bubble_50	Everything in this hotel is just perfect. A perfect hotel at a perfect location. Every morning the first look from my room was the Empire State Building close enough to touch, giving me that special feeling I did eyerything right and started my day with a smile. The hotel also has a fantastic rooftop bar with a nice view over the city that shouldn't be missed.  The hotel matches 100% with the photos online. It's a nice, not oversized very designoriented boutique hotel and was exactly what I was looking for.  My special tip: It's even possible to go for one of the hotel's own bikes for biking NYC and shouldn't be missed also. I did it every day it wasn't raining too much and can say it'a great experience too.  Especially the super friendly team did a great job too. My special
bubble_50	This place is phenomenal  really central to everything, the decor and rooms albeit a bit different are totally fab!   The place is super clean and the extra bit which gives this hotel the edge has to be the roof top bar!!! Modern, beautiful and views for days....  The staff were exceptional on every level and helped out loads... literally made the stay even better (if thats possible)  We loved the bikes and its defo the way to get around New York  WE WILL BE BACK
bubble_50	The people and atmosphere make Arlo Nomad a really nice place to come back to every evening. The location is perfect. The rooms are small but so well designed that you have everything you need. Nice rainfall shower. Comfortable bed. Free water. Useful little fridge in room. Fantastic views from rooftop bar area. Really nice restaurant, Lamalo, with interesting mid-Eastern fusion food. Front desk staff always warm and friendly. Tasty snacks for sale in lobby including the best dates I've ever tasted. Only one small downside was the very noisy heater, but I turned it off at night with no issues so it wasn't a problem.
bubble_50	Micro hotel rooms, small but perfect, incredible use of the space available for our 4 days in New York.  The breakfast was an unexpected bonus and was really tasty. Staff willing to assist and very friendly and professional, nothing too much trouble.  We will definitely return to New York in the future and we have no reason to look for any alternative accommodation now we've experienced the Arlo
bubble_50	Hotel is beautiful and very clean. Yes rooms are small, I would upgrade to a bigger room on my return. We stayed in a Urban Queen room. But the rooms have everything you need in them. Just a bit small if you are shopping and have luggage.... They have a happy hour every evening from 5pm to 7pm. Which was lovely. Only negative would be if they added a third option as not everyone drinks wine or prosecco. Staff were lovely and nothing was to much trouble. They have a lovely roof top bar. Great for taking photos. But bar wasn't open when we were there. Hotel is less than a 5min walk to Empire State Building and 8min walk to Macys. We didn't get food in the hotel. But we did grap breakfast in the Bread and Butter Cafe on the corner of the Hotel. They have lovely snacks cakes and
bubble_50	I knew i'd be working late and wanted to get a night at a hotel close by. This was the perfect location! Right down the block not just from work, but very close to anything that i wanted to do! The staff was phenomenal, answered any questions i had. The room had a great view of 5th Av, also very clean. I cannot wait to stay here again!
bubble_50	I stayed here for a night to crash after visiting a friend. Beautiful hotel, everything from the lobby, down to the bathroom, was super clean and felt well taken care of. Staff was amazing and more than accommodating! Would absolutely stay here again!
bubble_50	I recently visited Arlo Nomad, and had a fantastic experience. The room was very clean and beds were extremely comfortable. The entire staff was friendly and went above and beyond to make sure the experience was a pleasant one. One of the lobby hosts (Caroline) is such a sweet person. Every hotel needs a Caroline. I have stayed at Arlo many times before, and this most recent trip has further cemented the reason why I choose to stay here for both personal and business trips.
bubble_50	This hotel is conveniently located at 5th AV. View from the room is amazing. Atmosphere in the hotel is very good. Beautiful roof terrace! Security at hotel was fine. Without a pass you can not operate the elevator.
bubble_20	I'm actually at the hotel right now and in all honesty it's probably THE most average place I've stayed in years. Sure the location is good, but it's crazy small, incredibly overpriced and the rooms are bordering on inadequate. I definitely wouldn't recommend it to anyone expecting anything other than medicocre budget accommodation.
bubble_50	Where to start...This hotel surpassed all expectations; from the location, to the staff and the incredible views on the roof top. A really modern hotel with a great atmosphere, very well organised and friendly staff always willing to help. Rooms are on the small side I guess but its New York and they are very well planned and perfect for a couple staying in the city. The free bar during the happy hour every evening was a real perk before heading out for dinner or a show. The view from the roof top whether a sunny morning or at sunset will take your breath away, with the prominence of the Empire State Building towering above you. We couldnt have asked for a better location, everything is within a 10 to 20 minute walk and for those sites further away, theres a subway just round
bubble_50	This hotel was in a brilliant location. We got the AirTrain from JFK and the subway to Penn and this was in good walking distance. The rooms are small but really nicely done and just right for the stay. We didnt receive our upgrade on arrival but when we asked we were immediately moved to a 27th floor room with an amazing view of the Empire State. The service was excellent and the stay was spot on. My only small complaint would be the bar area which was quite small and the seating area felt a lot less personal. That would be all I would change as the rest was fab..
bubble_50	We stayed here for 3 nights , and chose this hotel based on the location and view from the rooms. We knew the rooms were small upon booking , but they are equipped with everything you need. We had a great corner view of the city. Complimentary drinks and snacks were served each night and the staff were beyond friendly! It also smelled amazing!
bubble_50	Actually I really had a great stay here in NYC for the first time in my life. My man Benjamin made my whole single day super amazing. He recommended me one of the coolest bagel places and the korean restaurants :) My life saver treated me for a drink too. My last night in this city turned out to be perfect because of Ben! Thank you and great to see you for the whole day! :)                     !
bubble_30	I visited there as couple traveller onto Queen bed room with City view.  The room condition was nice. clean and nice view.  BUT the room size was really really narrow. It's not enough to fold out my luggages. It was 24" and 30". every single time I had to lift luggages onto bed to open my luggage.  Bathroom's condition was clean and housekeeper always helped providing new towels. BUT bathroom was whole window. it was blurred. but It was not enough for privacy.  If you are finding a good city view room, this hotel would be great and fantastic. BUT I RECOMMEND TO STAY JUST 1 NIGHT.  ONLY FOR 1 NIGHT. Nothing valuable.
bubble_40	The hotel is very new and well-equipped, but the rooms (at least the one I stayed in) are very, very small. Just be prepared for that. The room I stayed in would only be appropriate for a single guest. Also note that the bathroom isn't completely walled off from the sleeping area - so if you're in the room with someone else, it will need to be someone you don't require any privacy from.
bubble_50	Room was immaculate, staff were friendly and helpful and always happy to go the extra mile which they proved when our transfer became complicated due to the Veteran's Day Parade. They contacted our transfer provider and ensured our transfer was sorted for us. Great location, with all major tourist spots within a 15/20 min subway ride away.  Nice little quirks about the hotel with guest deals at the bar, the guest note wall and the great view from the rooftop bar!  We would definitely stay there next time we visit New York again! Thanks Arlo :)
bubble_30	We booked a King room sky and we ended with a king room city.We were not noticed before our arrival of the leak happening in our room. So we had no choice that to take the room they had left for us. We were supposed to get 25 dollars of food/drinks for free but no one told us that we had to use it the first night so we ended having a coffee at that bakery in the morning... Once again here, the manager I guess proposed us the night of our arrival to go into the room t that we were supposed to have to take pictures the next morning and when we asked the next morning nobody allow us to do it . Overall the hotel is perfectly located and is very clean. The lobby's smell is amazing. But I'm very disappointed that no one contacted us when the leak happen as we didn't have other choice
bubble_50	THIS HOTEL IS A GEM. Ive never written a review before because Ive never felt so grateful for a hotel and their staff until now. We booked the wrong room via Expedia on accident and they happily upgraded us to a corner room free of charge. The front desk was beyond amazing, Candice heard it was my birthday and they sent a note, champagne and some desert to our room. Every night they have free champagne and wine at the bar from 5:30-7 and the bar staff was very generous with our pours! We felt like family here immediately which is rare for New York. Not only is the staff amazing but the design of this place is unparalleled. It feels so cozy and quaint amidst the bustling city and they have free board games which I love haha. The rooms are so cozy with the massive windows its
bubble_50	Geneva is the best employee ever! She not only made my boyfriend's trip the best, she made us feel like gold! Can't wait to go back to Arlo nomad!!!! She gave us the best treat ever and the customer service here is superb!!!!
bubble_40	Gigi was my hero by allowing me to check in early. So appreciated her help as I got off the red eye at 6AM on a Saturday. The room had an amazing view, and I appreciated the mini steamer for my clothes. The room itself was pretty small, and would have appreciated more clothing storage. But the location was fantastic, and the rooftop views are gorgeous. There were cool amenities like free classes at Alo Yoga, and a digital detox happy hour (didnt partake but many people seemed to). We did have issues with the cards not working, and you need to factor in a minimum of 5 minutes each way for the elevators. But overall, Id definitely go back.
bubble_30	On the surface, this hotel is a gem - stylish and comfortable communal decor, a lovely rooftop bar with great views of the city and a near perfect location for exploring New York City. That said, as a paying guest, this hotel still missed the mark for me for the reasons below.  1) The rooms are incredibly small. I appreciate they advertise as a micro hotel but the size of our bunk-bed room was laughable with little storage or floor space. It also felt dated and dark compared to images we had seen on the website.  2) I found a number of the staff at reception hostile and unfriendly, even when first arriving. It gives a sense that the hotel has an arrogance about it.  3) I raised a serious feather/down allergy on booking 9-months prior to my arrival, asking the hotel to ensure
bubble_40	I booked a Queen Sky Room at the Arlo for an anniversary trip with my husband.  The hotel lobby is very modern and had a bodega with barista and fridge or snacks available.  The staff was extremely nice and accommodating.  I had called to request a Empire State Building view (like many trip advisor posters recommended) and when we got there we unfortunately did not get that view.  We called down to the front desk and they remediated the problem promptly by having a switch the next day.  They even took our belongings from our room and placed them in the new room while were were out.  The room is TINY, but you have to expect that when you're in New York and not at a brand name luxury hotel.  But while tiny, it was very tasteful -- modern and efficient use of space!  The shower had
bubble_50	Only stayed here one night and I will most definitely try and return. Unfortunately was here for business but this is the type of hotel I would love to bring my wife to. Great amenities . Grand service . Great location. Brianna was a treat.
bubble_50	Went to NYC for the Marathon and stayed at the Arlo Nomad!! No Regrets. The front desk staff from was amazing. So Personal and the location was perfect.  Regardless if you wanted to go Uptown or Downtown.  My daughter is 10 years old and we were fine sharing the room with her.  So keep that in mind when booking. Room is small but efficient. Ill see you soon Arlo Nomad.  Praise to all the smiling faces at the Arlo Nomad.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Arlo SOHO location in late Spring and returned early summer. I usually book my hotel on hotel tonight but found that by booking direct it was less and I also received a $25 beverage credit. I put in the notes that I wanted a quiet room and that this was my birthday trip to see Bad on Paper podcast at Gramercy Theater. I am not familiar with this area but quickly figured out I was in the heart some amazing attractions (Flatiron Building, Union Square Farmers Market and restaurant row). The staff put birthday treats in my room with a personalized note. So surprised by that level of touch which began my stay with a full heart. Caroline M. has a bubbling personality and was very helpful with explaining the urban perks and extending my checkout the next day. The rooms
bubble_50	Have just checked out of Arlo Nomad after a stay with my 15 yr old son for our first trip to New York.  Hotel superb.  Bunk room absolutely spot on  Rooms spotless.  Staff amazing.  This place is central to so much and would 100% stay again.  I have stayed at many top rated hotels (The Langham, The Lancaster, Mandarin Oriental; all in London) and this place has service and atmosphere to rival them all.  Yes rooms are small.. as is stated but who goes to NYC to stay in your hotel?  AC noisy ish...turn it off! Lose an item...replace it.  Could not fault this place in anyway.  Will definitely be staying here again.  Well done all at the Arlo Nomad.
bubble_50	I just finished my third stay at the Arlo NoMad, and I can't wait to go back. The views from the stylish rooms, the fun vibe in the lobby, the stylish second floor work/drink/party space are all great, but they are easily surpassed by the completely stellar staff, both the friendly and efficient housekeepers and the warm, helpful, zero attitude front desk staff who are genuinely invested in the quality of your stay. A special shout-out to Steven and Gigi, who went especially out of their way to take great care of me. The Arlo NoMad hits every note just right.
bubble_40	The hotel is in a Perfect location, the staff were very helpful and friendly. Our 1st room we had was dark with not very good views at all, but they moved us to a higher floor with a great view no problem.  Rooms are small but comfortable. Roof bar is great with amazing 360 views. The lifts could be abit of a pain, but not really the end of the world to wait 5 minutes.   Overall we had a great stay and can't wait to go back
bubble_50	Excellent hotel and outstanding customer service from the front desk clerks. I was concerned about the elevator service from reading previous reviews but elevators were moving fast my entire stay no delays. Room 2702 was absolutely AMAZING,  small but cozy and absolutely loved the view. I will definitely always stay at the Arlo Nomad when returning to New York my first choice hotel.
bubble_50	Thank you for the best service. I always stay here. I can't speak English, but you kill me kindly. I feel secure and secure. He explained one thing carefully even though he was busy. It is also a place where foreigners can stay comfortably.  Thank you so much.
bubble_50	Let me start by saying that my stay at Arlo NoMad definitely exceeded my expectations. My goal was to surprise my girlfriend with a romantic getaway for her birthday and with the help of Arlos employee, Angie, I was able to do exactly that. This was my first time booking at Arlo and Angie made sure I had everything I needed. She informed me of the rooftop bar (definitely one of our favorite features of the hotel), booked us a delicious dinner in the restaurant downstairs and she set up a beautiful little birthday surprise for my girlfriend to walk into. I plan on booking another stay soon and I would recommend it to anyone debating on doing the same. Overall, a great place to stay and a big thank you to Angie.
bubble_40	the rooms here are tiny but the location is super convenient (especially for anyone traveling in/out via amtrak). The restaurant and rooftop bar are also both worth a visit. not the fanciest or trendiest hotel in town but always gets the job done.
bubble_50	I went to Arlo with my boyfriend and had the most pleasant experience. The room, along with the view, was gorgeous. Our front service clerk was Angie and she was a delight. She helped us make dinner reservations, informed us of all the amenities the hotel has to offer and I later learned that she helped set up a beautiful birthday surprise for me in the room prior to our arrival. She definitely went above and beyond and I must say, she played a big role as to why our experience at Arlo was so amazing. We will definitely be back!
bubble_50	Ultra clean and well kept. Minimalist meets modern urban. It was the best place that we found, by far, after looking through nearly 50 hotels in the immediate area. The Shower was amazing ! Included for free the Blind Barber amenities were excellent, smelled great, and high quality products. The room was spotless when we arrived, and the view was heart-stopping.  Simple check out and it was at NOON which was PERFECT! Most hotels have earlier checkouts and its always a drag to have to leave early in the morning. That was a huge plus for us!  We are already planning another trip to The Arlo Nomad , hopefully we can get there sooner rather than later.
bubble_40	This was our second stay at the Arlo NoMad.  The hotel is in a good location close to metro stops and a short walk Penn Station.  The room was crisp and clean in good repair.  Our room was very quiet. Bed and linens were of very good quality. The staff are welcoming and very helpful.  The rooftop views are wonderful! The breakfast at the hotel restaurant was expensive for what was provided even at New York prices. There are plenty of nice eating options nearby.
bubble_50	This was the first time to visit New York, we went for my sisters birthday. Thank you Arlo for the birthday card and gift, we had such wonderful time! Cant wait to visit again. Thank you for the excellent service, 5 stars!
bubble_40	I found this very pleasant hotel in Mid-town to be well-run. My room, though very small, had a very comfortable queen bed. The well-laid out room has an enclosed toilet and shower.  A separate area has a sink and actual glass! glasses. Ample lighting though maybe not for getting work done.  All rooms have sound-proofed windows that open. Only two complaints:  1. The TV generally did not work; though it was OK maybe 15% of the time. Nice guy from engineering said the problem was with the signal and couldn't be fixed.  2. The air conditioning was so loud, it was hard to hear the tv, when it did work.
bubble_50	Perfect stay in New York. Great view. Nice rooftop. Really polite and professional staff Crew. Unfortunatelly we did not bookedthe breakfast. But did purchase it in Restaurant. Absolutly great. We will visit again. Can't wait for it.
bubble_50	A total of four nights were played in Aloe. It was a good experience. It was very kind, especially in the information. I'll recommend it to the people around me and I'd like to do it to you. I hope you're ready for a good trip.
bubble_40	Small room and long wait time for elevator. Hotel was very clean, staff was very friendly, great location. If you are packing light and don't plan to spend a lot of time in your room this is a great hotel!
bubble_30	Tiny room. Can't imagine staying in that room with another adult. No drawers (cubbies), small closet, small everything. When you sit on the toilette, your feet are practically in the shower. Not a good hotel to have a lot of luggage. If it's just you and you don't mind being in tight spaces, go for it. Also, two elevators for all of those floors. You end up waiting for 10 minutes for an elevator. Best thing about the room is the clothes steamer. Oh, and no tea or coffee in the room.
bubble_50	This is a great hotel.  It is very clean, the front desk staff were very friendly and helpful.  We were located on the 28th floor and the elevator took seconds to get there.  The location is superb, right in mid-town, about a 10 minute walk to Penn Station, and accessible to pretty much everywhere in Manhattan. The rooms were spotless and very modern, a couple of downsides to the room is that they are small, and you can occasionally hear noises from both the hall and adjoining rooms.   The free drinks at 5:30 on the second floor were a bonus, and the breakfast had pretty much everything you could want.  One of the best parts is the rooftop patio....what great views.   When i am back in NYC, this will be where i go.
bubble_50	arlo nomad is the best hotel in NYC.  the location is perfect.  the hotel is located in the heart of Manhattan.  the hotel staff was so nice and friendly.  the hotel is so clean and nice. I will come back and tell everyone about it.
bubble_50	The Arlo name was new to us, but it looked like an interesting place, in a good location. We found the hotel to be modern and creative in style: It has a boutique feel without being pretentious. Little touches like free welcome drinks and afternoon wine, fairly priced valet parking, etc. all make you feel welcome. Front desk staff are exceptionally helpful. Rooms are small but modern and nicely laid out. Wish they had in-room coffeemakers, but great coffee is available in the lobby. Overall a comfortable and fun stay, and a very good value.
bubble_50	The hotel was great, staff super nice and helpful, the atmosphere was super fun and the room cozy, clean and just what we needed.  Had dinner at Lamalo, the restaurant downstairs, it was amazing, highly recommend it! It brought back memories from Israel to my fiance.  We are definitely coming back to this hotel.
bubble_50	I am a repeat visitor to Arlo Nomad and, again, it did not disappoint.  We checked in early and I didn't expect the room to be ready so we just stored our bags, which were delivered later to our rooms.  At no charge either; a lot of hotels charge for checking bags.  And just as promised, when we arrived later in the afternoon, our bags were in the room.  I requested a a Queen Urban room and upon entering were super thrilled that our room (on the 22nd floor) had a beautiful view of the Empire State.  We didn't close the curtains at all so we could see the pretty lights all night.   The bed, pillows and blanket were extremely comfortable; it was hard to get up and get going!  Even though I am a very "low maitenence" guest, the staff was very accommodating and brought up toothbrush
bubble_50	Arlo NoMad did NOT disappoint. It not only met, but exceeded my expectations. There's always that bit of worry that your hotel will be nothing like the pictures, but honestly this hotel was perfect. First- the room. We stayed in the King Sky room and WOW. The view was breathtaking. I cannot, and will not, complain about the room being small, as the square footage is posted on the website. And to be honest, I think that is what makes it even more special - our bed was literally wrapped in floor-to-ceiling windows - so cool. Shower also great. The rooftop bar was awesome as well. Amazing views and so cute and comfortable up there, and bigger than I was expecting. The bar inside - also great even though we were not there for long. Just a really cool vibe overall. Wish we could have
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary and it was the best! The view was amazing, the bar and rooftop were fun and the staff were the nicest hotel staff Ive ever met. I would not change one thing about our stay! I hope we can come back again!
bubble_50	Ok the Arlo Nomad has basically spoiled us for any other trip we take to New York. We loved the location (several train lines run close by, avoiding the need to transfer). The service was excellent- Caroline and Richmond helped us when we arrived and were so pleasant, especially after our red eye flight. I dont know the others names (I wish I did!) but they always greeted us with a smile.  The rooftop bar is amazing. Weve heard of how other bars can get crowded and be a scene, this one was chill. Yes, sometimes closed at random times but you can still go up there for the view.  Having a little coffee bar in the lobby was clutch.  We chose the room with floor to ceiling windows (anniversary trip, why not) and the view. Is. Spectacular. The rooms are on the smaller side but this
bubble_50	My wife and I spend a lovely weekend in New York at the Arlo NoMad. Perfect location, we were able to go North to Central Park, and South down to the World Trade Centre with ease...great accommodations, great atmosphere, excellent staff and amenities.
bubble_40	We wanted a place to stay for the night so we picked Arlo. We were very pleased with out stay. The room was clean and tidy. I have to admit the room is small and you can bump into things if you are not careful but the view was just amazing. The room was right in the corner with two huge glass windows in each corner which overlooks the city. The whole room is just one open space with only a glass door separating the bathroom from the rest of the room. The hotel offers free drinks and snacks between 5:30pm and 7:00pm on the second floor. Hotel has valet parking for $55 which is very convenient and complementary storage if needed. A little crowded and noisy at times during the night but overall very good experience.
bubble_50	Service, service, service What a wonderful experience. The staff at Arlo are amazing. The Hotel is clean, friendly, and very welcoming.  The rooms are "boutique". All we needed was a place to sleep and shower while we enjoyed the city. We finished each night with a vist to the roof top bar. One of the best views available. Also very popular with the locals on a Saturday night. Complimentary drinks in the lounge for guests each night.  Would definitely stay here again!!!
bubble_50	This hotel is fantastic! The hotel has a really nice atmosphere and very cool furnishings. Lovely areas for hangout, like BArlo on the second floor and the rooftop. All of the staff were so friendly and helpful. The room was fresh and clean, the bed was very comfortable and the shower was awesome. We stayed in a King Sky room with floor-to-ceiling-windows and the view was just amazing! Great location, just around the corner from Empire State Building. I can definitely recommend this hotel!
bubble_20	The rooms are micro sized and beat up. There are no doors on the bathrooms, only a curtain. For $350 a night, I at least expect a bathroom door. I would not recommend this hotel! I dont understand hows its rated so high. This is the first time TripAdvisor has steered us wrong. I cannot stress enough how disappointed I am with our stay here.
bubble_50	I stayed 3 nights at the hotel, travelling solo, on a combination of work and leisure.  My room had a queen size bed as requested.  The room was extremely small (think cruise ship), but seemingly intentionally designed to be that way, as it seems guests at the hotel like to spend much of their time in the common areas when not out in the city.  The room was extremely clean.  Room design was carefully thought of, making very efficient use of all spaces: shower area, bathroom counter, small desk space, a little corner seat, bed, and storage for luggage. The lighting options were nice and the feel of the room was cozy in the evening. The common areas where people seem to spend time are on the 2nd floor and are really nice.  They include a quiet study-type/lounge room with sofas,
bubble_30	I thought that the rooms were nice, comfortable bed, everything worked. Lobby was fine and staff was good.  The biggest problem was expectation setting. The hotel should do a better job advertising that the rooms are MICRO size. I was shocked when I walked into the room and saw how small it was. For one person it might have been OK but for 2 people it was so small. I realize that if you click on the rooms it says that its 150 sqft but for most of us, it's not obvious how small that is. Also, there were no drawers to put my clothes so I was living out of my suitcase for 5 days. So, while I thought that the hotel was pleasant, I felt like the size of the rooms was disappointing and surprising.
bubble_30	One evening I came back from my birthday celebration and I needed one vase for my flowers and when I requested at the front desk for a vase, it appreared that Your hotel does not have vases at all, which was so surprising. Such a cool and stylish hotel does not have vases(!?!). Apart from this funny fact, the person who was doing his duty at the front desk did not even try to help me out, and he pretended to go to the back of the office and then come back within 1 second, cockingly suggested that I have to go to the store and buy a vase myself. I was shocked, to be honest. As an influencer, I have never treated that way. I guess I should thank you.   Also, prior arriving, I had requested a room with the better view. I did not get one - but it is ok.
bubble_50	This place was a great choose for my visit to New York. The rooms were a little small, but thats Nee York. It had a practical layout for its size. I got a nice view of the city with the room that I recurved and Staff was great.
bubble_50	Great Location.  The rooms are small but if you are traveling alone or as a couple they are actually quite nice.  Unlike a lot of hotels in the area the elevator situation is pretty good.  I never had to wait more then a couple of minutes.  The last 2 NY hotels I stayed at both had too few and too slow elevators.  Honestly if you are out in the city all day the difference between waiting 20min to leave every morning will make more of a difference than the small rooms.
bubble_30	Rooms are modern and cozy, but too small. Loved the staff and the food at the restaurant was very good.the rooftop bar service was great and the highlight of my stayed . The area around the hotel is nice and very close to the train .
bubble_30	I stay here for 3 days.  I booked a just normal room, it is very small room and bed.   The service is great.  However there is a few things you need to consider. Pros: Location is very good , if you want to visit Empire State Building and upper town. There is convenient store near by for water and others.  Staff service is very good and room is clean .   Cons: Room is not really sound proof.  You can hear everything from street.  K-Town is very noisy at night. AC is so loud , it would be difficult for to sleep... barely hear your self. Outside of hotel, K-Town street, is very dirty and stinks.  It is not pleasant.  Tips:  Trying to book expensive room as possible and trying stay short.  It is not definitely hotel for family and long stay.   Rooftop bar is awesome.
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great neighborhood, close to lots, including the subway. Room was small, but I expect that in nyc, plus Im literally there just to sleep. New furnishings, EXCELLENT Blind Barber products. Little bodega in the lobby was great for morning coffee! All areas were super comfortable and inviting. The second floor was my favorite!! Great space to work or Lounge. Great bar and lots of space. Happy hour was quite good too! Would definitely recommend, and Ill be back!
bubble_50	We had a great time in one of the King Sky Rooms.  They are very small but worth the experience.  Definitely good for a short stay although I'm sure their other rooms are larger and just fine for a longer visit.  Everyone was friendly for the most part and it's in a very good location although that depends on what you're looking for in Manhattan.  Just have fun!
bubble_50	From booking through to my arrival, the team at Arlo Nomad did a great job. They even put my luggage in my room for me and left a handwritten note welcoming me. Views are divine and I recommend getting a higher floor - it's worth it! I personally love small spaces so didn't mind the compact room and felt it was designed nicely to maximize what was there. Bed was comfortable, not out of this world, but I slept well and the shades were great with the ever on city lights. Air conditioner is pretty loud, but I still slept well despite it turning on/off intermittently. Anderson made my trip fantastic and I appreciated him going above and beyond to make my stay great. Rooftop is beautiful though I didn't spend much time there. The elevators can be a bit slow, especially if you are on
bubble_50	Nicely situated and staff very enthusiastic and very helpful.  The room was very nice and the view wonderful.  Everything is in his right place.  The Rooftop bar is just amazing.  The staff at the front desk are very helpful.  The coffee shop in the lobby has wonderful coffee.
bubble_50	Everything during my stay was awesome. Huge shoutout to Caroline at the front desk. I had a rough morning before arriving and casually talked to her about it. She empathized, helped me get checked in super quick and remembered me by name the next day. The bell staff was also amazing, super attentive and friendly. The rooftop bar? Literal icing on the cake. LOVE this hotel. Hope to be back soon.
bubble_30	To be honest I found this hotel at instagram and booked it because I wanted the full NYC experience with my boyfriend. I know that september is the high season, and that prices in the city are high during this time. We used booking.com, which went smooth and gave us the lowest price available. We booked a queen city room and requested a corner room.  There was some facilities that I feel that a hotel in the city should have, in this price range. There was no room service, and absolutely no information prepared for us at the hotel room (you usually get some information about foods, what to do, etc.).  The rooms are cute and tiny, as expected in NY. The room offers what you need, but nothing else. The aircondition is extremly loud, and you need to have it on the whole time to be
bubble_40	The bunk room was perfect as I was travelling with my 17 year old niece. Arrived tired from a delayed flight and the front desk staff were kind and welcoming, just what I needed. Room was small, but as to be expected in NYC but amazingly quiet as it was facing the back. Wine hour was appreciated and the view from the rooftop was amazing. The only complaint would be the weird shower curtain on the shower that seemed makeshift and not practical.
bubble_50	What a great place to stay! The room view was fabulous and the bed was super cozy. The interior of the entry is amazing. So trendy. And did I mention the rooftop bar? Great terrace with delicious drinks!
bubble_50	This is a sweet little hotel with super cozy rooms--yes, the are small but cleverly outfitted with everything you need. I came in on a redeye--after a 3 hour shuttle ride from JFK to the airport (you read that right...somehow I got lucky and was dropped last), they found a room to let me have an early check in so I could shower and rest. So much niceness and thoughtfulness! After I check out on my last day, they kept my bag stowed and settled me into my ride to the airport with a cold drink (thank you Caroline for your kindness!) I really loved using the Arlo NoMad as my home base. Thank you thank you thank you!
bubble_50	Tiny but well organised rooms with floor to ceiling glass walls that look out onto the Empire State Builiding, NOMAD Manhattan on the higher levels , with a location on the edge of Koreatown and and trendy Flatiron more than make up for the room size. Sensational roof top bar with 360 degree views up and downtown is a buzzy young place to drink and meet people before strolling out to Flatiron for dinner. The ground floor restaurant and level 2 bar for rainy nights are also really cool. Loved the barista in the lobby too.
bubble_50	Every aspect of The Arlo NoMad blew us away. The staff went above and beyond to welcome us from the moment we stepped in, to the moment we checked out. The hotel is well thought out and creates the environment for the perfect stay. The view from our room was stunning, our room was sparkling clean and modern, the public areas were trendy, fun, and inviting, events were welcoming and fun. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. You need to stay here.
bubble_20	The rooms are incredibly small, tiny. Way too much. Personnel was helpful and efficient, however, I would never stay here again, just because the size of the rooms. Its almost claustrophobic. I didnt imagine the rooms would be so small, otherwise I would have never booked here.
bubble_50	I've stayed at Arlo NoMad 4 times now and every time had a fantastic visit. The hotel vibe is energetic and young, with a rooftop bar full of beautiful people and a yummy restaurant and a second floor bar and lounge that's great to hang out in whether you want to have a quick drink or sit in the map room with your laptop and get some work done.  The rooms, while snug and cozy, are really ingeniously designed to fill every need, and the views - WOW! Get a high floor if you can, facing south, and you can see forever. The beds are comfy and the linens crisp and fluffy. The shower products by The Blind Barber company smell delicious too.  The staff treated me with kindness and warmth and fulfilled all of my requests exactly as I asked, getting the room made up early and extra
bubble_50	I booked a few nights at Arlo NoMad with my friend to a girls' trip to NYC and we have absolutely loved our stay! We had a corner room on the 26th floor and and the views were amazing! The rooms are small but have everything you need - a super comfortable bed (feels like sleeping on clouds within the skyline - a dream!), a clean and bright bathroom and closet storage. The rooftop bar offers even more amazing views and is the perfect spot for a sundowner!
bubble_50	We looked for a nice hotel in NYC for a very long time before we booked our trip. Then we decided to stay with the Arlo Nomad because of its breathtaking views out of the window and the rooftop. As we arrived, we found out that our room wasn't quite what we expected, but then came Benjamin from the front desk team. What an amazing guy! He immediately checked whether we can move on the next day and the room we received was simply perfect! Thank you Benjamin for this unforgettable experience! I can 100% recommend this place! The rooms are clean, the breakfast is good, there's nice coffee at the lobby bar (very important for the Europeans.) The rooftop has an amazing view to the Empire State Building. There is really nothing negative to say.
bubble_50	Spent my birthday in ARLO total of 3 nights. Staff, breakfast, cocktails at the rooftop, room and the views were perfect and the bed - superb. We really enjoyed every second staying in Arlo Nomad. We actually skipped little bit sightseeing cause we really liked our room. Location is superb in NYC (seems like it's in the center of everything you need) + easy access as well. Amazing. Counting days to come back.
bubble_50	I would highly recommend this well-located extremely clean hotel the staff are super friendly and although the rooms are small just like every room in New York City these are laid out in such a way where they seem more open than most! staff extremely, dating extremely helpful always taking the extra mile to make your stay nice! Highly recommend
bubble_50	I loved everything about this hotel! Starting with the staff and ending with the rooms! Not only are they beautiful but super comfy! I am definitely coming back to NY just to stay here again. I highly recommend Arlo!
bubble_50	My partner found this hotel online, and we were both drawn to how close it was to the Empire State Building, and the Sky View rooms. We stayed in a Queen Sky View room, and requested via email prior to our visit, for an Empire State view - Which we were given upon our arrival. The staff were quick to respond to my emails, and always asked if there was anything else that they could do for us before our visit. The room itself was small, but this wasn't an issue for us, as we only ever slept int he room, and spend the rest of the day/evening out exploring New York. Things like shampoo, body wash, soap and a hair dryer are provided, and there is also a small safe under the bed as well as a mini fridge. We had a breakfast credit with our booking, so for the first few days of our
bubble_50	I spent five nights at the hotel and was constantly impressed with how friendly and happy the staff were. At all times, each person was helpful. The location worked perfectly for me - easy to walk to the theatre district, the High Line, Chelsea, West Village, Soho, Union Square and even the Upper East Side - walked up Madison to The Met and Met Breuer. In fact, I used the subway only once and never took a cab. Granted, I was there in August so the weather was suitable for walking..... The rooms were cosy and the variety of food/bar options were impressive for a boutique hotel. Angie at the front desk was super!
bubble_50	We stayed for two nights in July on a family visit, and had a teeny-tiny bunk room with TVs at the foot of each bunk. The room was clean but tired, and the fittings need a repair/refresh, but it did the job and was good value for money in that location. All-night clunking from the neighbouring elevator winding room didnt make for a great sleep.  The front desk was exceptionally friendly and helpful, and the guest happy hour was a nice treat. The food looked great but was pretty costly, so we dined out.  Were already planning to return in a few months time, this is now our NYC go-to.
bubble_50	With the amazing view, i must recommend this hotel to everyone. The hotel emloyees are very nice and helpfull. During my holiday i had very nice and unforgetable days. From now on Arlo s holel will be my first choice.
bubble_40	Highly impressed by the floor to ceiling windows, the quality of amenities and the overall friendliness of the staff ! The location is amazing  - super central to everything you need access to in NYC. Highly recommend staying here at least once !
bubble_50	My wife and I went to NYC for 3 nights in August 2019 for our Anniversary and stayed at the Arlo Nomad. We LOVED it. We spent most of the day on Sunday on the rooftop enjoying the view and sipping cocktails. The view is spectacular and RIGHT under the Empire State Building. We would 100% stay here again. BOOK IT.
bubble_50	Great Hotel With Amazing Views. The shower was great and the staff was extremely friendly. I enjoyed the social hour from 5:30-7:00 with free wine. It has a large TV which was nice with a variety of things to watch. It was a stylish unit and the elevator was fast.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at the Arlo NoMad in August for a weekend away in the city. We had a corner room on the 29th floor with beautiful views. The hotel was modern and had a cool vibe to it, which we really enjoyed! The room itself is tiny and there really wasn't space to put anything so keep that in mind while packing. The staff were all very friendly - checking in was a breeze and they stored our bags while we ventured out into the city for a few hours before our room was ready. Also, after checking out they stored our bags again because we weren't actually leaving the city until later that evening. We went up to the rooftop bar on Saturday night for a drink (~$18 for a mixed drink) with the Empire State Building right behind us. The location was convenient to basically
bubble_40	The previous reviews are pretty accurate. The location is excellent. The Employees are AWESOME... very friendly and helpful. The Bars are very nice and good atmosphere. The Bed was comfortable and rooms clean.  Just very very small... but this was ok as we spent very little time in the room.  The views from the room top are GREAT (photo is of Empire State Building from the roof-top bar) Bottom-line, we would stay there again.
bubble_30	First off, the staff are all very nice and accommodating. They truly know how to treat guests well. I am giving only stars for first, the room size, which was small to the point of feeling claustrophobic, not even a place to open your suitcase. I paid extra for a city view and was given something east facing, which is not anything to pay extra for (the cool city buildings are to the north and and south). There was also a strange odor in my room that no one could get to the bottom of. It disturbed me a bit since it smelled like gas. And yes, I am used to NYC odors as I used to live there.  My biggest gripe was the "urban fee" that I was charged for $35/day and wasn't at all expecting. I've never been billed for this type of thing before at Manhattan hotel. I felt ripped off. It
bubble_50	I went there because I want to know the hotel, and the views. There was great, less noise than what I was expecting, good breakfast! I really enjoy the rooftop bar and the wine happy hour at the hotel bar.
bubble_50	Seriously one of my favorite hotels in NYC. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful! The rooms are quaint yet innovative. The view from the rooftop bar is incredible, with the Empire State Building right in front!! The lobby is full of art along the staircase, with a rustic vibe in the lobby. They also have a bar on the 2nd floor with an adjacent open room to do any last minute work the night before a big presentation, if youre in for business. I will definitely stay here again!
bubble_30	This hotel/backpackers was very quiet. So sleeping was good. Horrible location as the street stunk all week of garbage and had revolting green smelly water out front. Not a nice intro to NY. Felt more like a like a backpackers hostel. Cheap price but nothing flash. Probably would not stay again due to street and location  Tiny rooms.
bubble_50	What a great Location was set right in the centre of Manhattan. Close walking distance from time square, Central Park...  I stayed In two different rooms both of them had awesome views of all the city.   The roof top bar was very friendly and had a great mix of people. From young entrepreneurs to travels. Brought a great feeling to NYC and made it very welcoming. There was also spectacular views of the Empire State Building from here too.   Would never stay anywhere else In Ny again.   Aside from the hideous unknown cost of using the room phones. Would be great if at least put the prices down next to it.  Great Job Arlo team.
bubble_50	I stayed at Arlo NoMad with my 10-yr old son last week, it was a great experience.  I loved the online check-in process, which I was able to check in prior the arrival.  The lobby staff is very helpful as we arrived in mid-night.  Our room is King Sky with a great view of the city, the next  nights we moved to a Queen room with terrace, which was awesome.  Wish I could spent more time on the terrace enjoying my morning coffee and evening drinks.  It is a very nice hotel with great services, we will definitely stay here again on our next visit!
bubble_50	Clean, stylish, comfortable, inviting and extremely tasty (breakfast) - Arlo is our go-to in NYC now! The hotel room that we booked featured a panoramic window with the Empire State Building right outside (across the hotel in a few blocks distance) - amazing view to feel that you are well and truly in NYC.
bubble_50	We loved staying at the Arlo NoMad. The location of the hotel is fantastic and the staff members are very friendly. Great Rooftop bar! The sky corner rooms make the stay though! It is so neat being way up in the skyline like that. Rooms are small but super efficient. There were 2 of us with 2 larger roller suitcases (traveling around for 7 days) & we made it all work no problem! Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	My partner and I stayed at Arlo NoMad from July 25-28 and it was the perfect place to explore the city.  We loved the free wine hour from 5:30-7 and the helpful staff! We received free breakfast with our booking and it was one of the best Ive had at any hotel, ever!!  We wouldnt hesitate to stay here again if we decided to return to NYC!!   Really the only area for improvement Id have is that the elevator wait was a bit long at times but other than that it was really 5 stars all around.  Oh and go up to the rooftop bar (see pic). Its awesome!
bubble_50	I had to book the Arlo very last-minute after having a horrible experience at the nearby Freehand. Despite being charged for my room at the Freehand, switching to the Arlo NoMad was the best decision I could've made. When I got to the front desk, I shared what had happened with the concierge (Andy or Anderson?) and he was incredibly empathetic and just pretty funny about the whole thing. Since I'd had such a bad experience and it was very late at night, he found a way to upgrade me to an even nicer room free of charge and it just blew me away. When I walked into the room, I cried. I was so relieved! It was such a juxtaposition between a bad room, bad experience, and bad staff at the Freehand and the incredible room, staff and experience at the Arlo. I ate a salad and watched
bubble_50	Actually I should not be posting this, as too many good reviews could attract too many people, but what a great roof top bar this is. Relaxing people, no formal stuff, easy chatting with others and what a view. Empire State Building just in front of you. Wouldnt wanted to have  missed this.
bubble_40	A girlfriend and I had a great stay at Arlo. We had very active days so we didnt mind the small sized rooms, after all thats what you expect in NY. Only one complaint, the elevators were extremely slow and sometimes took up to15 minutes. The staff at the front desk were amazing and helpful. Would consider staying here again.
bubble_50	The staff was warm, professional and helpful-No surprises with the room--cute, trendy, clean and small just like it was advertised. Wonderful rooftop lounge, delicious breakfast and free drinks and treats at happy hour. Easy walk to Madison Square Garden--we had a great time in NYC. Definitely recommend the Arlo!
bubble_30	My wife and I spent 3 days in this hotel. The room was tiny, though the views to the city were nice. Beware.. construction site upfront - the main entraitainment of the workers is to stare to the rooms while using the lift. Construction ceases during weekends so no disturbance otherwise. What was a bit dissapointed was the fact that our room was never made.. we left hotel 8 in the morning and returned around 3 - and it was never made. We had to call reception to get at least fresh towels. The rooftop is nice - though it causes long waits at the lifts at some hours. There was a private event at the rooftop and we were denied access. Would have appreciated a heads up early enough in order to plan around. Staff was just OK. Beware... the small walk along 31st st. till you arrive to
bubble_50	Reserved hotel based on location and cost.  Was AMAZED by the view from the ART lounge, friendly staff and accessibility to public transportation.  Walkable at all hours.  Felt safe with my kids.  Close to major NYC attractions.  Has become my favorite location for future trips to NYC
bubble_50	I always try and book into the Arlo Nomad when Im in New York City.   The rooms are comfortable if a little small (but then it is NY) and the location is amazing big right in heart of the city.  The staff are all really friendly (service with a smile) and helpful. The recently changed breakfast style is really nice and with a lot of choice of warm and cold options.   If you are lucky or book an upgraded room the view incredible and the full window is really cool.  The rooftop bar is nice but can get a bit busy and regularly hosts events, not that the noise effects the rooms.  The only slight negative are the lifts and it can take quite some time to get up to the rooms or down.  Highly recommend
bubble_30	We have spent 3 nights in Arlo NoMad and we would not extend our stay. If you book an upgraded room (we did) the views are really amazing, bed in a corner window location - it is impressive. Please note that as mentioned on their website the rooms are really tiny, no place even to open your bag... Out of 3 days stay our room has not been cleaned twice ... Breakfast is ok and yet not a lot of choice.. full vegetarian so you need to stick to yogurt, fruits, eggs and cheese. Service level mid to low. The last night there was a private event on the terrace and we were denied access to the roof top - what a dissapointment! If you pay for the hotel you expect to have access to all facilities...   Location is quite convenient in the middle of mid town, unfortunately the street smells
bubble_50	I booked this hotel after reading its reviews and I am glad that I made that change. I was greeted with a smiley face with no wait time. My check in was quick and easy. There was complimentary wine and snack, which I really enjoyed. Rooms are nice, quiet and clean. Would highly recommend this hotel...
bubble_50	Absolutely loved the service and vibe of this hotel. Superb location, killer rooftop view. This will Be my new go to hotel from now on. Plenty of great restaurants around and accessible subways are near by.
bubble_50	A great choice for solo visitors, very friendly environment, tiny rooms but with great commodities, clean and shiny everywhere! Between 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue, 10min walk from Time Square, 2 metro lines so close by.
bubble_40	Overall we really enjoyed our week-long stay at the Arlo Nomad. The central, convinient location was excellent for my first visit to NYC - close to the subway and easy to get around the city.   The room itself was very clean and comfortable, although the mattress was not as comfortable as I had hoped. The views were wonderful. The elevators became a bit annoying throughout our stay. At certain times, especially in the evenings, it was difficult to get an elevator to and from the room due to the popularity of the rooftop bar.   We enjoyed grabbing breakfast (from outside the hotel) and taking in the view on the rooftop patio every morning. The website describes that there is a "bodega" in the lobby, but it was really more of a pop-up cafe. The lattes they made were delicious!
bubble_30	the lifts to the rooms were really packed and you had to queue for a long time as they are all in use for the bar in the rooftop. Breakfast included but very limited. Room chosen didnt have the views as expected
bubble_50	We love this hotel s convenience to the train station, subway, and Madison Park neighborhood. Walking to midtown, broadway or downtown is all within reach. Arlo has a fresh friendly modern vibe. Our room had an awesome private terrace and phonograph complete with vintage vinyl! We look forward to a return visit.
bubble_20	Im honestly surprised this hotel is considered 4 stars. Ill start off saying all the staff were extremely friendly, however upon check in I was not given any information about the hotel and there is no information in the rooms. No neighborhood guides, information about the property - nothing. I ended up speaking with Gigi who works overnights and was excellent to get information on my way out the morning after check in.   The rooms are small, very small, but its NY so sometimes thats par for the course. I received a complimentary upgrade which was great however my room was on the same floor as the housekeeping station so I heard it all night. Additionally, there is no service elevator and there is a rooftop (which is nice) so the elevators can be quite backed up.   When you
bubble_50	We stayed in the Arlo Nomad for 4 nights as a family of 5 (50's, 22, 21 and 18 year olds).  From the minute we arrived, we just loved it.  From the amazing smell when you first walked in, to the most attentive doorman and to the FANTASTIC staff on reception.  They were super friendly and helpful.  We had a problem with our debit card on paying for 3 separate rooms but they were so patient and nothing was a problem.  Yes the rooms are small, but you are never in them apart from to shower and sleep.  They are very clean and beds are so comfy - best sleep we have had in a long time!  Hotel is very well located - 15-20 minute walk to Times Square.  If you are looking for a great breakfast, snack, tea/coffee/bottle of wine(!), fruit etc. there is a Bread and Butter at the end of the
bubble_40	Arlo Nomad is a great choice if you want to stay in the Midtown-area. It is close to the subway station, it is pretty close to Madison Square park and loads of restaurants and museums. The rooms are lovely, modern and clean.  Staff is friendly. Yes it is quite expensive, but it is defo worth the money. I really enjoyed my stay.
bubble_30	Went there for two nights. The hotels in New York are just generally very expensive for Canadians. We were lucky to get some discount from my Expedia points, or else, I def will say the price is a bit expensive.    Hotel is overall very cute, very hip. The design is trendy.  The hotel is small. We booked the standard room, so beware. The standard rooms are super super small, it is def not suitable for two friends, that likes their privacy.   The rooms are very clean. Beds were comfortable, but a tad small for us (double).  Everything worked well. If you are looking to spend most of your time outside of the hotel, I would recommend this place.  We really enjoyed the happy hour from 5:30 - 7 p.m., as it is unlimited drinks (two selected wines, one presecco and one type of beer),
bubble_50	I live right near the Arlo Nomad and usually pass it on my way home from work. I absolutely love the hotel scent; its always a welcomed smell when youre walking home in NYC during the summer! Last week I dropped in to see if they sold in on site. To my luck they did. I chatted with Carlos (lobby host), and Jeanell (Manager) for a bit. The two of them were so sweet and friendly. I told them I was visiting the Arlo Nomads sister Hotel, Nautilus, for a bachelorette party Labor Day weekend. Ive been working with the Sales Manager there and shes been super helpful! They even gave my a free bottle of the Arlo scent which me and my roomies now absolutely love! Its the small touches that really make an impact. This has gotten me so excited for my trip and I know with employees
bubble_50	Imagine waking up to free coffee and getting free cocktails while waiting for your Uber. This may not happen with every stay, but Hotel Arlo will go the extra mile to make sure you're happy. Their products are great, rooms are clean and modern, and their amenities are top notch.  Recently referred a friend, and he loved his stay with his mother. Wish I could get a free couple nights for referrals!
bubble_50	Convenient and cool place to stay in mid town NYC off 5 Avenue . Small, efficient and clean rooms.. Caroline at the front desk was a 5 STAR !!!!! Professional, Courteous, Prompt and Accommodating. She made the experience 5 STARS!!!
bubble_50	I spent there just one night, my room was small but nice ane well equipped, the employees at teh welcome desk were nice and helpfull. I loved the "social" areas like the reading rooms, the 2nd floor bar, but must of all the rooftop at 31st floor with anice abr and terrace...so close to the Empyre Building!!
bubble_50	I spent there just 1 night but I would love to stay more, especially to try the middel east restaurant and to join the wonderfull rooftop again! so close to empyre!! The hotel position is very stategic and the the employees very nice and helpfull
bubble_50	We came here for a pre-dinner drink, which was reasonably priced, delicious, and in an excellent venue. The "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" was refreshing for a 95 degree evening. We came here as the sun was setting and had a blast taking a few photos. The views were unreal. Highly recommend the rooftop bar.
bubble_30	I have stayed at the Arlo about 4 times. The last one was unpleasant because it took me 6 minutes each time to get from the lobby to my room on the 21st floor due to people going to the rooftop bar . This started around 3.30 and went on for the entire night. I have to find some place else. You should have an elevator just for rooftop bar users and separate one for guests staying st thehotel Thanks
bubble_50	We had an amazing stay at the Arlo. The view from our room was beautiful. The location of the hotel is perfect, bed was comfortable, And Caroline at the front desk provided us with excellent customer service
bubble_40	Staff was fabulous. Happy hour and roof are great touches. However, the rooms are crazy small even for New York. Nice modern design but way too small. No place to hang dresses or lay luggage. I would never stay here with 2 people. Also shower is decent size with solid water pressure but curtain waves around and sticks to you. I think they can fix this. Also, no coffee In room and coffee bar in lobby doesnt open until 7 am on weekends, which is fairly normal for NYC, but not without some alternative. I suggest they provide free serve yourself coffee from 6 am to 7 am for people like me who have early appointments, flights or want a cup of java before a run.  As others have noted, elevators are overworked and the wait can be long. Consider staying on a lower floor where you have
bubble_50	My stay at Arlo Nomad was a great one. Every staff member that I encountered was kind, polite and helpful. My room (Queen city view, 19th floor) was very clean. The rooms are small, definitely for 1 or 2 people but well organized. There was small fridge in the room, in which I was able to store my own drinks and snacks. The shower had really good water pressure. My room was quiet during the night. One thing to note is that the blinds are not room darkening so if you are not a morning person, maybe take a sleep mask with you. I booked a fantastic rate from Travelzoo which included breakfast. The breakfast was quite good-eggs, oatmeal, cereal, fruit, greens, a variety of pastries and bread, orange juice, coffee and tea were all available-something for everyone.  Finally, my plane
bubble_50	I loved this hotel.  I only stayed for a night and it was just me in the room but so it was perfect.  Might be a bit tight if staying longer or more than yourself in the room.  But it's NYC and you shouldn't be in your room anyway!!  The room was small but incredibly well laid out and had everything I needed.  Staff was great at the desk and in the lobby.  Very clean.  The shower pressure was the best I have ever experienced.  EVER!  And the smell of the lobby is unreal.  I bought their scent the minute I walked in.  Great location in midtown.  Clean. Cool. Beautiful.
bubble_50	I loved this hotel from the moment I walked in. The fragrance at the entry, the welcoming staff, and the cute notecards by the elevator made by all the previous guests  that have stayed. It is right in the city of New York, you can literally walk to Times Square...and that's just if you want to leave because the rooftop was extremely hard to break away from. Perfect for a "nomadic" stay and super cozy. Will definitely be coming back and making my home at the Arlo.
bubble_50	My stay at the Arlo NoMad was nothing short of spectacular. As I arrived, I was greeted by Benjamin who was energetic, friendly, and thorough in explaining my accommodations. The entire front desk staff including Cordell, Mykal, Jeanelle, Paola, and Steven were always willing and ready to help. They only had to mention once that if I needed anything to merely ask and they would assist; they meant it. Being new to the city, I asked for recommendations for activities and was given many options, directions, and which train(s) I had to take. In addition to their amazing staff, the view from my room was breathtaking. Being that this is a micro hotel, the rooms are a bit smaller, but theyre very clean and equipped with a mini fridge and even a safe! I also enjoyed the rooftop bar
bubble_50	The team at Arlo Nomad NYC always make a positive impression with outstanding service but this visit was exceptional. Especially Steve went beyond my expectations  friendly & kind effort to ensure a quiet room & comfortable wait after I arrived early. Also Caroline & Myk.  Fantastic hospitality!
bubble_40	This hotel offers small rooms in the heart of Koreatown. The hotel is nice and well taken care of.  Rooms are small but some have great views of the city.  We went for our anniversary and they made us found a little present in our room... The atmosphere is casual and young.  The rooftop is definitely the best part. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	We went for our 10 year wedding anniversary and I had arranged flowers, drinks and chocolate strawberries for our arrival - all arrange by hotel staff without any problems - the staff were great throughout our stay also. The room is compact - but for all we used it for, it was perfect.  We pretty much only used the room to sleep and to wash before going out.  There is a room safe and mini fridge which is handy too.  The hotels rooftop bar was brilliant on the 4th of July to see the empire state building light up as well as fire works from surrounding areas of NY.  They offer wine and prosecco free of charge in the bar (cant remember what times) and they have a great bit at the lobby for grabbing a drink on the way out the door.  The hotel is in a great location in NY and you can
bubble_50	I loved staying at the Arlo Nomad this summer. The location is nearby lots of cool restaurants and Times Square, which made getting around the city super easy and convenient. The hotel rooms are quaint, but the spectacular views make up for it. Their team gives quality attention to every detail, which was much appreciated. I was greeted by Benjamin upon arrival, who was upbeat/friendly, and told me everything I needed to know about my stay. When I walked into my room I was wowed by the view, and the hand written note was a nice touch. Anytime I had questions/concerns, the front desk was accessible and prompt, no matter the time of day/night. The rooftop is also a fun experience - youll find more nice views and amazing drinks there. Many thanks to Mateo, Janelle, Gigi, Cordell,
bubble_50	This is great new place in midtown. The staff was great, the room was clean and the coffee was excellent! The hotel is in great location and the roof top bar with complimentary drinks is a nice way to start the evening. Thanks to Mike, he was so friendly and accommodating.
bubble_50	The hotel is great for urban explorers like us. We stayed there for 3 nights and were pleasantly surprised by the warm and friendly treatment from the staff. Our room was not too big but very well designed with a private terrace and comfortable beds. We have chosen this hotel because it is wheelchair accessible. The floor-to-ceiling windows reveal wonderful city view. We enjoyed delicious cocktails at the roof top bar. The bar has a unique sky walk glass floor installation which makes it perfect for taking wonderful photos. Thanks to the convenient location of the hotel we visited Madison Square Garden and some of the shops on Heralds Square.
bubble_50	My husband and I were going to see a show and choose to stay over. We had room 306 a lovely little room with a nice city view balcony. Everyone at Arlo was exceptional to work with. The room was delayed being available but no worries, the front desk staff was kind enough to offer us a few drinks on the house at the rooftop bar. The bar was fun and funky with great views of the Empire State Building.  The shower was fantastic. The only minor drawback I could see from the layout of the room was that the bathroom had a curtain not a door. It didnt bother me but it might bother some.  I wish I could stay here longer because one night doesnt feel like enough.
bubble_40	This place is awesome. Very trendy. Great views from the swanky rooftop bar complete with glass floor. King view room is New York small, but has killer views right from your bed.  Very happy we chose the Arlo NoMad.
bubble_50	We stayed one week for a visit in NY. Everything was perfect. The location is great. The staff was so helpful and very friendly. We took the hotel bikes twice. The rooftop bar is a wonderful place to stay. The barlo is a nice place to calm down after a hard day in the city.
bubble_40	I loved our stay there for several reasons. 1 helpful staff, 2 great location, 3 breathtaking views. Rooftop bar was also very nice. the room was not that spacious but cant complain because the style of the decor and the scenery outside of the window compensate.
bubble_50	I stayed at Arlo for my birthday night, this Sunday. The staff was so friendly, and respectable. I had been in New York for three days, so it was great to finally have people talk to me nicely. Haha!  They treated me so well, had a great surprise in my room, provided me with an upgrade and what not... The best part of my stay was the 5:30 to 7 Happy hour!!! FREE ALCOHOL... what more could you ask for!!!  Thank you so much. Special mention to Juliet from the bookings department, and Angie and the other people at the hotel reception. Thanks for the perfect B'day night!<3
bubble_40	PERFECT location for my meeting @ IBM nearby @ 105 Madison.  I know I was in NYC but this was the tiniest hotel room I have ever stayed in - in my life!  I stayed on the 22nd floor and the 3 elevators were quite slow.  However, room was comfortable enough for a one-nighter.  The rooftop bar was a plus. . . although you must drink from plastic 'glasses' and the breakfast the next morning was FANTASTIC!  They had three hot dishes and loads of incredible homemade breads and pastries and fresh fruits. . . tasty coffee and tea.  Super friendly staff both at the front desk and in the restaraunt.
bubble_50	Had a great stay. Super comfy room, very modern. Would highly recommend and would return in a heartbeat.   Awesome rooftop bar, with a young, hip vibe. Great library/work space on the second floor to get some work done. Super friendly staff, who were very accommodating.   FREE happy hour with Wine, champagne, beer and snacks! In NYC? Did I mention it was FREE?  Small rooms, but to be expected and they were very upfront about it. Bathrooms are very nice, but they don't afford much privacy if you are traveling with a friend and not a spouse/boyfriend/girlfriend. Rooms could have used a coffee/tea maker, but there was truthfully not much spare room for one.  Overall, a very good stay.
bubble_30	Having done my research I was pleased with what I found but I cant really give it more than 3/5.  The staff were all lovely so cant fault it there but theres a few gripes;  The hotel has 3 lifts. 1 of which only serves floors 1-8. I spent a lot of time waiting for the lift as my room was on 20th floor. This was further frustrated when one of the lifts that served all floors was out of action for a day.  The pricing system was off, I had emailed the hotel a couple of times before my arrival as I noticed the price had gone down since my initial booking. They always lowered the new lower price. Upon arrival I was then charged even less - I spoke to management about it who couldnt advise why. Dont get me wrong Im not complaining about getting the room cheaper but it defo felt
bubble_40	We stayed in the 31 story Arlo NoMad in July 2019 as a couple over the July 4th weekend.  We were greeted by the smiling lobby staff and our room was ready when we arrived around 2:30-3PM. The lobby was well designed and featured a modern sitting area and suspended staircase, as well as a small cafe where you can buy coffee or other bottled drinks. Our room included breakfast which we did not try. One of the best amenities is everyday from 5:30-7pm on the second floor is FREE happy hour (all youd like to drink wine/bubbly/beer). There is also a nice/but somewhat pricey rooftop bar for good views after happy hour, access from second floor.  ROOM Our room was quaint and efficient, as youd expect an NYC hotel to be. Our bed was only accessible from one side, as it had windows/a
bubble_20	Hostel feel in the foyer, and a 'cosy' room, clean and decent looking with amazing views if you get a room with a dual aspect on a higher floor. It's basic and feels like a boxy high end hostel. You get nothing included other than the room. If you buy a drink on the roof garden, you aren't allowed to sit down if there's an event which you have to pay full price for if you're staying here or not. Even if the place is still empty. It could have been done to a much better standard. They seem to be relying on the view and location from the rooms - if you have a view. Otherwise, a pretty disappointing stay and I'm sure others in the area with the same view are much better for your buck.
bubble_50	The rooms are just gorgeous with modern furniture and beautiful city views. Location is perfect, a couple of blocks away from flatiron and also from times square. The rooftop was awesome at sunset, truly a MOST.  Will definitely come back!
bubble_50	An incredible experience with accommodations, staff, lounge, and overall amazing time! From the check in to check out, everything was just friendly, efficient, and the food, drinks and atmosphere was amazing!
bubble_50	I loved this hotel good food, friendly staff and excellent location. The only suggestion I could make to improve the stay would be to include more hanging options in the rooms (Queen city room). There wasn't enough options after we got caught in a rainstorm and didn't have anywhere to dry our clothes in the room.
bubble_50	Rooms perfectly designed for comfort and the huge window and wonderful view meant the room was bright and airy and made up for the small size of the room. Very clean with nice toiletries.  The Arlo is great for young people, with a popular roof bar with great views. The staff are all young and very friendly.
bubble_50	From the front desk staff to the rooms and aesthetic, I think Arlo is the best in NY. We were given free coffee, drinks,  and treated with such care. They let us move up to a higher floor for a better view, and we loved every room we stayed in. Would reccrecom to friends, and stay in again myself.
bubble_50	Decor is pleasing in a light, open instagram-worthy way, with clean, extremely comfy bed and a small well-designed en suite. The location has a constant revival mode with every corner heaving a massive structure at you. Its heavy with 19th Century architectural gravitas thats having a make-over for a new breed of well-heeled 21st Century clientele.. My room, an upgrade for unseeable reasons,(but who is going to question the power of the universe?) to a premium king with charming private terrace was tops. Great location, comfort
bubble_40	I had a hard time finding this place due to all the scaffolding. I checked in and I thought I had booked one of the corner window rooms but apparently I had booked the basic room. The guy who was checking me offered to upgrade me to a room on a higher floor free of charge, which was very kind. The room itself was cool and the public spaces look just like the images online. But the room is smaller then I would have ever guessed. I could hear everyone on the floor flush their toilet. You could hear everything going on in amy of the rooms. So if that's your thing and would like to stay a cute hotel with a friendly staff, this is your place.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Arlo NoMad for the first time, and the experience was beyond exceptional. The staff in the lobby were very good; cudos to Ms Angie Ramos, who helped me alot. She directed me to a great restaurant, and genuinely cared about my stay in her hotel. I highly recommend this property. Great location, reasonably priced, Very clean, and great staff. THANK YOU, Angie! I'll be back again!
bubble_50	This was my second time staying at Arlo NoMad and there have definitely been a lot of improvements since my last stay. Many of the issues from my last stay 2 years ago have now been solved: the staff is now very helpful and friendly, the WiFi is speedy, they now have restaurants which I would recommend checking out, and the elevator now comes with minimal wait time. This time around everything was perfect! I hope they maintain their level of excellence because I'd love to come back!
bubble_40	Stayed here for one night with a group for a meeting. The rooms are small but functional, perfect for trips when you won't be spending a lot of time in your room. The meeting space was phenomenal for a small group with windows and a good catering menu. The views from the rooftop bar were spectacular, especially at night with the Empire State Building in the background. Cons - elevators are slow and the drinks at the bar aren't the greatest.
bubble_50	The stand out highlight of this hotel is the staff. The manager, Benjamin, was especially kind and helpful.  Every person we interacted with was positive and kind.  The rooms, though small as expected in Manhattan, were clean and comfortable.
bubble_50	Fantastic stay at Arlo Nomad. Our front desk agent, Benjamin made our stay extremely easy and comfortable. The view was amazing (highly recommend Kings room with sky view). Hotel matches with photos and rating accurately and service was awesome. Thales from the front service team was helpful and friendly. Thank you Arlo Nomad for the memorable experience in NYC.
bubble_50	I cant say enough positive things about this hotel. Everything about it was amazing. All of the employees are incredibly helpful, but the door men are the absolute best. We mentioned we were headed to the airport at 1pm, and when we arrived back at the hotel a black car was waiting and the door men had our luggage ready to go. The rooms are a bit in the smaller side, but are insanely clean and comfortable. The views are unlike anything I have ever experienced. The vibe is very young/fun but not loud or out of control.   And best of all - by far the best rooftop bar i have ever been to. Its literally overlooking the Empire State Building.
bubble_50	The hotel is hip and nice, but youd better pay more to get a room having good view. Bunker room has limited view fyi. And amenities is nice and restaurant was hip and rooftop bar is alao good. I want to visit there, and for the better view room.
bubble_50	I booked the queen sky room, on check-in I requested for the highest possible floor for this room type. With my floor request and coming two hours earlier, I was made to wait a couple of minutes... it was worth the wait. I was given a corner room with panoramic floor to ceiling window overlooking the empire state building. The room was small but it was clean and the furnishings are well appointed. Ideal for solo travelers like myself.
bubble_50	I have stayed at the Arlo three times now - twice at the Soho location and now once at the NoMad.  So, I can say with authority and from experience that the Arlo maintains a consistent quality of guest experience that is positive, welcoming, and fun while maintaining an obvious priority that the standards of the hotel are exceptional.  The rooms are really well thought out, very clean and nicely accessoried from great towelling to grooming products from The Blind Barber which are really wonderful.  The thing that really makes the Arlo stand out is the staff.  From the front door to the front desk to the bar/restaurants I was always made to feel welcome and taken care of exceptionally.  I recommend the Arlo really highly, it does not disappoint!
bubble_50	The Arlo NoMad was an excellent choice for our weekend stay. The room was clean,comfortable and the shower was great. We had a great time and the staff were all amazing. The location was close to MSG and many great restaurants and bars.  The rooftop bar and lounge is amazing as well with a spectacular view.
bubble_50	I stayed before in this hotel and I was not very impressed then however, someone is truly listening. While the rooms are small their beds are very comfortable and extremely clean. The entire front desk is extremely welcoming and will go the extra mile. Thank you Amil for making things easier.
bubble_50	Room was super ergonomic and the bed was extremely comfortable. I travel a lot and the most important thing to me is the shower head and this one was AWESOME. Great room I really liked it. The staff were super friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	This review is long overdue! Lets be clear, this is a semitypical New York City hotel with small hotel rooms. They make no qualms about letting you know that your space is not going to be palatial. When I first checked into the hotel, I went into this knowing that the rooms were going to be small. What I didnt expect, when I finally got to my room, was that I was staying in a very very small space that I simply could not tolerate from more than one night.   I contacted the front desk in spoke to an agent by the name of Angie Ramos. She literally turned a negative experience into an amazing one and because of her, this hotel has my business for life. They moved me into a larger room and not only did so graciously and happily, she followed up to make sure my room was OK,
bubble_50	Excellent hotel.  Young vibe.  Friendly staff everywhere.  Consistently greeted by smiling front desk when we arrived and left.  Cudos to Carly and Angie and Caroline.  Very clean.  Conveniently located.  Walkable to everything.   Highly recommended.  Perfect 10.
bubble_50	Our experience at the Arlo Nomad hotel was wonderful!! The staff and accommodations were excellent.... very personable and helpful in all situations! It was a unique experience in the smaller rooms, but was very enjoyable. The rooftop bar and views were amazing! Everything was just perfect!
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at the Arlo NoMad. The location was convenient to sights, Metro stations, etc. and the place had a nice vibe. The room was tiny but very clean and functional. We were celebrating an anniversary, and the staff sent up some complimentary wine and a nice note, which was much appreciated! Overall I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	We stayed at Arlo NoMad for our wedding anniversary trip to NYC. The rooms were small but well appointed and the hotel was in a great area. The hotel has a great rooftop bar, with views across the city and nice communal lobby space which we were able to use after we'd checked out before our flight.  That said, there were some small issues which put me off as a UK traveller returning. This included the lack of safe in our room, unsanitary shower curtain and cracked bedframe in our room.  We had a good stay but think these items should be addressed or explained during the check in/booking process in order to manage expectations.
bubble_50	We stayed in a Queen Urban room for 4 nights this past weekend and loved our stay. The hotel is clean, in a fantastic location, and everyone that we interacted with was warm, welcoming and friendly. We were there as a birthday present and they definitely made sure to make me feel special.  If you are worried about the size of the room, don't be. It is incredibly well designed and everything that you need is there. We were a couple that both came with carry on size luggage and a few extra bags, and we didn't have any trouble fitting in the room comfortably. The hotel includes bikes, as well as a happy hour from 5:30pm to 7:00pm where you can go and grab a glass of wine and a few snacks, in the cost of your room. This is a perfect time to come back to your room and get ready for
bubble_50	We spent our birthday weekend at Arlo Nomad and had the best time ever! We have been telling all of our friends about this incredible hotel and the great service that we experienced. 10/10 recommend this hotel and we are looking forward to returning again soon!
bubble_40	A nice clean and friendly hotel. The room was a little small and with the bathroom made up with glass panels not very much privacy. No tea or coffee making facility'which is a must for. The fire alarm went off while we staying but staff didn't seem to be bothered about clearing the hotel allowing people to hang about in the lobby with no explanation as to what was going on. People coming in and where going up to there rooms even tho the fire brigade had just arrived.
bubble_40	We are a couple from London, Im our Mid Twenties.   I really love the location of this hotel as its practically in the middle of everything, its two blocks down from the Empire state building, easy walk 7 minutes walk to the Flat Iron and a nice walk up to central park. Perfect base in my eyes.   Ive stayed in one of the basic rooms on level 13 with an Urban View, the room was tiny. My boyfriend and I was able to manage but it was a bit of a struggle at times. Urban View basically means you can see the back of apartment buildings, a lot of air con ducts and no view of the skyline. In the room you have toiletries that Arlo have had made by Blind Barber, the scent of the cream is the same scent of the lobby. I took one of the hand creams home with me, every time I used it
bubble_50	The Arlo NoMad provided an excellent New York experience.  The reception staff could not have been better:  friendly, helpful, welcoming and engaging.  Our room was crisp and clean with a delightful view.  The roof top patio/bar is a great place to see views of New York,  both during the day and night time.  The location is a short walk to Penn Station and very close to a subway stop. Plenty of good restaurants are nearby.  We will definitely stay at the Arlo NoMad again.
bubble_40	Chic hotel with all the amenities. Updated rooms with all you need. The restaurant was good. Friendly staff. Good location. Only downside was small room. But the fact that everything was high end makes up for it.
bubble_50	When the worst thing you can say about a hotel is that you sometimes had to wait a bit for an elevator, you know this is not only a quality hotel, but one that goes the extra distance to make guests feel welcome. When we checked in, we were served by the delightful Caroline who when she saw that we were in for four nights, gave us a bigger room (with a spectacular view of the Empire State Building at night) so we wouldn't feel cramped. After we had already checked out, coming back to get our bags hours later, rain-soaked, she insisted on serving us hot tea. It's the little things that made this superior hotel experience even more amazing.
bubble_50	We stayed at Arlo for 10 nights in April 2019, we just loved our stay. We got amazing upgrade to a sky view room in the 21st floor. The room for small but comfy, great views, comfy bed, great location and easy to get around. Loved happy hour, when we managed to make it back on time from sightseeing, it was a nice touch. The restaurant had nice food, maybe needed a bit more variety but good. Rooftop bar was closed but views were great from up there. Cant wait to return one day in the future. Thank you Arlo Nomad.
bubble_40	1st of all one of the 1st hotels that seems to make an active effort in reducing their footprint by having refillable Shampoo bottles and what seems to be recyclable water bottles   I hope they will make an even bigger effort behind the scenes  Our arrival wasn't flawless at all due to staff that didn't seem to be too interested in their job. Our of convenience they forgot to advise us that WIFI didn't work at all unless in the lobby. (Apparently the whole block ?)  Breakfast was outrageously expensive for the experience offered. Staff to busy looking good and looking cool. Coffee the cheap American filter type of coffee and the rooms were indeed tiny (But what an amazing view indeed)  Beautiful design, great view but the below average breakfast and the lackluster staff means I
bubble_50	Absolutely love my stay here. The room is small (as stated on their website) but has everything we needed. Good design elements and fun touches are everywhere in the hotel. The bed was super comfortable. I had one of my best sleep in weeks. The rooftop bar was really cute and the view was amazing. Be sure to check it out!
bubble_40	Very centrally located and convenient, close to subways, great food eg modern Korean and Japanese sushi seafood buffet. Staff are very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable, great recommendation for best modern Korean.
bubble_30	They are currently undergoing construction and didn't discount the room any.It was also very loud in the  morning.  Also be aware the rooms are INCREDIBLE SMALL. Which is somewhat normal for Manhattan but are normally cheaper. The amenity spaces are pretty, but were all booked so we couldn't use them. The roof top deck is beautiful! Hope for good weather.
bubble_50	Me and my boyfriend spent 2 nights at Arlo Nomad and we had an amazing staying. Very well located and clean with a super staff. Unfortunately the rooftop was closed for renovation, due to open in May, but from our room we could see the Empire State Building. We'll come back for sure!
bubble_30	Positive Floor to ceiling windows & view from the King Sky Room at 28th floor.  The room and the hotel appears to be really clean. The hotel has really good location.  The front desk and the accommodation staff were very polite and professional.  Negative Breakfast  to say there was a limited choice is definitely an understatement even for NY and especially for what the hotel is charging. Whats more, we had the breakfast included in our room rate and still each morning we were getting a full receipt including tips for the staff. I dont mind tipping the staff, but there was no service provided as it was a buffet breakfast.  I have never come across anything like it  very unprofessional & not a good practice especially for what weve paid for our stay. In the end the breakfast
bubble_50	Dont listen to the Grouches, weve stayed at quite a few places around NYC and we liked Arlo Nomad. If you do stay take full advantage - they really do (did!) offer a glass of wine from 6 to 7, a nice way to relax. You can also get access to a nearby gym if you ask. Plus they offer bikes, which are a great way to get round New York (even if you dont get one via the hotel its still worth taking a Citibike). The rooms at the Arlo are quite bijou, but well fitted out, modern and with very New York views. Shame they dont make a bit more of the rooftop bar (morning yoga?) it has an AMAZING view of the Empire State Building. All in all it gets two thumbs up from us, especially during the quieter months when roomrates in New York are, well, a bit less New York. Finally, a shout out
bubble_50	thanks for all the services, I stayed for weeks ago for our honeymoon a wonderful hotel a small room but with a wonderful view, everything very clean, excellent service, and the truth is quite recommended, in a good area, somewhat expensive but  It is worth every dollar, its aroma is wonderful
bubble_20	I was looking forward to staying at this hotel based on the photos on their website and some of the reviews, but after our stay, I would say it was not worthwhile and am not able to recommend this hotel to others. At check-in, we were told that the room we had reserved was not available due to some maintenance issues and would have to stay in a different room for a night. So sorry. We also found out the rooftop bar was closed for renovations. So sorry.  The rooms themselves were very small, with floor to ceiling windows, but only a small closet and no drawers for storing clothes. We basically had to live out of our suitcases. That and there was no room to walk around the bed, so you had to crawl over the bed to get to the other side. There was only a desk chair (without a desk)
bubble_50	First, let me address, it is a micro-hotel. So yes, the rooms are quite small. BUT, everything (including the room itself) makes up for it. The bathroom is gorgeous, and you can easily move around. There's a place under your bed for your luggage (we had 2 big and 2 smallsuitcases and 2 hand bags) and everything is very well designed to not make it feel small. The room was always very clean, and they even folded our clothes on to the bed.  We had room 2810, and the view was amazing, we didn't want to leave the hotel room at times.   The hotel reception workers are incredibly nice and help you with your every wish and commands, on tips about what to do to bringing your packages on your room. There are complimentary drinks every night, and there's always something fun to do at the
bubble_50	Loved this hotel. Small rooms (you know that going in), but great deal for the price. Everything is modern, clean, and new. Great location as you can walk from Penn Station (or from the DC bus drop-off). Older kids can stay in the bunk bed rooms. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	This Urban Chic New York gem truly delivers.  The rooms are perfectly equipped and well thought out.   I have to point out the this hotel has excellent showers no better way to start your day.  Everything was comfortable and well placed.  Friendly warm staff and excellent service.  Can't wait to go back!
bubble_50	The room I had was tiny but everything I needed for a one-night stay. Despite the small footprint of the room, every possible amenity was provided and there were thoughtful design touches throughout. The vibe in the common areas was clean, energetic, comfortable, and stylish. The staff here are beyond friendly, especially Caroline at the front desk - she was genuinely great! There's a 24-hour bodega/coffee counter downstairs and Massino restaurant on premises. The hotel is less than 15 minutes away on foot from Penn Station and is accessible to several subway lines in the NoMad neighbourhood. For those wanting to stay close to mid-town but not right in the middle of it, Arlo NoMad ticks all the boxes. I am already planning my next stay!
bubble_30	My fianc and I visited Arlo Nomad last week for 8 days. He had come to New York for business and I joined him for the trip. Ihave listed below the positives and negatives about the hotel:  Positives: - The location is fantastic and close to key avenues in NYC and tourist attractions as well as to the subway. - There is an amazing view from the hotel roof top of the Empire State Building. - Some of the staff are particularly welcoming and friendly.  - There was a beautiful lounge area in which you could sit and have drinks with sofas and games. - There was free happy hour in the bar from 5 - 7 and you could get unlimited snacks and wine! - Although some of the staff were a little confused about the fitness options I was given a Zeamo account which gave access to lots of local
bubble_50	This trendy hotel is very well located in Manhattan, walking distance of all main attractions. The hotel is very clean, the rooms are small but perfect. They serve wine and finger food for free between 5 and 7pm every day.  The staff is nice, and helpful. Zac was very nice when my girlfriend lost her iPhone at our arrival. We strongly recommand !
bubble_50	My sister and I visited New York City for the first time, and we had no idea what to expect. Our stay at the Arlo NoMad more than exceeded our expectations. After a long redeye flight, we were warmly welcomed by Gigi, who was able to check us into our room way before we had planned - an unexpected blessing. Gigi even wrote us amazing breakfast recommendations!  The room was perfect for a quick weekend trip: a comfy bed, clean amenities, great shower with pleasant water pressure. Bonus: the soap, shampoo and conditioner all smell AMAZING.  My sister had an unfortunate incident where she dropped her phone down the elevator grate, but Carlos at the front desk was our superhero! He arranged for the mechanic to try to retrieve her phone, and it was not only found in perfect
bubble_50	This is a Very cool and stylish place.  Rooms a little small but still very enjoyable and great experience.  Great location not far from Empire State Building.   Bellman Tashi was super helpful several times.
bubble_50	The hotel was located within walking distance of shops and sight seeing. It was also right near great bars and restaurants.  The hotel staff always greeted you and offered assistance. The hotel was going through some renovations but you couldnt tell as they did very well to hide it and maintain an awesome vibe in the lobby and common area. The wifi in the hotel was also extremely good.  The only thing I could fault about the hotel was the rooms were so little small, but thats probably to be expected when staying in New York.  We would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	If I could give more than 5 stars I would. From arrival to departure we were blown away with the views, location and the customer service the hotel staff provided. The staff were more than accommodating and helped us out with a Queen sky room for our 5 day stay. A gentleman called Sebastian from the reservations team sorted us a fantastic price for my girlfriends 21st Birthday and my first time in New York. A guy called Benjamin was also very helpful with our room change and emailed me with any changes or to let me know when the room was ready. Nothing was too much of an ask. The door staff and each person on reception each day were friendly and always smiling. The layout and trendy appearance of the hotel was exceptional. The smell as soon as you walked into the hotel was
bubble_50	I was really impressed by our stay in Arlo NoMad. The hotel was very clean with really awesome decor. Attention to details was outstanding. Hotel employees were very friendly, polite and accommodating. They were happy to give a recommendation or direction to wherever you needed to go.Hotel is conveniently located. I am really happy we decided to stay there.
bubble_50	Amazing location and friendly twenty four hour staff in the city that never sleeps. Great rooms with mind blowing views. Roof top bar. Great coffee. Everything you need to feel like a part of life in NYC.
bubble_50	I recently stayed here for three nights and can honestly say it was such a great place to stay! The hotel had such a cool vibe and the staff was very helpful and nice. It was only the two of us so the hotel room was perfect, but if you are traveling with a larger group be aware that the rooms are small.   Overall, it was such an awesome place and I definitely recommend staying here!
bubble_50	Yvyimme kaksi yt Arlossa hmatkamme aikana, ja olimme enemmn kuin tyytyvisi. Saimme ihanan huoneen ylimmst kerroksesta ja nkalat olivat huikeat. Huone oli siisti ja meit odotti sngyll ylltys hmatkamme kunniaksi. Henkilkunta oli todella ystvllist ja onnittelivat meit jo sisnkirjautuessa.  Really enjoyed those two nights here, the staff was really nice and professional and because it was our honeymoon they congratulated us when we checked in and there was also a surprise waiting in the room. Our room was on the highest floor and those views were amazing. Room was really clean and perfect for us. Highly recommend!
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at Arlo Nomad hotel two nice.  We were given a great room on the 28th floor with views to the Empire State Building.  The staff was very nice and the room was super clean.  We will come back!  Thank you for a great stay Arlo!
bubble_30	Overall the hotel is decent for NYC. Don't expect a large room it fits comfortably for 1 person, and if 2 people it's a tight squeezed. No room for large luggage. Hotel provided 2 bottles of water of which you can refill, but no other beverages for the room ( I guess no room and extra expense). For ladies bring your own shower cap. Apart from that the library was nice, and with the happy hour was a good service.  However, the hotel is central to all the tourists sites. Presently, there are many constructions nearby and there doesn't seem to be any restrictions regarding the noise (it seems to start at 4/5 A.M).
bubble_30	150 sq ft is really small.relatives came to meet us and had to enter single file.the room was small but functional.it did not lhave any perks such as coffee maker.being midtown we did not expect much but this was even a little less than expected.on the positive side the view fdorm the roof was exceptional and the room was clean.
bubble_50	The Arlo NoMad was amazing! Super clean, right in midtown Manhattan, and Caroline at the front desk was nice enough to upgrade me to a nicer room with an amazing view.  There was also a complimentary wine and cheese tasting.  Would definitely come back!
bubble_50	My daughter and I had a great 5 night stay at Arlo Nomad. The location is great - walking distance to many sites. We had a bunk room that was small but very cleverly laid out so it worked easily for two people. The bathroom was large and spacious. The hotel has a number of other shared spaces that we didnt use but if one person wanted some space in the room there are other areas in the hotel to head to. Amazing roof top view. We had our first night in room 509 and then moved up to 1509. The second room was significantly bigger and much better being higher up so would recommend trying to get a room in the upper levels.
bubble_50	Staff is incredibly friendly and were able to help with all my needs.  Rooms arent huge but are comfortable and clean. Amenities are great. In a very accesible part of town. Will definitely stay here again!
bubble_10	Very Austere rooms more akin to a youth hostel experience. The rooms lacked normal amenities like an iron, tea/coffee facilities, mini bar or bottles of water. No laundry bag included nor information on the hotel. Rooms were noisy with constant elevator noise.  Engagement with staff to request a laundry bag was very unsatisfactory. I requested a bag for laundry and despite being told it would be up immediately waited 30 mins. When I visited the lobby to collect the bag myself I was told 30 minutes was not long and that this hotel wasn't like other hotels when I said it would be unacceptable anywhere else.
bubble_50	I have stayed at this property five times now - and love it more every time I stay there. The rooms have just what you need. It's all so well maintained and comfortable. The room is always quiet and perfectly clean, which is exactly what you need after a day of running around New York City. The staff is genuinely kind and have always treated me with respect and kindness. I am very picky with where I stay and I absolutely love Arlo NoMad. The quality is outstanding. It's a gem.
bubble_40	This hotell has a great location near 5th ave. We were a group of 12 and for us it was great since we also wanted breakfast included. The rooms are small but ok. Great beds and standard. I heard my next neighbor snoring so be aware of that. Breakfast was great although the personel didn't seem to know how to deal with those that had breakfast included in the price. Although the staff was very nice and kind.
bubble_20	We were profiled twice and questioned about whether we were really guests of the hotel. When returning from a resturant outside of the hotel, two greeters or lobby security asked us if we needed help, stopping us and we said no we are just returning. He hesitated and then let us go. When we were waiting for the elevator to arrive he, and another man came by and once again asked us if we needed help when we were not struggling, just sitting. He asked us if we had our room keys to once again verify if we were guests. I understand if someone may look lost you can approach them but for it to happen twice is very rude.
bubble_30	Arlo NoMad is a stunning hotel and the location is great for Penn Station, Empire State Building & Flat Iron. However, the room had maintenance issues which made the stay less than enjoyable.   The knob to hold the shower curtain up fell off, hence our bathroom was soaked every time we showered. There were exposed holes in the woodwork as the stickers covering them kept falling off. The bathroom sink only had icy cold water, not too sure if that is the case for all or only ours, but it was uncomfortable as it was winter.   To be fair, we did not notify the reception about our problems as we were out most of the day and we only stayed two nights.  It is a shame as the hotel would have been lovely otherwise.
bubble_40	This is a terrific property within easy walking distance of Madison Square Park, Koreatown, and the design shops on lower Madison Avenue. Easy walking to Penn Station and Grand Central.  I had a queen room with a city view. The room was basically a glass box with floor to ceiling windows on two sides with the the bed situated in between. It was like floating on air. A great sleeping experience but beware these rooms are tiny. The bathroom is generously sized for a small room and has a beautiful shower.  The room is really for one person maybe two people as long as you both like to be out and about - its not big enough for lounging which is fine by me - go out, you are in NY! The common areas are comfortable with a great little to-go kitchen and coffee. The bar is small but
bubble_40	Ive just returned from here staying on the 12th floor. I must say the hotel is very clean, comfortable and it was a very enjoyable experience.   But.   I am a light sleeper at the best of times. Although my partner is not. There was a considerable noise throughout our stay. We thought it was maybe the noise of the counter weight in the lift banging against the building or something like that. But there must be stairs with fire doors in a service stairwell. My god. If I heard that door bang once I must have heard it 500 times during my stay. All hours of the night and day. Its very annoying once it wakes you up.   Maybe its only myself who has heard this as Im light sleeper but I would suggest some soft closers on these doors!!!
bubble_50	We have just got back from a weeks stay at the Arlo NoMad. If you are considering staying here then you have to now!!  Firstly, the NoMad is in a great location. As first time visitors to NYC we werent sure about which area to stay in. The hotel is within walking distance to all the main sites. Most days we were able to go back to the hotel after a long days walk to chill out and then go out again for dinner. Its only Two blocks away from the subway which made it easy to get to and from the airport with all our luggage.   The hotel very kindly gave us a room upgrade to a high floor city view, which was so nice to arrive to after a long day of travelling. All the staff were so friendly, helpful all week with anything we needed. The hotel has a late check out time of 12pm and
bubble_50	The decor is amazing and hip. The floor to ceiling windows provide a view that is spectacular in every way. (Queen Sky Room). We asked for a high room with a view of the Empire State building and within a day our wish was granted. The common areas are designed with many unique and beautiful touches. Love the library room and lounge on the 2nd floor.   The rooftop has one of the best views of the city at night. Stunning.  A lovely handwritten card and bottle of champagne for Anniversary was another special touch. This is a place where the people take special pride in always being friendly and accommodating when at all possible. The location is perfect midtown and gives you easy access to the wonders of the city.   The entire staff was wonderful from housekeepers to maintenance
bubble_50	Paola and her team are wonderful. On a chilly March day we instantly felt the warmth upon arrival. Ive never stayed at a hotel offering more value for the money. The complimentary drink during happy hour was a nice surprise. Thank you for a great stay!
bubble_50	Had an excellent two night weekend stay at Arlo Nomad. The hotel has a chic vibe but is not pretentious at all. From the time we checked in, the staff was helpful and polite. Our room was wonderfully decorated and the space is efficiently used. Furnishings were comfortable and the bed made for a good night sleep after a night out. Although the room is small, the large window makes it feel more expansive and we never felt closed in. Best part of our stay was we got to see the sunset from their amazing roof deck! Only feedback is that the Barlo staff was not very friendly and they closed the two larger spaces for a private events making it hard to find a space to enjoy a cocktail and conversation.
bubble_50	Gabriel and Carlos were amazing ! Thank you for the great service and making our New York trip memorable !! Will definitely be returning and recommending Arlo NoMad! Also the food on the main floor is delicious ! Thanks again
bubble_50	The best. Customer service. The best. Bartenders. The best. Baristas. The best. Front desk. Omg. Had the greatest experience here. Small room with a bunk bed but it was so cool. Great showers. Stay here. Its awesome. Were back in September.
bubble_50	Arlo NoMad was an awesome hotel from the minute we arrived until the minute we departed!  Caroline at the front desk went out of her way to make us feel welcome. Cocktails in the library was a perfect way to take a break after a full day of sightseeing. The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable. Centrally located, it was perfect for our urban adventure in NYC!
bubble_50	I just returned from a week long holiday in NYC and staying at Arlo Nomad make my trip even worth remembering. It's a true boutique hotel with a free happy hour for the guests and a rooftop with awesome view of Manhattan. Starting from the check-in and to the check-out, everything was PERFECT! Steven Lantigua gave us a complimentary upgrade for a special occasion for which I was traveling with my partner. The room has great views overlooking the stunning Empire State building and good size room to easily accomodate two people. The bathroom was rather spacious and toiletries were really nice too. Upon arrival, we found a bottle of prosecco and chocolate to welcome us for the special occasion. It was incredible. We were also offered 20% discount on food and beverages at the hotel
bubble_50	Just back from Arlo NoMad after 3 night stay. All I can say is wow wow wow.  I was a bit nervous as Id had to book secretly for wifes 40th but no need From arriving late and very tired on Wednesday to a very friendly welcome staff simply are the best. Got given our room and simply enquired if we could possibly go a little higher which was greeted with come and see us in morning and see what we can do. Room was lovely clean and well laid out and beds so comfortable.   Next morning popped down and enquired about going higher and was told to come back in afternoon to see what they could do for us. Left bags packed and came back for the news just to get better than ever expected bags moved. They had moved us to 29th floor and opened curtain to see Empire State just the best view
bubble_50	The staff here are the best!!! Literally everyone....front desk, bodega barista, happy hour hostess.... were friendly, accommodating, and made our stay perfect.  Hotel is fun, clean with great lobby spaces!! Excellent location and we would love to visit again!!
bubble_50	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Arlo NoMad. Although we were old enough to be the parents of the majority of the guests, we loved that! The rooms are small but we were very comfortable. And when we wanted to have a more comfortable place to read, we went to one of many salons on the 2nd floor. In particular, the bed was super comfortable and to me that's worth a lot! We were there to see the A-10 basketball tournament at the Barclays Center which was an easy walk to Harold Square, 4 stops and as you ride up on the escalator, there was the entrance to the arena. Could not have been easier. Fantastic restaurants near the hotel. The staff is exceptional. We will definitely return! My only complaint was that the bathroom in the room would have been better with more privacy.
bubble_50	We stayed there for three nights and were very happy with everything, amazin staff and atmosphere helps you relax and enjoy the stay. Clean, neat and friendly. Very happy that we chose to stay here and will be happy to do it again.
bubble_50	With its very pleasant, super efficient micro rooms, Arlo Nomad offers great location, classy accommodations and even a view for a reasonable price (at least, by NYC standards). Very highly recommended.
bubble_50	Ive stayed at this hotel two times now and plan to have it be my go to hotel when in New York. The service is spot on, the rooms are smallish but incredibly comfortable and well designed so compactness isnt problematic, its resourceful! The lounge area is well appointed for workstations or hanging out, very nice natural light in the room. And the rooftop bar is an incredible place to hang out - amazing view!! I found the staff to be particularilly friendly, attentive and efficient.
bubble_50	Loved it from start to end and will always return to this hotel when going back to NY! First of all, we booked a queen standard room but emailed if it was possible to get a room with a view (as it was my birthday weekend). They responded quickly and offered us free upgrade to a city view room, so kind! We actually were given one of their best rooms (29th floor, highest floor) with views from our bed at the Empire State Building and beautiful skyline of NY. Ill never forget this view and loved waking up to it every morning. They even left me a birthday card and chocolates as well! And that smell in the hotel.. I miss that smell haha, it always smelled so fresh everywhere.  Some people complain about the room size and although the rooms arent big, they surely are big enough. We
bubble_50	We stayed at Arlo Nomad for 4 nights in February before heading off on another holiday. We had a lovely welcome and were celebrating my other halfs 50th birthday, they upgraded our room and left a lovely message in the room on our arrival. The staff were all very friendly and the room was clean, warm and comfortable with fabulous views, it wasnt massive but if you were organised there was plenty of space, amazing shower too! Free wine happy hour was a another great perk! We walked everywhere from the hotel and saw plenty, didnt even need to use the subway it was a fab location, Have recommended to all my friends and when we hopefully return to NYC Arlo Nomad will be our first choice to stay!
bubble_50	1.  They gave me a room at 7 AM.  can't guarantee they'll do that for you but they went the extra mile when I showed up after a long flight. 2.  Rooms are bright, minimalist, clean, perfect for business travel. 3.  Everything is colourful and friendly.   4.  Spacious and inviting work room. 5.  Centrally located.
bubble_50	My brother and I stayed one night unexpectedly at Arlo Nomad 11 E. 31 St NYC when we found out our Norwegian Cruise was leaving a day late! ( who does that?) We were so upset and the crew at Arlo could have not made our stay BETTER! The people who work here, Paola and Caroline just to name two, really went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and happy. Our room had the biggest bunk beds and we each had our own TV at our feet. The Smell of the entire hotel is to die for. Ive traveled the World and never have I been in a more Comfortable and laid back place. The shower could fit 6 people in it and the toiletries are 5 Star yum! You can go in many rooms throughout the hotel and relax on chairs and couches you would find in your grandmothers homes. I will NEVER stay
bubble_50	I rarely splurge on hotels, but I did this time for a well-deserved rest from work. The hotel is in a perfect location for exploring Manhattan and I was able to walk and catch the bus to all of the sights I had on my list. There were countless restaurants in the area ranging from economical to the "latest fad", all good food. I spent a few nights in a Queen Sky (29th floor) and then a few more nights in a Queen Urban (26th). The views were amazing and an excellent way of having a restful stay with a peerless panorama of the city. Free wireless speeds were impressive, perfect for my videoconferencing needs. There were beautiful public spaces for work and socializing. The housekeeping, reception desk, and restaurant staff were all efficient and very friendly. As someone traveling
bubble_50	The hotel is beautiful, I don't even know where to start from to describe how much I loved it.    The staff (I literally mean ALL of those who gave us service at some point: Gabriel, Steven, Angie, Carlos, Dawa & Bolivar) were so nice and helpful, everything we asked for was taken care of right away and all of them made us feel welcomed & at home.    The room was great and felt a lot larger than it really is, clean, no dust! (I'm allergic) & comfy, the shower was THE BEST shower I've ever had in hotels worldwide (and I'm traveling A LOT).  The decoration up to the small details made such a cosy & NY'ISH atmosphere and it was pleasant to sit in the Lobby on both floors.   The quality of the amenities (and OHH - the fragrant!) made my day, I ended up purchasing some to take home,
bubble_50	I stayed at the Arlo Nomad from February 20-22nd and I loved my stay! From the check-in to checkout I loved the experience and everything went seamless! Upon arrival Steven checked me in at the counter and he was so nice and accommodating! I asked if there were any upgrades available since my birthday had just passed(didnt get to celebrate)a few days prior; and the day of there werent any slightly bigger rooms but he said that there would be the next day and to check back with them around 3 pm.   I didnt really expect much but the next sure enough Steven placed all the notes in the computer and when i went back down to check at 3 pm like he said to do, he had an upgraded room available! I was so ecstatic! Not only that, but an hour later Steven called to make sure everything
bubble_50	I chose the Arlo NoMad primarily as it was a few doors away from my old apartment so I knew it was in a great central location and easy to get everywhere on foot. It also looked new and  shiny like it hadnt been open long, and all of the reviews I read beforehand were generally positive apart from a few comments regarding the room size.  I arrived for a 5 night stay and check in was swift and friendly. My room was mid-floor at the back so lovely and quiet, though you can pay extra for a room with more of a view. The room was small but it was cleverly designed with all available space being well used, the furnishings were good quality and contemporary, in all it was ideal for me as a solo traveller.  The hotel has a fabulous roof top terrace with 360 views including the Empire
bubble_50	LOVE this property.  HH lounge situation is terrific, rooms are clean, modern, cozy.  Everyone on staff is SO kind and friendly, Paola Munoz is especially terrific (lobby host).  Great location, can't wait to go back.
bubble_50	Huge thank you to Zac and the rest of Arlo NoMads staff for making our trip brilliant. Zac was so friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived, and even managed to get us an upgrade in an incredible room. The hotel is definitely worth a visit, and we will be back!
bubble_50	As a native New York, I have high expectations when it comes to hotels. Arlo Hotel is my favourite hotel in NYC. A hotel experience starts with the people and the staff are the best that I have come across in all my travels. They are attentive and friendly and make you feel welcome the minute you enter. Some other highlights... great common rooms if you need to work, daily complimentary happy hour for guests with a sampling of Arlo's delicious pizza, free classes at Tone House or access to New York Sports Club for fitness junkies, nice products in the rooms and high powered rain showers! Plus we were able to book a private room for a business meeting for a great value. Thanks for making New York still feel like home!
bubble_50	I started planning a trip for my father at the end of the Summer, he doesn't travel often and I wanted to make this special for him. Gabriel at the front desk has been wonderful in assisting me to have special surprises in the room upon arrival. He also sent over a list of recommendations for some of our plans that I needed assistance with. His responses were kind and thoughtful.  As someone who works in the hospitality industry I can say they have already made a wonderful impression which has made me even more excited for the upcoming visit. I will be sure to update after our stay!
bubble_50	Carlos on reception has impeccable service. Looked after us for 3 nights. Nothing was too much for this hotel. The rooms are small but clean and perfect for a break in New York. Priced very well as other hotels in New York can be very expensive. Lovely lounge areas and bar with a classy restaurant. Again CARLOS on reception needs a pay rise
bubble_50	The hospitality of the staff is amazing, especially Paola and Gigi, who makes us always feel home away from home!  Weve been at the hotel frequently, and all the facilities at the hotel and the rooms are always great. For sure this is the best hotel and staff in NYC!
bubble_50	My experience at the Arlo Nomad was amazing!! Great accommodations, lounge coffee bar, and vibe. A huge shoutout to Paola Munoz for being such an amazing host. Made sure I was taken care of from the moment I walked in to the moment I left. One of the best hotel experiences ever!
bubble_50	I had the pleasure of staying at this warm hotel for 4 nights. It was clean, the staff was so accommodating and I will stay here for all my future NYC trips. Caroline at the front desk was pretty much perfect and had the perfect balance of warmth and professionalism. 5/5, 10 stars!
bubble_40	our room was tiny.  it was so cool.  ceiling to floor windows.  the hotel has a nice cafe that was always open.  there was a happy hour where they offered free wine, beer and snacks to the guests each evening.  we enjoyed that before we went out for dinner.
bubble_50	My husband and I had such an amazing time at Arlo Nomad. Caroline was an incredible host and the rest of the staff was so friendly and helpful. It was my husbands birthday and he said it was such a great place to stay for a weekend in the city. Well definitely be back!
bubble_40	We checked in on Feb 10. Our stay was perfect until 4:22 am in the morning on Feb 11 - our neighbors checked in. They were obviously excited about the view and how small the room was. The gentleman kept shouting (yeah, shouting): oh my god, oh my god, oh my god... I believe the entire floor woke up after they checked in. After the couple settled in, the gentleman kept yelling oh my god for about 20 times. Thank goodness I fell back to sleep around 5:30 am, which was after they finished all their "on my gods".   The hotel is definitely great, but I'm just amazed by how inconsiderate people can be... If I ever had to check in a hotel early, I would keep those "on my gods" to myself causing other people are sleeping!!!!
bubble_50	Stayed here last week for 3 nights.  Staff were super-friendly and helpful without being pushy.  Hotel has a really laid back vibe.  Digital detox was a nice touch too. Rooms were small but we had read previous reviews so were expecting that and we found we had quite enough space, plus we were out most of the time anyway.  A trip to the roof well recommended for amazing views.  Would thoroughly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for 3 nights for a work trip. It was overall a great experience. The rooms are pretty small, but space is well-allocated and everything was very clean. Anyone who reads my reviews knows that I am a stickler for bathrooms and this one was great. Some very small rust issues on the tile grout, but otherwise not a huge deal. Each room has a massive floor to ceiling window that lets in a lot of natural light, allowing the room to feel larger than it is. The bed was comfortable and there was very minimal street noise, which is great for NYC. The location was very convenient as it's not in the middle of the typical tourist-y areas, but it's very well-connected and easy to get around. There's a lounge on the 2nd floor of the hotel for guests only which is an
bubble_50	The staff were so incredibly friendly and welcoming. We got there early in the day and they were very accommodating in getting us a room as soon as possible, even though  we were there far before check-in.The staff were also great with providing recommendations about things to do in the area.  The room was a bit small but it was advertised as such on the website - no one comes to NYC to stay in a hotel room all day anyway!
bubble_50	One of the best micro-hotels in NY! The rooms r micro but comfy and the hotel offers so much space for u to chill - great restaurant- coffee bar- bars through the hotel- happy hour - comp wine and snacks -artist &comedy club- - friendly front desk  staff!great location! definitely worth the stay - Will definitely be back !
bubble_50	Just returned from the Arlo Nomad and have to say, this is the best hotel Ive stayed out. Lovely quirky rooms. Hotel staff very helpful and welcoming. Well situated - right near the Empire State! Although we didnt spend much time in the room, it was homely when we were there. Housekeeper cleaned, tidied and left clean towels everyday! We got an upgrade upon arrival as it was my partners 30th. Just gutted we had to leave a lovely hotel and amazing city.
bubble_40	Kudos to all the folks at the front desk who delivered an exceptional service level, from checking in (I expressed concerns over the size of the room and the agent kindly asked if I would want to look at the room and decide if I want to switich room type), to handling the valet parking, to delivering my luggage to my room, to providing info about the event happening that evening (wine hours), to dealing with my 5am coffee desire, to the whole check out (I asked if I can go grab lunch before picking up my car, the agent said she would go ahead to have the car ready at the hotel whenever I decided to come back)... so it really comes down to the touch of personalized service to seperate itself from its competition. On that, kudos to the team.   I have to mention that this is my
bubble_50	This was a lovely hotel and all the staff were friendly and welcoming . Loved the style of the hotel and atmosphere! Bar and food good and liked the 24hr kiosk! Rooms whilst small had everything you needed and no complaints! Would come here again definitely ! Highly recommend it! Rooftop fab!
bubble_50	We stayed a full week in NYC and the Arlo NoMad hotel was the best hotel we could have to enjoy the city! The location is perfect to visit every important spots and the staff is very nice, helpful and careful! Thanks to the staff we could have tickets for The Lion King very easily and last minute, one of the best moment of our trip!!!! I recommend 100% this hotel that has beautiful bedrooms with an amazing view on the Empire State Building. I hope to come back to NYC and to Arlo very soon!
bubble_50	My friend and I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for 5 nights. I booked it through Expedia.  We ended up having a few issues with our room on the first night.  I sent feedback to Expedia during the night saying the hotel was wonderful, apart from a few things. When I woke up in the morning, I had a lovely message from Mateo asking us to go have a chat with him before we headed out for the morning.  Mateo was the night manager. He was my favourite person we met on the whole trip. He totally understood our issues and told us he'd be able to change our room for when we got back that evening. When we arrived back we went to our new room and were so overwhelmed with delight - we had a view of the Empire State Building. This, honestly, made our trip to NYC so magical. I sat on the windowsill
bubble_50	Can't say enough great things about Arlo. We booked online after a quick Google search, and loved (1) the budget friendly price, (2) the awesome location right by K-town where we stuffed our faces, (3) cozy & creative design/decor of the space.   The in-person experience was even better. People are kind, service is quick, and we were pleasantly surprised throughout our 1-night stay. Hot chocolate in the lobby to greet us, free champagne/wine for happy hour on the second floor (Yes, please!). Also appreciated that they had taken up our bags (that we had left when we arrived too early for check in) to our room as soon as it was ready.   My friend and I booked the Bunk Beds. Though the room was smaller than anticipated, it didn't bother us in the least. It was clean, cute, cozy.
bubble_40	I stayed here by myself in a king sky room in January. The rooms as many mentioned previously are small and compact but they are really well designed. Small bathroom, but included a good sized shaving cabinet to store all bathroom ammenities. I lucked out and got a room on the South east corner on the 24th floor and had an ok view but I was fine with it - I was stoked that after arriving early on my check in date that a room was available. Service at the front desk was excellent as was in the restaurant. The wine hour was a little lack lustre but hey...free wine! Awesome position close to much of what NYC has to offer, I stayed in the LES for a few nights and then had to head north so when I returned I wanted to be in a diff area and was really happy with Arlo Nomad. Would stay
bubble_30	I can't give this hotel a good or bad review as we did not actually stay there.  We booked a room, checked in and did actually go to our room.  Unbeknownst to us, this is considered a "micro hotel".  I had never heard of this before.  We walked into the room and if I had to guess it was around 150sq.ft.  For those of you who are confused, this amounts to a 10' x 15' room (total of bathroom, bedroom, king bed, etc.).  You literally have to climb over the bed to get to the other side.  The bed is surrounded by the wall on the back, window on the side and window on the front.  There is no room to walk around the bed.  There are also no closets to speak of or really any room to lay out your suitcase.  Within 5 minutes we had booked a room at a nearby hotel and left.  The hotel
bubble_50	Cool and crowded vibe. Staff are very helpful & really go out of their way to assist guests.  Yes the rooms are squishy. Difficult to store your bags, fortunately there are under-bed drawers, otherwise you would be forever stepping over suitcases, there is no room to step around them. Think of a boat cabin.  Our room did have great views with floor to ceiling windows. Other common areas of the hotel have a bit more space, but only slightly. Perhaps the best thing about this hotel is the wonderful rooftop bar, offers the quintessential Manhattan experience.  Lots of dangerous cocktails on 4 July got even more dangerous for us when we met the local tequila distributor and joined the independence day festivities, Hey the fireworks are nothing on Sydney but when you are partying
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed at Arlo NoMad during our honeymoon in December 2018/January 2019. It was a well-appointed hotel with friendly staff and within walking distance to some major attractions. Our room was small but well-designed with space to store luggage under the bed and the most amazing rain shower. One downside was the elevators tend to get busy in the evenings and we had to wait for quite a while on a few occasions to get up to our floor.
bubble_50	Benjamin at the front desk was originally very friendly and helpful. We then found all of the staff to be cheerful friendly and helpful. What a nice room we had. The rooftop lounge was beautifull too.  Hopefully well return and stay longer next time.
bubble_30	Okay, first up, the positives. Very sweet staff, clean rooms, very hip. Cannot say enough how nice the staff was. Ill be honest- first hotel Ive ever sat on the bed staring at my husband in disbelief (well tried to but honestly we were too close and I couldnt focus on him) and then walked back out, ate the cost and went to another hotel. The reviews say small rooms. Really? I stayed on a catamaran that had a bigger bedroom. So, what you need to know is that this is a micro hotel. What?? I didnt know these existed. We booked it as it was part of an event we were going to. It looked cute online so sure. There are no closets (okay, theres a cubicle with a door), a one bottom hallway and to get to other side of the bed you have to crawl across the bed. This is all fine...but
bubble_20	Very friendly staff, check in with Angie was excellent, Rooms are small but they have bad design and not friendly facilities. Good big shower, Cold temperature in winter, very noisy heating system. Lobby and lounge have good design. Ratio quality / price is poor. Go to a real **** hotel with same price, bigger rooms. Tricky hotel deal, overpriced.
bubble_40	Room is nice but tad small, staff are excellent being very engaging and polite.   Location is great, just a few minutes away from most of the classic landmarks and attractions.  I'd like to give a shout to Gabriel in the reception for exquisite service, and likewise to Asa at the bar for making me a recommendation list and healthy conversation
bubble_50	Excellent value -- rooms mag be small but clean, modern and new with a terrific cleaning team. Location is ideal with many restaurants, shops, and transportation nearby. Along with front desk staff and housekeeping, Tashi always greeted us with a warm smile and went out of his way to make sure we were comfortable (especially with the infant child that we had) -- he was really awesome! Hats off to a wonderful crew!
bubble_50	I absolutely LOVED our stay at Arlo Nomad! Angie and Nikki were incredible accommodating and made our stay incredible for us! I especially love the views that the Arlo Nomad provides! I woke up to a direct view of the Empire State Building - how cool is that? We loved the bar area and also the cafe on the first floor for late night pizza! The proof is in the pudding here; the little details make this place so special! I cannot wait to stay here again. Thank y'all!
bubble_50	I have stayed three times in the Arlo Nomad and it can not be better. The location is perfect. the impressing view of the Empire State Building, the super cool design, the rooftop! The hotel staff is wonderfully friendly and they make you feel at home all the time. Particularly Gabriel, the Lobby Host, is a charm.
bubble_40	Arlo NoMad is an excellent value-priced Midtown Manhattan Hotel. The team at Arlo proves that small rooms don't have to be uncomfortable and that superior service can be obtained without paying high rates.  From the check-in to departure I was extremely impressed with Arlo. Some items to note:  1. Walking distance from Penn Station. And an easy walk to many subway lines and NYC landmarks.  2. The rooms are small, but the space utilization is ingenious so the rooms punch way above their weight. Design does make everything better.  I have to give a shout out to Paola who checked me in, and made me feel at home. She exemplified the excellent service I experience at each point of contact.  There's a reception each afternoon with complementary beverages. Also check out the views from
bubble_30	I stayed here one night in early January.  Some pluses, but one huge, relentlessly noisy minus. Its well located. Very cool lobby. Rooms are utterly tiny (I wouldnt stay here unless traveling solo) but well designed and very clean. I checked in late in the evening and let the woman checking me in know that it was my first night away from a newborn baby and that i would appreciate the quietest room they had (i know they werent full bc were advertising rooms on all sorts of sites). She acted very eager to help me get a quiet room and then...she put me in a room across from a massive, block-wide construction site. The construction was still going at 1 in the morning. It was going again when i got up at 6:30. Pretty lousy. Didnt make me want to come back to this otherwise
bubble_50	My room was adorable with a rain shower to die for,  Loved the fragrance of the soaps and cream, and having access to NY!, since I'm a native New Yorker.  The location was the best, half  a block away from all of the Madison Avenue buses, and a 24 hour  upscale deli on the corner,  The staff were all amazing!  Special thanks to Angie Ramos, and Windsor, who made me feel like family.
bubble_40	A cool, comfortable, friendly small hotel. Great rooftop with fantastic views of the Empire State and areas to lounge and relax. It felt warm and welcoming in a big city. Staff were very helpful. Overall very clean. Loved my stay here and would recommend to anyone.
bubble_40	Great hotel in Nomad area in NYC. There is a great rooftop, but the line in elevators is terrible. There is a caring staff. The hotel is very clean and I did not eat in the hotel`s restaurant. I recommend the hotel.
bubble_50	A fabulous small hotel. Very clean. Good location. Fabulous front desk staff. Carly in reservations was terrific. I had a wonderful comfortable visit there. A short walk to Eataly for great food and shopping. Roof top is super in summer with great view of Empire State Building. It is a light show that was delightful on an August night!!!
bubble_30	I know that new york hotels are pricey, but this was seriously so for the money. a small room, a tiny bathroom but everything was clean. the room was a little noisy too. Service was friendly and location accessible being near the subway and fifth avenue shops.
bubble_50	I booked in January 18 for Dec 18 and I requested a good view of the Empire State building as it was our anniversary while we were here and our first time in New York. We had the most amazing view of the Empire State that was break taking to look out of every day and a bottle of prosecco for our anniversary.   Room was really lovely, small yes but you don't need a large room while you're in New York - you're hardly in it (or shouldn't be really because you're in New York). Bed was so comfortable and the housekeeping were great and kept it clean every day.  The bodega was really handy for grabbing a coffee on the way out or late night pizza when you're peckish, we didn't go to the bar as it had an event on the day we wanted to go but didn't feel overly like we missed out as we
bubble_40	Stayed for 3 nights for NYE. The hotel is located in a good location with subway stops a few blocks away. Design is very trendy. Service is  good. The room itself is a bit too small compared to other chain hotels that are in the same class/price range but that's not a dealbreaker considering this is nyc.  I got the room on the 8 floor facing the street and the noise is very loud in the morning from the construction across the street, garbage trucks and delivery trucks. If you are a light sleeper, request accordingly.   Over all i like the location, design and the convenient.  I don't mind staying here again depending on the price.
bubble_50	Our stay at Arlo NoMad was a fantastic end to end experience.  From the moment I picked up the phone to Gabriel (concierge) to request a room upgrade, through the daily complimentary glasses of Prosecco up on the 31st floor rooftop, right up to hailing a cab to the airport when we finally had to leave, Arlo NoMad delivered on it all. If you are looking for somewhere to stay that feels more 'New York' than the Empire State Building (which you have beautiful views of, by the way), then look no further. Would return in a heartbeat!
bubble_50	I will be checking in in two days and so far the service has been great! I called them to request a view of the Empire State Building since weve booked the sky room. Angie was the best over the phone. She recommended we keep our queen bed because that would have the best view. I cannot wait to check in. I will update when we are done with our stay. We are celebrating our anniversary.
bubble_50	Checked in for a weekend in the city for my birthday. I was celebrating with friends who came in from out of town.  They booked a different hotel and were kicking themselves when they met us for drinks at Arlo. The staff was amazing! Angie greeted me with a happy birthday and some nice vouchers.  When we got to our room the staff went above and beyond for customer service by putting a card and some waters and chocolate up there.  The room was amazing!!!!  Its small but dont let that turn you away. With the floor to ceiling windows the room feels like it goes on for city blocks.  The blinds come down to make it a total black out room. However it was something else laying in bed with lights of the landmarks of the city as the backdrop.  Every square foot in the room is useable
bubble_50	We stayed here for a week over NYE and really enjoyed it. We had one of the Queen City view rooms which was great. Compact as others have mentioned and cold without the fan on. I think we also benefitted from construction work being on hold over the holidays as on the last 2 days, which were usual working days, we were woken at 7 by building in 2 nearby buildings. But, thats all part of the Manhattan experience we figured and I didnt tire at all of the view. The room was always clean and the toiletries etc high quality. There was no tea/coffee or facilities to make them.  The roof bar wasnt open but you could go up there for photos and there were some cool little private igloos but we didnt work out how the worked.  We took part in the lobby drinks on 3/4 days and discovered
bubble_10	Rooms are tiny, but this may be expected at this price point. Definitely not a four star hotel. I forgot my computer charger in the room with absolute certainty. When I called the hotel the response was first 'housekeeping decides what to put in lost and found and what to discard'. Then another manager said the only option was that I was mistaken since the charger was not found so it was never in the room after I left.
bubble_50	Wow, what a great hotel. Ok the rooms are small, thats the only thing close to a negative. The staff are immense, day or night they want to help and take pride in their hotel.  The cafe in the reception does great coffee and food. You will get some free coffee vouchers when you arrive.  Location is perfect, right next to the Empire State Building.  Thanks for having us and taking care of us.
bubble_50	I'm always a little iffy when it comes to hotels in the U.S and Arlo Hotel blew my expectations with service. Gabriel was very patient and accommodating as I had a million side requests to make my stay there perfect. The room was very clean, minimalistic and had a great view of Manhattan. I would definitely recommend Arlo Hotel and Gabriel as your main guy.
bubble_50	Ive been to quite a few hotels in my time, but Ive never felt quite as welcomed and taken care of as I have here. Kiara Duran went above and beyond accommodating our stay here. Lets talk about that burger in the downstairs restaurant too... tonight will be my third time back for it. Highly recommend all around.
bubble_50	We stayed here over Christmas and had a great time. The hotel is very modern and clean. Reception staff were very welcoming, great lattes and bagels at coffee shop. Could also recommend buffet breakfast plenty of choice and all fresh. Our hotel room was small as expected but we loved the huge windows around our king size bed. Our room was cleaned every day. The hotel is situated in a great central location close to all major sites. We had a great experience and would definitely recommend.
bubble_50	Great value, location and, especially, staff. Rooms are very compact (this is midtown NYC!) but well designed, and generous common spaces balance the experience. Staff did their best on everything--including trying to make up for the irresponsible treatment we received at a local eatery that's not even affiliated with the hotel. (Thank you, Zac!) 800 Degrees restaurant, take note: Arlo Nomad is what professional service looks like.
bubble_50	I chose the Arlo Nomad for my 10 nights stay in New York and it was an amazing choice! Conveniently located centrally in Manhattan, and by centrally I mean, walking distance from the key points of interest, especially for someone who comes to the city for the first time!  Rooms are typical size for New York hotels, but still despite us having 2 big suitcases and 2 carry ons - to start with, as we went shopping almost every day - and we managed to store everything and have a tidy room too!  Staff is friendly and helpful, I would mention Angela and Caroline at the Feont Desk, who would genuinely be interested on how my day was, and be willing to come up with recommendations, or promptly make the bookings I requested.  There was always a kind gentleman by the door, assisting with
bubble_50	This is a lovely little hotel with some really cool, quirky extras. The 24 hour cafe with great barrister coffee is awesome, then theres the beautiful Italian restaurant, and the super relaxed bar and lounge area on the second floor. However, the best is the rooftop ice-igloo tents with a spectacular view over the city. The rooms here are small but well appointed and the extras make the overall stay one to be remembered.
bubble_50	We stayed here for a night as a pretty random selection from Expedia. Given how low the price was, I was expecting a marginally acceptable hotel. Instead, Arlo was completely delightful.  it's well located.   The people were very friendly and helpful.   The room was tiny but very clean, modern, and comfortable. It had full length glass paneling in the corner where the bed is, which makes the room feel much more open. (Yes, there are full-length blinds as well.)   The free wifi was great (50+mbps). There were plenty of electrical outlets, fridge, a steamer for your clothes -- why don't more hotels have that? -- and free water bottles.  We were expecting a room to sleep in for a night. We got a far better experience, at a remarkably low price.
bubble_50	Super Arlo!  Small but very comfortable city view room with Empire State Building view and fantastic rooftop.  Excellent mattress and cosmetics, very nice staff!  Breakfast very good despite not cheap.  Rooms are a little cold but that is good for great sleep, just ask for additional duvet if needed!  Excellent position to visit everything! Perfect for couple staying. We will be back very soon!
bubble_40	This hotel is approx 5 min walk from Maceys and Empire State Building. It is very clean and very friendly. The room was fairly small but this did not bother us as we were out all day and only went back for bed and shower. I would definatley return to this hotel as it met all our needs. The only very small gripe would be the lifts at peak times that can be slow and full which should not detract from a very nice place to stay.
bubble_50	Me & my boyfriend booked Arlo NoMad for a Christmas break in NYC. We absolutely loved it and can't wait to come back!   My boyfriend emailed the hotel prior to our holiday as he was planning on proposing to me whilst there. Carly was brilliant and upgraded us to a Queen City View room on the 28th floor with an amazing view of the Empire State Building. On arrival the hotel had left a bottle of prosecco, some macarons and a welcome note which was a thoughtful touch for our engagement.   The room was clean and much bigger than expected after reading other reviews. There isn't much wardrobe space for hanging up clothes but there is plenty of room for suitcases under the bed. We had plenty of room for numerous shopping bags as well and didn't feel at all cramped in the room.  The
bubble_40	The Arlo NoMad Hotel is in a great location near subway, lots of shops and restaurants. Warming lobby with a nice cafe and lounge area. Professional and nice staff.  The rooms are very tiny but with the right decoration and comfort the room is very cozy and nice to stay. Comfy mattress.
bubble_50	We had a couple colleagues stay at the Arlo for an extended time. The stylish rooms make up for their diminutive size with creative space saving. The kale and mushroom salad in the restaurant is out of this world as is a lot of the food. But really it is the staff that is great. the front desk were always cheery and willing to help. In particular Amil went far and beyond to help with a sticky courier situation. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	This was our second stay at the Nomad and initially a number of things look set to tarnish our initial admiration for the hotel. However upon discussing with the management they were quick to act and resolve our issues. The speed and understanding in their response was fantastic and we'll be back again next year for our anniversary. Cheers guys.
bubble_30	Good location and friendly staff. Nice bar. I enjoyed the hotel design and concept but unfortunately my mattress was very uncomfortable. Surprising for a hotel of this caliber. The room was tiny - which was not a problem for me but I would recommend booking one of the larger rooms if there are two or more in your party.
bubble_40	So I like this as an affordable alternative in the craziness that is December in nyc.  The staff are lovely. My micro room was ok although it is too small even to do yoga. I hated that there was no gym and I had asked IN ADVANCE of TripAdvisor peeps and you said that there was one. That was a lie!!!!  You need to walk 6 blocks to a terrible New York sports club. The restaurant and bar seem fun but they were booked for private functions when I was there. My jury is still out. Just know what you are getting!
bubble_50	As we were travelling with our son who still has a trolley, we received an accessible room instead of a normal room, which gave us a bit more space.  The caf downstairs had one of the best meatball subs I've ever eaten and even though the breakfast doesn't have a broad selection, the quality by justifies the price. I still dream of the bagels from the breakfast.  I cannot recommend the hotel enough when visiting NYC and hoping to see as much as possible of Midtown in short period as for example Empire State building is literally just around the corner.
bubble_50	Booked this hotel for a Christmas sightseeing trip and it was amazing. Cozy urban hotel with great location and even better staff. Right around the corner from Empire State building. From breakfast to the best rain shower head this place was great.  Eco friendly items in the rooms are a great added touch and so was the umbrella.  Even when we had a issue with the door lock they were right on it. Even offered compensation without being asked.Not about the amount but just the gesture.
bubble_50	I stayed here for a weekend as prices were accessible but I wasnt expecting to find such a clean and  modern hotel.  Rooms arent the biggest but the bed is just amazing and the view hit the jackpot. All the staff have always been attentive; im very impressed, the hotel really exceeded my expectations and I will be back for sure
bubble_50	Weekend jaunt to NYC with a stay at the Arlo Nomad. There are a few Nomads so make sure your Uber driver gets the right one, otherwise you end up at the wrong Nomad. Anyhow, a quick stay at the Nomad ( wife had a dance rehearsal, Yoga at a cool center and a visit to a Meditation center) all make the Nomad a great place in the middle of all. Check-In is blood simple, no issues. They have a cool little upscale snack bar area right there. More cool restaurants in the back along with an upstairs common library area which my wife used for a private dance practice (I mean others were there but no one cared),, then a very cool bar upstairs too with a seating area out of MOMA with retro lighting and plush bean type sofas/couches.  Anyhow, my wife ordered a standard room and what I got
bubble_50	My wife and I just landed back in London after a long weekend in New York City. We were visiting to celebrate our anniversary. We agonised about where to stay. We wanted a great location, a cool bar and a beautiful room. We found all of that and more at Arlo Nomad. We loved how unpretentious the place was and could have stayed for a month.  The staff are wonderful. Angie and Jeanell in particular went out of their way to help us out on a bunch of occasions. We felt totally looked after.  Thanks a million and cant wait to come back.
bubble_40	I was here with work, so I have no idea what the price for the room was.  As many have noted, the room I had (1105) was small, but so adorable!  It's very cleverly laid out and there are places to place your clothing.  The window is large and takes up one whole wall, so it feels bright and airy.  corner rooms (I saw a colleague's room) are special in that there are adjoining full wall windows on 2 sides, so you feel like you're floating above New York.    The location can't be beat.  I either walked everywhere or took the subway from around the corner.  Although if you want to have a human subway worker help you, you need to walk up 1 more street.    The bed is super comfortable, the shower was great, staff friendly and helpful.  It seems to be a trendy crowd, with a restaurant
bubble_20	Difficult review to write,seeing as the hotel is quite nice,bar and restaurant are both decent,yet I feel the hotel as a whole is trying too hard to be chic and trendy and failing . rooms are tiny,and this from a Brit who isn't used to US sized rooms. Bathrooms are set apart only by a glass screen,so the extractor fan can be heard droning hour upon hour. the maid service tried to tidy room at 5pm.a very unusual occurrence.booking was mixed up,and we were offered a bunk room,which being middle aged couple would have been funny if it wasn't a serious offer.staff mostly young and inexperienced.which isn't a bad thing if some experience was available to them to learn from..Maybe it was just us,but on the whole I wouldn't recommend,stayed in NY before and had a better experience.
bubble_40	Pros: Great location in walking distance to everything mid-town. Rooms are clean and the view is beautiful. Rooftop very cool.  Cons: Showers are the biggest con, they were so low that I had to bend down to rince my hair, really weird for an expensive hotel. All other reviews say rooms are small but that didnt bother me. we had queen room city view and had room to place our luggage and the bath had a lot of room. What else do you need when visiting over the weekend.  Overall I am happy.
bubble_40	+ Cool and trendy interior, staff and the majority of the guests. Helpful, professional and friendly staff. Good location. Clean and tidy. Always awesome music in the lobby. Complimentary drinks around dinner time.   - Extremely small room (queenroom, urban), had to crawl across the bed to get to the other side of it. One small open closet with a couple of hangers ie the clothing had to stay in the suitcases under the bed (only place there was room for it). The rooftop deck was closed and were only accessed if accompanied by hotel staff.
bubble_30	This hotel rooms are very small but comfortable and quiet. The front desk/lobby area was cold, crowded, and understaffed. Check in was a nightmare. We were overcharged in the 2nd floor bar and it took 2 weeks to get our account credited. It is a new property and needs to get the service aspect organized.
bubble_50	Staying here was such a wonderful experience.  I LOVE the central location!!!  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  Rooms are SUPER clean and very comfortable!  The bar on site was great - knowledgeable bartenders and great atmosphere.  Definitely staying here again next time and highly recommend!
bubble_40	I really liked the hotel compared to hotels in NY. And for a budget hotel in the area it was nice. Cute lobby. Nice room but unbelievably small (as to be expected). No room service sucked though. Would not recommend for more than one person. Perfect for solo travel or short trips.
bubble_50	Cant say enough great things about this place. They helped me out when i was in a tough spot, and were so kind and accomodating. Love their restaurant/bar downstairs (Massoni). The rooms are super clean and really well designed, so while small they still feel roomy and comfortable. I had a great view of the Empire and skyline. Special shoutout to the hotel staff that went above and beyond: Gigi, Gabe, Jeanell and Idris. Also shoutout to Asa at the bar- he was great company. Will definitely be staying here for any future visit to NYC :) thanks Arlo Nomad!
bubble_50	I recently stayed at the Arlo Nomad, in a Queen Sky Room. It was a corner room with amazing ceiling to floor windows and a great view! The room had all the necessary amenities and although small it was very efficiently laid out! The hotel was brilliantly located, cool, vibrant with a great restaurant (food was fab) and a lovely bar and rooftop! The cherry on top of this awesome cake was really the staff - nothing was too much trouble for them and they were always happy to help! A special shoutout to Geneva Collins who really went the extra mile to make sure we were taken care of! I would highly recommend this hotel and will most definitely be staying here when I come back to NYC!
bubble_50	Well designed but tiny rooms,but who wants to sit around the hotel in NYC? Two tiny complaints: bathroom fan didn't work and (strangely) only one half-gone roll of toilet paper. Best staff of anywhere I've stayed. Great location. We had the parking package and we're permitted to leave our car with valet service until late  in the afternoon after our checkout with no additional charge. If you know the misery of NYC parking try Arlo Nomad, the  parking/valet service is seamless and (relatively) inexpensive.
bubble_50	It was our first trip to NYC and I spent a lot of time looking for the perfect place. I came across Arlo NoMad, saw pictures of their rooms, affordable price (especially for what you get) and didn't hesitate. I ended up booking their King City View room but called them to inquire on how much it would be to upgrade to the SkyView a few times, and if there was one even available. My birthday and anniversary both fell on the week that I was staying at the hotel so I when I saw the SkyView online it just seemed perfect. I called right before our flight just to see if there was an available King SkyView room available and they let me know they went ahead and already upgraded my room for free. That left me speechless. They were already so kind up until that point and I was 100% not
bubble_40	We stayed at the Arlo Nomad for 8 nights during November.  The hotel appears to be fairly new and has a very hip and trendy vibe when you first enter the lobby.  We had a standard Queen Room which was fairly basic but also very small - note we couldn't even open two suit cases at a time (the bed pretty much takes up the whole space). Having said that the room itself was clean and tidy and had all the necessary facilities needed for a comfortable stay.  What was most disappointing was that the hotel staff did not advise of the special offers and complementary access guests had to certain facilities - such as gym access which we only found out about on our last day.  Also, the elevators in the building are EXCEEDINGLY slow - we would often have to wait for over 15 minutes in the
bubble_50	Every person single person I met who works here was exceptional in all the right ways--inviting and looking to help but not over the top. And I feel like their vibe rubs off because the folks I ran into in the elevator or in the restaurant or in the comfortable work/hangout spaces were all relaxed and fun to interact with. I picked the Arlo because I knew I'd need to work a lot this trip and would probably want to get out of my room but not go too far. This hotel has several great spots to plop down with your laptop and the whole place seems to have great wifi (included in the "urban fee"). I don't think the pictures do the common areas on the mezzanine justice, maybe because sometimes the lighting is soft? They're fairly spacious and each one is quite different. So I hung out
bubble_50	This hotel has everything: superb service, excellent breakfast, any amenity you forget is available from the staff. Shared working areas downstairs and meeting rooms easily available, plenty of common spaces to relax and meet informally for work or pleasure. It feels like a home with a bunch of friendly strangers and not a hotel. I would say the rooms are small, and some of the corners of the bed are a risk: I ended up with a cut on my shins from trying to navigate between the edge of the bed and the desk: they ought to pad the corners perhaps to avoid this.
bubble_50	We traveled from Chicago to NYC this past weekend for a quick anniversary trip and stayed at Arlo Nomad. I booked directly from their website after doing tons of research on hotels after my prior favorite hotel decided to convert to apartments (boo).  When booking, I was primarily looking for city view and this hotel delivered!  We stayed in a queen sky room and the view was out of this world.  I let them know if was our anniversary and they hooked us up with a sweet handwritten card and a little bottle of champagne and strawberries, it was such a nice touch.   The front desk was also unbelievably helpful - Benji ran down the block and flagged down a car in the rain for us so that we wouldnt be late for a reservation in Brooklyn.   Yes, the room itself was small and pretty
bubble_50	We stayed a weekend at the Arlo Nomad, it was the woman checking us in first check in and she hooked it up. Caroline was extremely friend and found us the room with the best view. She also served us wine at their complementary happy hour 5-6.  The hotel has an amazing rooftop view of the Empire State Building. Along with a glass floor looking down onto the New York city Street below. This is for sure a must even with cold weather its worth a sunrise or sunset peek. Dress warm!  Inside the hotel, has nice amenities, small things like tic tax toe why you wait for the elevator. And 3 lounge areas great for a meeting or working. The rooms are New York sized aka small but the bed is extremely comfortable.
bubble_50	The hotel was very central and close to many places we wanted to visit,  as well as many nearby restaurants.  The roomie had was absolutely ideal for us. The staff at all times could not have been better and were so helpful and friendly.
bubble_50	This hotel was really nice to stay at from start to finish..all the staff was so helpful, friendly and always there on hand when needed! Given a homely atmosphere.. the staff gave us good recommendations for where to eat and shop along with giving us written directions for where we needed to go for attractions...The rooms were nice and cozy ok, we had a good view outside our hotel room window of the Empire State Building... the hotel location is really good too just round the corner from shops, Macys and the metro. Cant complain really would definitely stay here again as everything was perfect. Did not go to rooftop bar as was closed due to out of season! Good excuse to go again in the summer!! The staff was able to put our bags in a safe place while we went out and about, the
bubble_50	We stayed at Arlo Nomad for a weekend at the end of September celebrating anniversary with my boyfriend. Arlo is perfectly located in Manhattan & has very helpful staff. After some issues when checking-in, Zac from the reception was extremely helpful and really made the rest of our stay as amazing as possible. Thank you Zac! The hotel has a magnificent rooftop where there's DJ playing at night, so go there and have a drink with a view!
bubble_50	We visited new york for my 40th at the end of October the only fault i could mention was the view wasnt what i was expecting from our room but i realised that was my error when i booked only other minimal gripe was im a fussy eater so not much in the hotel restaurant for me to choose from and small choice of puddings. The hotel is a very relaxed modern quirky one and immaculately cleaned and presented.rooms are small but sufficient and shower area spotless. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly especially kosta Benjamin and jj, we loved chatting to you all to find out more about new york and that you had the time to chat back to us.would defo reccommend to anyone going to new york its a 10 min walk to the empire state building and the subways to get anywhere
bubble_50	This was one of the best hotel experiences I've had, from conversations before arriving through the checkout process and leaving the hotel. The staff was warm, welcoming, friendly and fun, happy to accommodate any request, answer any question, and fixed any issue right away. Before arriving, I called ahead with a request for treats for my boyfriend's birthday to be in the room when we arrived. When I arrived at the hotel, they had gone above and beyond, getting us an upgraded room, a bottle of wine, and cookies and fruit with a beautiful handwritten note.  Other than those thoughtful gestures, everything else was great: comfortable bed, great amenities, beautiful rooftop, good coffee in the lobby, and clever storage in the rooms.   A special shout out to Paola who was so
bubble_50	I travel back to NY for business at least once a month and often stay here. The staff is fantastic and makes everything feel familiar and welcome (special thanks to carly, gigi) Like others mention, rooms are small but really efficiently laid out and kinda perfect for one after long days in city. Beds are very comfortable, the views are great (go for sky rooms) and the showers (pressure/wide head) are something special. Have work to do? Large library room or several lounge areas a floor up from main lobby. Bar on rooftop for views. Even hot late-night eats for the those "deeper" nights NY so readily offers. Can walk to my office, to grand central and to Penn. I stay at a range of spots, but none hit all the notes as effortlessly. Thanks guys.
bubble_40	I just stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, Oct 26-29. Overall, it's fine but mediocre experience. I would give 3.5 stars if I could. I recommend getting a higher room or non-street side room as there is construction on 31st street for a new building. They start at 7am and go to midnight on weekdays. This is not the first hotel I've stayed at in NYC where this was an issue so not blaming Arlo for this.   First, the check-in. We got there after 3pm and our room was not ready. In fact a lot of people were waiting for rooms. We were given free coffee vouchers and told to wait. Eventually, I could tell we were forgotten as everyone else got their key card. This is fine as I just lined up again and the reception person said he was just about to give us our keys (haha ok - more like I
bubble_50	The vibe at Arlo was the perfect retreat for our first stay in NYC! Great service - a special thanks to Zack for his very warm hospitality! The floor to ceiling windows in our room connected us with the city! We'd definitely recommend and we'd love to return!
bubble_50	Loved the place! Well located in NYC, the room was small but cozy and well arrange. They change my original because of the view in no time which is really appreciable and the happy hour free wine from 5.00 to 7.00 made me happy :)))
bubble_50	Smart, spotless, modern hotel in perfect location. Loved the whole experience made even better by the the staff who could not do enough for you. Carly made our day when she upgraded us to a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Would always stay here now on future visits to NYC. Thanks so much.
bubble_50	This is an excellent hotel in a great location.  We had a city view room with s fantastic view of the Empire State Building.  Rooms are small but very comfortable and well equipped.  Happy Hour is a must and the restaurant is excellent.  Staff very friendly and accommodating.  Only small quibble was a bottle of water was only provided on the first day.
bubble_50	Great, quirky, modern hotel in an excellent location! What makes the hotel however is the staff; they are friendly and couldnt do enough for us! Free drinks and nibbles every day from 5.30pm to 7pm was a nice touch.
bubble_40	This is my second time at Arlo NoMad. This time was also a great stay. The rooms are small but have great design. Location is also a plus. All the staff are friendly and always have a great attitude, which I great appreciate.  Gabriel de Salas at the front desk was very kind and quick during my check-out.
bubble_50	Very nice Hotel with a beautiful view from the roof top bar :) The Lobby was very comfortable and the breakfast was delicious. Good atmosphere and the staff was very friendly - especially Kosta - Thanks for all :)  Always my pleasure
bubble_40	If you do not have excessive luggage and do not require extra space around you in a room, this is highly recommended. Ticks all the boxes for my wishes: very good bed, quiet enough (at least the courtyard side), clean. Plus very friedly staff. Location too, we could walk almost anywhere ( Soho, Highline, MoMa)
bubble_50	Great location right off 5th Avenue, walked everywhere. The rooms are small and its a 4stars not 5 lux where we usually stay, but after the initial 5 minutes we actually got to love this place over the long stay. In particular  -great view -well organized rooms -superb bed -young and dynamic front desk -Costas and Amil solved all our requests (and we can be complicated clients)   Great job!   Gr
bubble_50	Lovely hotel in Midtown. Walking distance from great NYC attractions. Gigi at the pizza/snack bar across from from front desk was absolutely AMAZING! Super sweet and professional. Food is available 24/7. Perfect after a night out on the town!
bubble_30	Woke up at 6 to the sound of trucks on the street below with no possibility at all to go back to sleep. The noice continued for hours. I had to use my Bose headphones w noice reduction. Otherwise nice clean hotel and good positioned. BUT the level of noice down in the street will make it impossible to suggest this hotel to friends and families.
bubble_40	The bed was very comfy, the room clean and the staff very polite. We thought it was a bit annoying of the hotel to charge a daily urban fee at check out, without notifying us of the fee or what that entailed upon check-in. When we asked about it at check out when we got the bill, they said it included gym classes, wine hour, free bikes and other amenities that we would have used and been happy to pay for if we had known. So frustrating! The room is *very* small, but nothing unexpected for NYC. Overall good stay!
bubble_50	Highly recommend the Arlo NoMad , small rooms (like most NYC Hotels) but smartly designed and great bed! Breakfast choices are ok, however you only have to walk outside hotel to find plenty off alternative options... the views from the roof top are just Wow!  Ideally having gym in the hotel would be perfect, but they have access passes for a local gym a few blocks away.
bubble_50	The hotel is in a very good location, decorated, modern, small but functional rooms. We   got a room with a view of the Empire State building. There is a rooftop bar with stunning views of the city. Friendly staff and services.  We arrived early in the morning and got the room straight without waiting
bubble_50	From the moment we entered the hotel we were made to feel welcome by the lovely staff who were catering and helpful at all times! Great location, room facilities and beds! Would not stay anywhere else!
bubble_50	Stayed at the Arlo NoMad over Columbus Day weekend with my wife and I'm glad we did. The hotel was hip and friendly. Great atmosphere, cool lobby and lounges, and an amazing rooftop bar with an awesome view of the Empire State Building.  The room was smaller, but the modular furniture made the space work perfectly. The bathroom was very nice as well, great shower.  10/10 would go again.
bubble_50	My husband and I were visiting the city for a few days before a wedding on Long Island and were looking for a central place to stay in Manhattan that wasn't too close to Times Square, but still really accessible to subways and right in the middle of everything. The lobby and restaurant area are beautiful and our room was very clean, stylish, and up to date. To me, there's nothing worse than an out-of-date, barely clean, used up hotel room and this was not a concern at Arlo. The Blind Barber products were lovely and the view is awesome. Literally the only thing you sacrifice with this hotel is space and we were fine with that because we wanted to be in the city as much as possible. It feels like a small space luxury hotel. Also....THE ROOFTOP BAR! I lived in NYC for two years and
bubble_50	Attractive Modern Hotel in Korea Town close to Penn station and Empire State building.The Hotel has an informal feel and nice buzz about it,staff are friendly but  efficient .They were filming a TV show one morning we wre there.Rooms not huge but comfy bed and great shower.
bubble_50	A great new property that has excellent design and helpful staff. The rooms are very well thought out and functional, super comfortable beds and a great view. Check-in was fast, and although my room was not ready early, they sent me an email as soon as it was (which was an hour ahead of stated check-in time). They also gladly stored my luggage for the rest of the day on check-out, so I was able to max out the time in the city. I will be going back for two more weekends this winter, and highly recommend the property.
bubble_50	Geneva Collins at the front desk really took care of my business partner and I from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out. She made sure we knew where everything was and had everything we needed at all times. Excellent service. I'll definitely be staying here every time I'm in NY and encouraging my friends to do the same. - Aaron Aye
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at the Arlo NoMad as part of a birthday weekend celebration. My first impression (and one that was validated throughout our three-night stay) was that each and every employee takes pride in working there and in delivering thoughtful, cheerful service to guests. Our overnight flight into New York resulted in our arriving at the hotel well in advance of the standard check-in but the front desk team were extremely accommodating and got us into our room shortly thereafter. We reserved a corner room which, while small (feels a little like a cruise ship stateroom), provided everything we needed and an excellent view. While there we visited the hotel restaurant for breakfast, lunch and dinner and each experience was excellent ... both in terms of the menu options,
bubble_50	I loved everything about my stay.  The room was small but pristine clean.  I had Prosecco on the rooftop!  Gorgeous!  I had both breakfast and dinner at the hotel.  Very fresh and tasty.  Love the lattes in the lobby.  They were happy to store my luggage for the day while I was out and about.  Great location.  Easy to walk to Textiles Market.  I will be back!
bubble_50	Impeccable service from greeting to departure, great mid-town location within walking distance of many classic attractions, reasonable price, small but very nice quiet room, very comfortable bed. Rooftop with great view.  Lobby bar has a happy hour. Complementary wine and snacks late afternoon a nice touch. Quiet library had ample workspace.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Hotel well located. Close to everything. Staff very nice. Rooms are well appointed but tiny.  Also, shower only in rooms (no bathtub). Comfortable bed. Beware that the elevators are super slow. Great rooftop terrace with great views.
bubble_50	This is a great place to stay for a short trip. The room is small but perfect in design to accommodate your belongings. Bed very comfortable. Huge windows take up one wall of bedroom - mine with a good view of the Empire State Building. The lobby and shared spaces are pleasant and lively.
bubble_40	Fabulous room in the sky. Compact as expected in this location. Friendly helpful staff and great bikes available. Disappointing delay in collecting bags from store on departure despite many staff around but overall very good.
bubble_50	The hotel was beautiful and clean. Rooms are NYC small, but completely wonderful. The views from the rooms do NOT disappoint! Che at the front desk was awesome... he helped me pick the room I wanted for my little staycation. I highly recommend this place!
bubble_40	I stayed at Arlo Nomad in July and had some issues with a moody gentleman on the front desk who was less than helpful. A colleague on the same trip had a similar experience. Because of this I decided on this trip to NYC to stay elsewhere but had to return to the Arlo to pick up some items I had left previously. Paola Munoz was so helpful and went out of her way for me. This is the Arlo experience I should have had the first time and will look to stay at the Arlo again in the future.
bubble_50	I stayed here for a quick trip to NY for the weekend. It is a very nice hotel. Yes, the rooms are small but they are clean and modern, besides, who goes to NY to sit in a hotel room anyway? They offer a great daily happy hour and their onsite restaurant has amazing food. If you stay here during the warmer months you'll really enjoy their rooftop. The bed was also very comfortable. With an overall positive experience, I will say that it can get noisy. i experienced some doors slamming and loud yelling in the wee hours of the morning (past 3:00 am). However, when I mentioned this to the front desk associate the morning I checked out, she was extremely apologetic and accommodating and offered me free breakfast and coffee. She also reached out to me later on and told me to let her
bubble_50	Gabriel De Salas was fantastic in helping me relocate to a room that better suited my needs.  Great hotel, great atmosphere and great staff.   Definitely return to this location on my next trip to NYC - hopefully rain stays away so rooftop bar can be utilized.
bubble_40	Arlo nomad has a fantastic location! We were lucky enough to get the sky view corner room we hoped for. The room isn't as tiny as other reviews make it out to be. I hate tiny rooms but this one felt roomy. Great storage areas, great shower and shampoo and conditioner. Lighting was a bit different and I wished there were usb ports next to the bed not just the sink area.  We had our bags delivered which was great. And daily housekeeping was a plus. Very clean and neat. The roof top bar is expensive but your paying for a view, it's breathtaking. The best roof top bar we visited. The elevator isn't as long as the other reviews state. The area around the hotel is typical of New York, plenty of food options and 24 hour places. Also fantastic coffee in the bodega!! The biggest issue we
bubble_50	I had a very positive experience at the Arlo hotel. It began upon check-in when Miguel A.  was very welcoming and accommodating and able to resolve a couple issues with a pleasant demeanor and a smile.
bubble_50	Very compact room, but also very functional. Great location, great vibe in the hotel. All the great restaurants just around the block. We used the corner Bread and Butter for breakfast (open 24/7) and the amazing value for money buffet Ichiumi (right next door). Upon reception we had a very warm welcome by Elisabeth at the front desk. The welcome became much better when we were upgraded to a queen room with a view at the 29th floor with an amazing view to the city and the Empire state. The room itself is very small. Hardly enough space to ealk around the bed. But this is basically what you need. A room right on the spot at a reasonable price. Warm place to put your head on and a great shower. Front desk were great and very helpful. All in all would defiantly return again.
bubble_50	I can, with no doubt, absolutely recommend the Arlo NoMad hotel. We just finished a 3 night stay and couldnt be happier. The rooms are small, but thats expected in Manhattan. We had previously stayed two night at a Doubletree hotel in Midtown, and the Arlo hotel was waaay better. The rooms are very clean! We loved that the room was equipped with a steamer for clothes (altough we didnt know this until our last night, and had ordered a iron from the reception) and chromecast. I highly recommend to order the room from their website and look into their "special offers"-site. We got a good deal with $25 to use each day in the bodega (the pizza is SO good). The staff is very very very friendly and are very service minded. We booked a room with terrace, but beware that these rooms are
bubble_50	Sorry for this overdue review--I treated my daughter to a couple of nights at the Arlo Nomad on July 8-9 while she was doing an internship in the city; giving her a break from dorm housing.  We met up in the morning and I assumed it would be too early to get our room, but I knew they would store our bags.  First pleasant surprise was that they did have a room ready for us!  Liz, at our check-in, was so upbeat and sweet and adorable that I could hardly focus on what she was saying; her attitude was infectious.  Apparently, she gave us a different room that what was originally planned, along with two free drink tickets at the swanky bar on second floor because we were also celebrating my daughter's 21st birthday.  The hotel is very modern and techy; had to swipe card and enter
bubble_50	Stayed here for 7 nights as a solo traveller mid-August.  I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Arlo Nomad and will definitely be staying again during my next trip to NYC.  Pros: Staff - had very pleasant encounters with many members of staff who made me feel very welcome and helped provide advice as I got used to the blocks/subway systems. Location - two blocks from the Empire State Building, can walk to other attractions easily, Subway stations nearby, restaurants aplenty in local area, felt extremely safe in neighbourhood - perfect! Amenities - safe under the bed was brilliant (and so much fun to use!), hairdryer provided was excellent, wanted to use the steamer but none of my clothes were creased, great toiletries in shower, towels were fab, appreciated the 'free drinks' cards on
bubble_50	My friend and I flew in for NYFW, and although we were staying for a short amount of time, our stay at Arlo Nomad was terrific. The customer service was excellent, and the hotel is immaculate! I would highly recommend to family and friends!
bubble_30	Or youll have to do what we did and awkwardly leave the room or crank up the tv when the other needed to venture to the loo...   The room was tiny no room to open case. We were upgraded but view not special.  Shower was lovely. Towels small.   Hotel lobby had nice fragrance and coffee and snacks 24/7.  Rooftop bar great- plastic cups though...  Bed small but room was clean.  Very quirky and chilled vibes for three nights was fine.
bubble_50	First I'd like to address a couple of things I read in some of the other reviews: 1. Urban fee - I don't know what this is, we were not charged and urban fee. Room city/state taxes are normal for hotels no matter where you travel. 2. Smelly - Someone complained that the area outside of the hotel is smelly. Unless you've been living under a rock you'll know that Manhattan has been under a heat advisory for a few weeks. We stayed from September 1 - 8 and it was 38-41 Celsius with humidity every day except 7 and 8. Guess what everyone, heat + garbage = smelly surroundings. Manhattan is city on a island with no where for the garbage to go except on the street to be picked up. There is no room for bins. This is not the hotel's fault (neither is homelessness). The hotel smells
bubble_30	Hotel was nice for what we needed it for.  Quick stop over in NYC.   Staff were not as helpful as they seemed.  All we asked for was a written piece of paper with a few lines of information. We kept getting promised they would do it and then told us to wait till we checked out.  So we checked out only to be told that a manager has to do it and they will email us.  Nothing came through. Called the hotel and after explaining a couple of times finally got an email.
bubble_20	On initial arrival we thought the hotel was trendy and ideally placed. However, the bedroom was very cramped and we were disappointed overall with the lack of facilities in the bathroom and bedroom. There were no tea/coffee making facilities, no shampoo in the shower or other handy items for guests. The A/C was extremely noisy and made sleep very difficult. The food is mediocre and we did not find the staff friendly overall, although the were great up on the rooftop bar which is the best part of the hotel, apart from the plastic glasses. Due to a wedding taking place, hotel guests were moved from various places to accommodate the wedding party which was not acceptable.Nothing complimentary was offered. On departing the hotel we took our luggage without any member of reception
bubble_50	This hotel had exactly what we needed- great location and super clean rooms! I loved being able to grab a quick latte & a croissant in the lobby as well as their Lobby Host Carlos who made us feel so welcomed with his warm & charming personality. If you are traveling here with people over 21, their rooftop bar is a high energy awesome night out.
bubble_30	Take the Yotel/Pod/hostel concept and charge much, much more for it and that's our friend Arlo (as he sings 'there is a sucker born every minute'). If that's an exciting concept to you (along with your cell phone most likely not working due to placement of buildings), then open up your wallet WIDE. And the tacked on urban fee will get you things you shouldn't be paying more for anyway, but I would like an actual fitness room, Arlo, if I'm going to pay this ridiculous fee. This place is a lose lose situation, unfortunately. There are a hundred hotels in this area where you get more....a lot more of everything.
bubble_40	I had an easy check in with friendly staff however my room was originally booked as a city view and when I inquired about an upgrade to a high floor they gave me a city view and I was told I was upgraded from an urban view (?!) but I didnt want to complain because everyone was super nice and I was happy to be in NYC! My room was small but very well done and made a lot of sense the way it was laid out except not a ton of room for my clothing but I was only there for two days so it didnt matter much for me. Nice comfy bed, big flat screen, gorgeous bathroom, I love the shower! The view is really cool and the rooftop view is really REALLY cool I am glad I checked it out during the day. The rooftop was closed my second night due to a wedding so instead I went to go get that free
bubble_50	we really enjoyed our stay in this very nice and modern hotel with very helpfull and friendly staff. free bycicles for hotel guests - a great way to get around the city. Great Rooftop bar with direct view of the Empire State Building. Rooms quite small (which is typical for New York) but very efficiently furnished and all clean with nice amenities.
bubble_50	Clean, modern hotel with fantastic views of the empire state building (yes, even from our room! Pic attached)   I think the complaints about the size of the rooms are unreasonable as it's very clear from the website that the rooms are compact. Don't let the size deceive you though - there's so much hidden space and they've been designed with function in mind! We were very comfortable in a Queen Sky room with 2 large suitcases and the shopping bags we inevitably added after a few days in NY!   We stayed over the recent heatwave and the room was always such a welcome relief, as it always stayed cool.   Rooftop views are amazing and we found this to be a really great location for exploring NY, before moving on to Brooklyn.  Thank you for a great stay!
bubble_40	Weve stayed at this hotel twice now, and weve liked the layout and location of this modern microhotel.  (1) Room The property itself has a very modern lobby, which houses a small caf and entrance to the restaurant. The second floor has a fairly popular bar. Weve opted for the queen room for our stays. The sink is located outside of the bathroom area, which includes the shower and toilet, enclosed with a sliding glass door. Note to those who value privacy  the sliding glass door is not the best at being sound-proof. The room itself has the basic essentials with a comfortable bed and large-screen TV, and the large window gives a decent view. Overall, despite the low square footage, the room itself doesnt feel too cramped. Noise from the hallway or adjacent rooms has never
bubble_40	Was really excited abiout staying here, but that sooon turned to disappointment when we saw the size of our Queen room.   There may have been just enough space to swing a cat, but there certainly wasn't enough for two suitcases.   Having said that there are redeeming features. The breakfast is outstanding. The best we had in our three weeks in America. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The location is great too - although don't get a cab from Brooklyn, because they can't seem to find it.   The roof bar is lovely during the day and has terrific views over the city. Unless you are a under 25 years old, definitely avoid it at night because it is crushed, rowdy and basically horrendous. I should actually point out that the decor of the roof bar is unbelievable poorly thought
bubble_50	Enjoy cocktails on the roof top bar with amazing city views. Great staff and a good cocktail list. If you are brave try the view from the glass floor down to street level! Waitress service so no bar queues. DJ playing music.
bubble_50	Great location, nice staff and a great Hotel overall. The food is also good. The rooms are comfy and the room we stayed had an amazing view. The view from the rooftop is amazing especially at night...
bubble_40	We stayed here for 5 nights and had a great experience. We had a queen sky room with views of the city. Considering there is construction in the area we didn't hear any noise. The room was perfect for what we needed and had all the essentials. It was clean and this was maintained daily. The rooftop bar is amazing and has great views. Staying on the 28th floor meant we sometimes had to wait for the elevator but generally it didn't take too long. The location in Midtown made it easy to get around as tourists as it was based centrally. The staff are always on hand to help. We would definitely return for another stay!
bubble_50	Best hotel I have ever stayed in NYC specially in midtown. Views are amazing , rooms are soooo cozy. Service is beyond  (specially Amil always happy to help) Miguel ,Zach & Carly are amazing too. Very happy  with the service. Rooftop is amazing!!!!!!! Here some pics of how amazing rooms are!!!!
bubble_10	I got bit by bedbugs at this hotel. I stayed at this hotel with my fiance for only three nights, and I got literally attacked by bed bugs. I am 100% sure that I got bedbugs at this hotel. It was diagnosed by two different Urgent Care physicians at Cedars Sinai hospital. I am going to attach the photos of the 15+ bites on my forearm, but I don't want to attach the other photos. They also bit my chest, stomach, back, and legs. I also got a bite on the back of my ear. It got worse and worse every night. The bites first appeared on my forearm. The next night, I had three more on my chest and stomach. The third night, I had them absolutely everywhere. I have never seen bedbug bites before so I assumed that I was having an allergic reaction. Clariton, Benadryl, Cortisone, and other
bubble_40	We enjoyed our stay at the Arlo Nomad in August 2018. The rooftop bar is great, the room was nice (small, but they don't hide that fact), and the free bike rentals is a nice touch. The only negative was that the air conditioner was very loud - we actually had to turn it off to sleep.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 9 nights from 26th June to 5th July . Me and my boyfriend got a queen sky view. The view was great. We ate at the hotel a couple of times and the food was good both times. We also went to the second floor bar if we had been out for tea and had a drink there which was a good atmosphere. We both loved the rooftop bar aswell. The views were incredible and the weather being soo good, this made it better. Can't fault the hotel, they cleaned the room when we asked. The room was modern and space was fine for us for 9 nights. Hotel is in a good location, we walked everywhere despite the high temperature. The elevators slow sometimes. Didn't bother us really. We were there to enjoy New York. Overall the trip was perfect.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed at the Arlo Nomad the week I dropped my daughter off at college in NY. I hadnt been in NY since I was a teenager and my daughter had not been in a Manhattan hotel so we had no idea where to stay. Knowing that the Manhattan hotels are hit or miss, I researched the available hotels on various websites and found that the Arlo Nomad had great reviews and no notes of bed bugs - on top of being in a great location.  From the moment we arrived until the moment I checked out, the service was impeccable!!!!! Carly Antonioli, front desk, went out of her way to be patient and sweet and warm and gave us a room with a spectacular view!!!! She was so friendly and helpful!!!  They had men opening the doors for us almost constantly, men offering to help us on and off
bubble_50	Book the Nomad after reading reviews on here and not disappointed. Very friendly, helpful staff at all times, room was high, small, cosy and very clean. Room made up and towels replaced every day. Rooftop bar was amazing. Highly recommended!
bubble_50	First initial experience was frustrating. The front desk was extremely helpful as much as they can be. Which is understandable. Long story short, the problems that I had were quickly resolved and I ended up with a beautiful terrace room. The rest of the trip was pretty good from then on. I recommend the terrace room over the sky room though- it's much bigger. The only good thing that the Sky room offers is a insta pic for a quick second.
bubble_50	I couldn't have had a better time here.  First off- location was perfect.  So close to the train station as I had meetings in New Jersey the next day.  The front desk staff was charming and friendly, gave me dining recommendations and an upgrade!  They were genuinely friendly, which I really appreciated.  Rooftop bar was fantastic.  Great view. Not too crowded. Great drinks.  The view from my room was fantastic and the bed was so soft.  One morning I had to be out of the hotel at 6 AM and the front desk was already up and helpful and friendly as ever.
bubble_50	We spent two nights at this hotel to celebrate our anniversary.  The staff was very welcoming, always greeting us with a smile when we came and went.  We didnt have any trouble with the elevators as mentioned in other reviews.  They have a system where you scan your room key and it tells you which elevator to take.  We only waited once for a few minutes.  The room was awesome!  It was on the small side (it is NYC, after all), but very well-designed.  It was well-worth the extra $ to get the city-view room.   We enjoyed hanging out on the bed soaking in the view, especially at night.  I cant think of a single negative thing to say.  We loved the Arlo, and we will be back!
bubble_30	I was exciting to stay here after seeing the beautiful pictures online and on instagram, however our expectations fell quite short.   Firstly, I was booked in a queen urban room and there's no chance that bed was a queen, it was a full/double for certain. The room itself was tiny, which I expected from living in New York a few years past, however, they didn't take much care to the finishes. There's no fan in the bathroom and the plate to turn the water in on the shower was falling off the wall.   They also didn't have any was to indicate 'do not disturb' and we were woken by the maintenance staff just opening the door. Another issue was the elevators. They were SO slow. We always had to add an extra 5 to 10 to wait for one elevator.   We were also woken by the fire alarm going
bubble_50	I stayed here for my birthday weekend on a solo trip. Geneva and Mateo made my stay so amazing, their attention to detail, and customer service was incomparable. They made me feel like a queen of a palace and also so at home. There arent enough words to describe how much they changed and effected my time there. I have no other choice at this point but to stay at the Arlo Nomad when I stay in NY. When they found out I was there for my birthday they pulled out all the stops, they treated me like family. I will forever be so grateful for their warmth, kindness, and hospitality. Things I hope for when staying on an extended holiday. As long as they are there and others like them, I will be forever loyal to this beautiful and unique hotel. Mahalo for everything, Id rate them 100
bubble_50	Staff very kind, room good and clean with tv, restaurant good italien style, roof top bar very nice with view of empire state building, caf 24 hours open, wifi good, hotel located near empire state building and broadway, 31st street, -> anytime again
bubble_30	I was a solo traveler on business so I stayed in a bunk room for a week. It was big enough for me and surprisingly quiet. But generally there were some things that bothered me. There aren't enough elevators so leave at least 5min early. The staff, although efficient enough, are definitely too cool. They always seem to be looking over your shoulder while you're talking and definitely don't communicate that you are important to them. The one exception was Paula at the front desk, who was lovely. My room often wasn't cleaned by my return at 4pm, there was a strange mouldy shower curtain and the area, while having some very fancy restaurants etc, also didn't feel very safe.  The bed was long enough for me, I'm only 5"1' although quite soft. The location was very convenient with a
bubble_50	The moment I walked through the door I was so happy (and relieved) I chose this hotel! It was our anniversary weekend and choosing a great hotel was KEY!  We loved our experience! Room was clean. Location was great. Service was outstanding (thanks to Carlos!) I would highly recommend this place to everyone!
bubble_50	We stayed at Arlo Nomad for 3 nights. It is at an extremely convenient location. We literally walked to almost everywhere! Empire State Building is a couple blocks away, Soho, Central Park, Village are all around 30 mins of walk from the hotel. It has very small but clean and comfortable rooms. In addition, it has one of the most beautiful rooftops of New York city. There are both amazing daytime and nighttime views from there, a gem for Photographers. Last but not least, sky view rooms offers great views of city right inside from your hotel room. Price is not very cheap but definitely worth paying. Highly recommended!
bubble_50	The Arlo was a beautiful, trendy micro hotel in midtown NYC. Well located and within walking distance to NYC sights. The rooms are small, but well equiped and layout is pleasing. The shower is amazing.  The hotel rooftop view is a great asset to the hotel and I recommend visiting - even during the day to check out the view. The bar is a bonus for evening drinks with friends.  I did notice that the construction noise on the front street does start early and can be heard in the front rooms. Not an issue if you're up early but for late starters this can be an issue. Requested a rear room and this was changed promptly.  Heads up, the elevators can take some time to reach your level during peak times. Can be slightly aggravating if you're in a rush, remedy is to leave time.  Overall
bubble_40	Recently returned from a weekend in NYC at the Arlo NoMAd. The location is great -- the hotel nicely appointed and certainly on trendier side of things. Great for folks in the 20-40 spectrum (I'm on the latter end of that spread). The room was small, as expected, but had everything we needed. Minor complaints for the somewhat lack of bathroom privacy in the rooms (frosted glass enclosure) and the poor cleanliness of the bathrooms in the common areas of the hotel (non functioning in some cases, no soap in others).
bubble_50	We were lucky getting the room on the 28th floor with the perfect view on the Empire! The rooms are generally not very big, but offer all you need, are very clean with a comfortable bed. Also their rooftop terrace is great to enjoy a drink over NYC. Million thanks to Paola for the great service and warm welcome - we had a very pleasant stay! :)
bubble_50	I booked this hotel by chance and I am so pleased I did. This is a modern hotel with extremely clean and well appointed bedrooms. Bedroom size is not huge, but this is Manhattan - the quality of the furnishings though were excellent. The rooftop bar is a great place to hang out, offering great views of Manhattan and especially of the nearby Empire State Building. Staff were very friendly and efficient. All in all, this was a hotel that far surpassed expectations.
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed here in July 2018 for my 30th birthday.   Loves: *Super friendly staff - They went above and beyond for us! I lost my purse in the lounge...they found it and kept it safe for me until I was able to go back and get it. Also, and I hope I don't get anyone in trouble for this, but we needed some leftovers warmed up and we were screwed because the room did not have a microwave. An employee kindly warmed up our food in the staff microwave. :)  *Great location with great places to eat nearby - One place that is walking distance nearby that you need to try is Blank Slate Coffee + Kitchen. I don't think you'll be disappointed with anything you order. Friendly staff! It does get crowded, however.  *Hotel bar and lounge - We stayed in the downstairs lounge for most
bubble_30	I recently stay at this establishment in July 2018.  I have expressed my opinions to the manager through an email with no response to date.  The hotel is very nice.  The front desk people were extremely friendly and accommodating.  When we arrived it was early so they tagged and held our luggage.  However, upon return to hotel some of luggage was sitting in secure area with missing tags.  I was told they took the other piece of luggage to the room which turned to be wrong.  Missing tag from that luggage meant it had to go to another holding area .  This was timely and inconvenient so they need to improve their tagging process.  Also strangle how the other pieces were not moved as they did have tags either.    The most annoying situation is one with the elevators.  There are
bubble_50	My wife and I along with our granddaughter and her aunt traveled to NY to celebrate Enza's 13th birthday.  My wife found the Arlo NoMad Hotel on-line and what a fabulous find this proved to be.  The hotel is very charming and has a great vibe about it,  The rooms we had were so great with incredible views of the City and the Empire State Building.  The amenities like food credits and good food in the hotel restaurant were very much appreciated. What made our stay at the hotel so incredibly special was the level of service from all of the staff. Prior to our arriving my wife had talked with Carly Antonioli the Assistant Front Office Manager.  She was so wonderful in helping my wife plan our stay.  She shared that when she turned 13 her grandparents had taken her to London. We met
bubble_20	I wasn't going to write a review but after completing a survey from the hotel and then having some correspondence from the hotel where the told me in no uncertain terms "if you don't like it don't come back", I am. The room was tiny, the blinds were ill fitting and didn't block out the light, there is no coffee making facilities in the room or mini bar or much else.   The maintenance staff was rude as was the person who responded to my comments. Would never stay here again.   Lots of better places in the area.
bubble_40	First off let us say that we love this hotel! We have stayed before and we love it. It's very unique, location is awesome, customer service is excellent. This time our room AC didn't work at all. After the first night we mentioned it and they said they would have someone come look or get us moved. I don't think either happened because it was just as hot. Like constant glaze on your forehead hot!  Other than that hiccup, we enjoyed this hotel like we have before and we won't hold it against them and will stay again.
bubble_30	I booked this hotel from a third party website and knowing I most likely won't get a picturesque view from my room. And no I didn't get that. Their views are quite specific and if you weren't asking for the specific rooms, you mosslikely won't get those Instagram perfect views.  Aside from that, the room I stayed in are extremely tiny with glass door of the shower stall directly facing curtain window towards the building across. Therefore privacy is a concern and you do have to be quite careful.  The service was ok just normal New York attitude, almost too cool to school. But I do have to point out that there wasn't anyone helping me carry the luggage in (not I had a lot either) and while I was waiting to pick up my valet upon departure, I also didn't see any door man up front
bubble_50	The hotel is awsome with a good location, nice food, pretty much everything we could need with an awsome environment. You were all very kind, we liked a lot staying here!! Thanks a lot to Miguel for helping us out everytime we needed!!
bubble_50	I had a great experience at Arlo. I stayed for 2 nights. The room was very clean, the staff extremely professional and helpful. We tried the restaurant as well and the food was quality and reasonably priced. I was actually pleasantly surprised in how they made everything uneventful but met all my needs.
bubble_30	the room was clean but small, and my bed was overall comfortable. I wouldnt call it a 4star hotel by any stretch due to odors (outside - really smelly neighbors, which I understand is hard to control; however the 4star hotel should clean up their own trash in front of the entrance, there was a mountain of trash at the front door in the morning ), the lack of nice food in the hotel is suprising  the restaurant, or the little caf or the rooftop bar were far from exciting (the view yes, but the offerings boring and not tasty.)  or the fact that there is no proper ventilation in the room to reduce the smell from the open bathroom concept, or the incredibly loud AC system  I felt like I was at the airport all night. overall, i was really disappointed and wouldn't stay there
bubble_40	For the price, location and quality of room, this is not a bad deal. Room is small, was expected when I see the description before booking, around 150sqft. But Air condition is pretty loud, elevator is slow because of lots floor, and people going to rooftop bar. Sink in the room has the faucet on the left side, which is inconvenient. Love the self check-in and check-out, fast and easy.
bubble_50	The Arlo nomad has been the best place you could stay in New York, it is disturbingly central, there is amazing food right around the corner and to be honest the hotel staff has been beyond expectation.  I want to give a shout out to Ch, hes  been one of the most hospitable person that Ive ever met in New York City,  besides being amazingly professional, hes shown me affection every single time Ive stepped into the hotel or stepped out of the hotel and from viewing from afar he is amazing to every single guest that enters the hotel. Ive had a wonderful time at the Arlo and I cant wait to come back!  And can we talk about toiletries from Blind Barber so fresh and amazing!!!
bubble_50	Found Arlo Nomad through a booking service but cross-referenced it on TripAdvisor.  Excellent stay.  Was in NYC from Boston for a dinner meeting.  Hotel is a short walk from Penn Station on the edge of Koreatown.  The rooms are small by design, not by accident.  Well thought out and appointed.  Funky lobby, engaged staff.  Complimentary upgrade to corner room with floor to ceiling glass on two sides.  Terrific rooftop bar with fabulous views.  Easy to recommend.  Likely to stay again.
bubble_50	This boutique hotel has it all..location, great staff, rooms are lovely and immaculate...beds are comfy and bedding is beautiful...the rooftop is breathtaking...I had  the breakfast buffet and dinner in restaurant and that didnt disappoint ... very good........it you want an extra treat take a room with a view ...NYC views are captivating...It was a great great weekend at the Arlo...thanks Paola and Jennifer/Jessica..not sure of name but great people skills happening at the Arlo....Ill be back
bubble_50	I stayed for 2 nights, and had a mixed experience.  The room was small, but given the hotels description of them as micro rooms, I was pleasantly surprised.  I was originally on the 25th floor, and unfortunately their elevator situation is not great.  They have a busy rooftop bar that monopolizes one elevator for long periods of time, and one morning when I needed to get downstairs to meet someone it took more than 10 minutes.  After the first night, I expressed my frustration to the front desk host, BreAna, and she offered to change my room to a lower floor (there is one elevator that only serves the lower 8 floors).  I initially declined because I did not want to pack up everything in my room, but later decided to take her up on the offer.  When I got to my new room, she
bubble_50	I opted to stay at the Arlo Nomad after hearing such wonderful things about it from a friend. I don't know New York City that well so truthfully I didnt realize exactly how convenient the location was going to be until I arrived. WOW! I ALMOST NEVER HAD TO TAKE A CAB AS I WAS A 20 MINUTE WALK FROM EVERYWHERE!  I was greeted at the front desk by a lovely woman who checked me in with three awesome vouchers that come with your stay - coffee, pizza, and discounted snacks from their 24/7 in house bodega. WHO COULD ASK FOR MORE?  More over, the rooftop bar "The Heights" had the most beautiful view and subsequently a great scene as well!   The rooms are small but clean, modern and beautiful.   The lobby is modern and eclectic, with a delicious restaurant in house - Massoni.   I can't
bubble_40	We stayed here for four nights whilst visiting the sights of NYC. Its in a perfect location, really close to the Empire State Building and close enough to the subway to see all the other tourist spots! The room was small, but quirky, clean and perfect for a stay of this kind! The bathroom was excellent and the maid service visited very day and left fresh towels and the place nicely freshened. The roof top bar is a must and an amazing place for a drink with a view! Only slight criticism and nothing that the hotel can do about it, is the construction work across the way! They start early and were quite noisy; once thats finished its a definite 5star place to stay!
bubble_40	Arlo nomad is definitely worth the price. Location was a few blocks away from Macys, Jcpenny's, etc. 15 to 20 mins walk to times square. Hop on and hop on bus stops the street before hotel. Lots of food choices in the vicinity. Enjoyed my stay and would recommend to anyone visiting NYC
bubble_50	I recently booked a last minute corporate group at Arlo NoMad for a sales kick off event.   My clients have used various hotels in NYC from full service to limited service boutique but do to proximity to off site  meeting location we opted for Arlo NoMad and the reviews are fab!   Upon check in, my VIP were upgraded to sky room.s.. the late arrival VP was offered pizza  to compliment the mini bottle of wine amenity at check in... After a long day of delayed flights he appreciated that extra thoughtfulness and made the internal meeting planner look like Rock Star... some of the Folks got in early Pilates before heading to meeting  Rooms are equipped with built in USB chargers and outlets are easily accessible so moving furniture needed
bubble_40	I stayed here 3 nights in late June, and overall, I liked the hotel a lot.  Every member of the staff that I encountered went out of his or her way to attend to my questions and requests.  The room was small. but modern and comfortable, with a fine shower and a good bed.  WiFi was fast.  It is new enough that they are still working out some issues.  Light bulbs need replacement, adjustment was needed to keep the shower head in place, etc.  Workmen came to fix things when asked.  The elevator system sometimes required a long wait.  When I spoke to a manager, he was very attentive to all my comments -- good and not so good -- and he shared with me the plans to improve the software and scheduling algorithm, which would shorten average waiting times.  Not quite 5-star yet, but they
bubble_20	We stayed 3 nights at Arlo Nomad and regretted our decision.   Firstly, you would be expected to wait on avg. 5-8 min for the lifts and they move as slowly as ancient, antique lifts.  As for the staff service, when collecting our luggage from the Concierge, we had to wait 20 min for them. It turned out that our luggage was stored on 4th floor and due to limited lift access, we had to wait through that 20 min. When we tried to double check on the luggages status, we were responded with you are not the only one waiting for your luggage you know and fair enough - 8 other guests were waiting for their luggage too. However, we do not believe that should be the normal and fair customer service.   Lastly, the aircon was noisy and we were kept awake the first two nights of our stay,
bubble_50	Yes is not cheap, yes the rooms are not huge. But this is a boutique hotel where design, comfort and style mingles very well.   Just enjoy the place, the food and the bar where you will meet friendly service. Something un New York...   Highly recommended,   Daniel L. #1607 July 21-24
bubble_50	Stayed at Arlo NoMad for work and thoroughly enjoyed it! The room was immaculate, the bed was super comfortable, and there was plenty of space for one. There's a delicious Italian restaurant on the first floor and a rooftop bar with great views of the city. A lovely spot to stay in NYC!
bubble_50	Cool hotel, great restaurant and bar and best coffee in the lobby coffee shop. Bre'anna was so helpful when I thought I'd lost something , turns out I had it but the team were on point to help! Shame I didn't get the weather for the roof top bar as it looked like it'd be good. Will defo go back.
bubble_40	The arlo is very cool. The arlo rooftop is very cool, if you can get up there! Its often closed for private functions & if the weather is poorly so dont delay in visiting it if youre only there a couple of nights. And prepare yourself for $15 drinks (1) and $20 snacks! (This is NYC)  The rooms are TINY but the space is used quite well, although after 5 days with two people I was starting to go a little stir crazy, but youd be pressed to find anything bigger for a comparable price in NYC. The shower was amazing  and a great view from the 20th floor    The location is awesome, walking distance to most tourist attractions. Plenty of restaurants around.   Meal at the restaurant was DELICIOUS! I would give the coffee out the front a miss though and go elsewhere for coffee.
bubble_50	Came here for a girls trip with my friends, the rooftop was amazing the view at night were killer. The room we booked was a queen sky view. Our first night we didnt exactly get the view we expected but Angie from front desk definitely treated us with an upgraded view, she also spotted us on some cocktails and ice cream for the inconvenience of our first night and made sure our trip was worth its while for sure, next time we return shes our go to rockstar, overall the location is perfect. Two blocks away from the Empire State Building, elevators were a little bit of a hassle but overall our stay was amazing! Thank you for such amazing service its little things that definitely sparkle up the trip!
bubble_50	Rooms are small but very well organized, clean and modern. The service was excellent by the front desk and bellman.  Has a great vibe and energy about the place.  I loved the smell of the aromatherapy scent in the lobby so much that I bought a bottle of it to take home.  Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Lovely modern hotel with fantastic staff, in the perfect location for sightseeing just 2 minutes walk from the Empire State building, 10 minutes walk to the Flatiron building, Chrysler building, Rockefeller plaza, Grand Central Terminal, about 5 minutes walk to a Subway station.
bubble_50	I stayed here recently with a friend. The hotel is in a perfect location and the staff are so friendly and inviting! The hotel is so stylish. The art in the lobby is cool and it was fun just to check that out! The room I had was the bunk bed room which was so awesome, it was a small space but was very well thought out with outlets and USB outlets :))) and TV's for each bunk!! The bathroom was also really cool  Overall I cant wait to stay here again!!!!
bubble_50	We stayed in the Queen Sky room for our anniversary, it was an absolutely beautiful view with an extremely clean and well furnished room. We were surprised with a cute note congratulating us, along with a bottle of champagne and macarons. The hotel was an ideal location for walking and also very close to the subway station. Thank you for making us feel so warm here! We will definitely be back!
bubble_50	Small but clean and functional rooms, very good shower, nice and helpful staff! 5th Avenue only a few meters away. All midtown sights in walking distance. Breakfast was nice and reasonably priced, a 24/7 coffee shop / deli is right around the corner.
bubble_50	Amil Deljanin was able to accommodate an urgent request and handled it with grace, speed, and professionalism. He was cordial, thorough, and made my stay enjoyable. People like him make me want to go back, which I plan on doing. Highly recommend - ask for him and you will be taken care of!
bubble_50	The location was ideal for walking or for catching the subway. Inside, the hotel was clean and completely all we needed. The staff made our stay excellent. The rooftop bar gave us the best city and Empire State views imaginable. We'll come back!
bubble_50	Liz was incredible when she greeted our family and helped us get situated in our rooms - It was the perfect place to stay and we LOVED it! The rooftop is a must see & the rooms themselves had picturesque views of the surrounding buildings. Highly recommend this place!
bubble_40	I have not been in New York for quite a long time. I am glad to learn that there are many new hotels with different style in the city.   I found that the location of this hotel was great and I could spend less than 10 minutes to go to all major office towers by taxi.   The interior design is cosy and contemporary. I do like the hotel lobby.  The Food & Beverage offers are not as much as I expect.   In the room, I could not find much in-room amenities. Maybe, this should be the trend for all  new Hotels. However, it would be great if they could put one or two bottles of water for our consumption.
bubble_40	This is a recently remodeled hotel and the decor is simple but modern. The rooms are definitely on the small side, but well laid out to to maximize use. The location is excellent as you are just a few blocks away from Madison Square Park and the 6 subway line is close by. It has a nice rooftop bar with spectacular views (Empire State building!), but if the weather is nice it will be packed with locals. That would be my only complaint, if the rooftop bar has a lot of traffic, you will have to wait a long time to catch the elevator.
bubble_50	Stayed there on a short business trip. Perfectly designed and efficient rooms. Great value for money given location and my love of Ilili a fantastic restaurant nearby. Impressive sky views and a hopping night scene. Really enjoyed my stay, and the staff, especially Geneva, are most helpful and warm! Just what I needed after a long trip from Europe! Highly recommended!
bubble_50	Excellent stay from start to finish.  Front desk staff very helpful from checking in to checking out. Modern rooms that are very clean and comfortable.  Roof top bar an extra bonus with great views. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	The ARLO gets it all right !! This hotel is so cool, the Staff is awesome and the lobby is very cool.  The rooms are super modern and spotless and well designed. The roof top view is incredible.   I highly recommend this property
bubble_50	As always, the Arlo Nomad did not dissapoint. Every time I come to New York I will always choose the Arlo Nomad! It is centrally located in the city and the hotel is gorgeous! However, the staff is what makes my stay worthwhile. Everyone is always willing to go out of their way to make the guest feel at home. The staff exceeded my expectations, especially Cordell who made sure I was happy with my accommodations. The quest can definitely rely on a V.I.P. experience! I give my highest recommendation!
bubble_50	My bf proposed to me yesterday night and Arlo Nomad was the perfect Hotel to make the whole weekend an amazing experience. The staff was incredibly supportive, attentive, and helpful all the time (specially Gabriel de Salas, Lobby Host) to make sure we had everything we needed. The King Skyview room has the best views Ive ever seen from a hotel room and rooftop has also impressive views of the city (super close to the Empire State). All in all, I definitely recommend visiting Arlo Nomad.
bubble_50	The staff is very friendly and the accommodations/hotel facilities are excellent! The rooms are clean and the view is breathtaking! And the Wi-Fi in the room was also excellent! I will definitely stay there again if I go back to NYC!
bubble_30	Have been to NYC many times and often stay in boutique hotels. The Arlo has been my least favourite stay to date.   Pros:  - bodega in the lobby with good snacks - first come first serve bikes available (would never use personally but its a cute feature) - overall nice design throughout   Cons: - nobody greets you upon arrival and you self check in through a computer - elevators are TERRIBLE!! The hotel has an amazing roof top view but unfortunately you dont have to stay at the hotel to go up there. The elevators were constantly PACKED and slow. At night we often waited 10-15 minutes just to exit because 3 cars would come by completely full. The arlo should allow only 1 elevator to go to the rooftop not to inconvenience the guests - not a lot of privacy inside the room since
bubble_30	Elevators take forever if you have a half hour to waste every time you leave your room, go for it, also the beds are hard I couldnt walk the next day after 1 night, very small rooms & the shower door doesnt stay closed, get ready to jam a facecloth on the door. Overall the staff was very friendly but very rooms are very small
bubble_50	Arlo NoMad made our 24th anniversary so dreamy, relaxing, and well worth EVERY MINUTE I spent planning our NYC trip!! I read review after review prior to our travel, and though no establishment can always "hit the mark" with satisfying all, they went OVER & BEYOND our expectations! Maggie, thanks for all you did to attempt to ensure we would get the type of room we requested-stayed in room #2402 (haha, 24th floor for our 24th anniversary!). Paolo (hope I spelled that right), thanks for being so sweet, and for being so helpful when we had questions about the city. Janelle, as I mentioned when we met you-YOU ARE FAMOUS!..and deserve every bit of it!- Kiara, working the Bodega, made us feel like we were about the only two people on earth; one of our 3 nights there, we told her we
bubble_50	Great new boutique hotel in midtown, super convenient to theaters, Penn Station, Grand Central etc.  First time visit, and front desk team made me feel like I was returning to my favorite club as a VIP.  Special shout out to Cordell Nelson - incredible helpful and nice there at front desk.  In a competitive hotel market, what stands out is exceptional service and comfortable room, and the Arlo sure delivers on both!
bubble_50	We had only 1 night in NY and wanted to show as much as possible to 2 teenagers from Russia. The hotel is located next to the 5th avenue, upper floors have a fantastic view. The ESB is next to the hotel. Nice, convenient, clean with a great wifi. The hotel called a taxi as we requested - we needed a big car enough for all of us and luggage. The owner of Getpickup Ese  ODiah was a dream driver and a great person. It was not just a trip to the airport, it was one of the most interesting meetings with a great personality.
bubble_50	I live in New York but stayed in the city for the holiday. Arlo was the place to be to see some fire works. Staff- Perfect and welcoming Cleanliness- Perfect Car Service- Great Conversationalist   The car service the hotel provided was great I think the company name  is called Pickup. I checked how much it would cost to take Uber home and it was too expensive, the hotel provided a flat fare which was cheaper than Uber. Great driver and very clean car. The driver gave me his card for whenever I stay in the city but I lost it. I think his name is Essay not sure if I spell it right but he was great and looking forward to staying at Arlo whenever Im staying in town.
bubble_50	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The staff were lovely throughout our stay, the rooms were very nice and cleaned every day - and cleaned well.   Lovely food in the restaurant - had a nice twist.  Close to a lot of places.  Super, super cool and me and my partner will definitely be coming back next year and will recommend to all our friends and family.
bubble_50	This was my second stay at Arlo NoMad and it will defintely not be my last. It is the perfect place to call home for a few days, whether for business or pleasure. Excellent staff and small but efficient, modern, clean and comfortable rooms with well-placed USB and electrical outlets, amazing shower and even a small fridge (plus safe, hairdryer and steamer)! The location is also perfect, in the heart of Koreatown and walking distance to Penn Station and 34th street, etc. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	The Arlo NoMad has been the most welcoming hotel I have ever stayed at their personal are extremely welcoming, friendly, and ready to help at any time. Miguel and Carly have been the most caring/ attending personal I have ever encountered in my travels. Thank you soooo much can wait to be back.
bubble_50	Amazing customer service!! Very clean and comfortable rooms! The roof top is an amazing view of the city and the Empire State Building! You should definitely have dinner at the hotel one night as the food is amazing. They also have a great work space
bubble_50	We couldn't have had a better time at the Arlo on fourth of July weekend. My fiance and I spent one night here and it was the best experience I've ever had with staying at a hotel in New York City. The service was phenomenal, highlighted mainly by the very gracious and super-friendly front desk agent Paola, who let us check in over 3 hours early. Check-in and check-out was speedy, and they let us check our bags for free all day each day, even when we were past our stay. Our room was pristine and the sky view was incredible. We have stayed in much more expensive luxury hotels in Battery Park, Times Square, and Chelsea, but this view was by far the most incredible. The room also offers great amenities despite its small size, with lots of towels and toiletries complimentary. The
bubble_30	If you're into the tiny boutique hotel room trend, then the Arlo Nomad has everything you need. The room is small (this is a given with these types of hotels), though must say it's well thought out and uses the space to it's advantage. I actually didn't mind the room, had a nice view, shower was great, storage space just enough and overall clean and tidy. My only complaint was the bedding. Pillows were so flat (felt like i needed 10 of them) and the duvet was lacking any warmth. Am used to the comfort of plump pillows and plush duvets, these were neither. The elevators were a bit of an issue, long wait times and cards not always scanning properly inside. Biggest complaint was the lack of sound proofing in the hallways... Though made for some interesting listening sessions if
bubble_40	Arlo Nomad is fun boutique hotel located in Midtown near the K-town and Empire State building. Yes, room is small as other reviewers mentioned but its New York. More you pay, you get a better view and larger room. I recommend city view for bigger window and slightly better view overlooking the buildings.   And another controversial thing about this hotel - Theres not so much privacy for shower and toilet so stay with close friends or someone who knows you. I had no issue or problem during my stay, but it can be a little awkward if youre not comfortable hearing or seeing the silhouette of someones business.   During my stay, hotel was crowded with tourists and lobby was always full with people so there was no place to sit or relax. However, you can go to the second floor and
bubble_50	I highly recommend anyone to stay here, this was my second time in a year staying here and it will be my only go to when visiting New York.  The view from the rooms is absolutely breathtaking and from their roof top bar is even better! The staff are so kind and accommodating especially Zack and Matteo. I literally cannot fault this hotel and it will only make your trip to NYC better!
bubble_40	I liked the vibe of this hotel, lots of energy right from the get go.  Its very busy and seems to cater to a young crowed.   Roof Top Bar with great views.  Drinks are equally high.  The staff was very nice and agreeable and quick to help.  The rooms are very small but still a good price for New York.  They are designed well for the space,but are not for people who carry a lot of luggage around with them or have small kids.  Its for the no nonsense traveler who knows how to travel lite. Bed was very comfy and room was clean.  I will stay here again and if your traveling alone and your wanting to be in the shopping district around 34th street I recommend it.  Down side, the halls don't have good sound proofing, yet I did not experience anyone being rude of overly loud at night
bubble_50	Thank you again to Arlo NoMad for making my stay and experience so wonderful! The view from the 18th floor was amazing, as was the excellent service your team provided.  I loved my free morning coffee and the quick check in and handy baggage storage option that was provided.
bubble_50	New, very clean modern hotel with a friendly and helpful staff. Great location, great restaurants and roof top bar! Great value for your money. Lovely common areas to lounge and relax and recharge! We will definitely be back at Arlo Nomad!
bubble_30	The positive:  very clean, lovely rooftop, good location, quiet despite lively attractive crowds of guests.  Its a nice space. The negative:   extremely small rooms!  In fact its hard to describe the bathroom as a separate, private room.  Better be super comfortable with your travel mates!  Frosted glass sliding door - not very private    Our room was not cleaned during our 2 night stay.  We were out 10-4, came back to get ready for night out & room hadnt been cleaned. We were told they could give us new towels but there wasnt anyone there to clean it that evening.  Not tragic, were clean people but, really???   No coffee maker or water bottles in the room hurt the most (no, I think the bathroom weirdness did). Could spend a fortune in lobby on stuff or walk to DD, &
bubble_40	Very simple and basic but comfortable and clean rooms. Centrally located just steps for Empire State Building which you can see from the bedroom. Front desk/reception very helpful and friendly. Charming lobby area with cool decor. Nice rooftop terrace with great view. Very good price for the area.
bubble_50	Right as I walked in the door, Carlos, one of the lobby hosts greeted me like I was his long lost friend and made me feel so welcome.   My room is amazing with a great view of the Empire State Building and the hotel has everything you can think of to make your stay wonderful.   I recommend this hotel 10/10!
bubble_50	This hotel is definitely worth stay at when you're in NYC. It's modern, clean, fun and the staff there are unreal. Geneva and Miguel are some of the sweetest people you can find in NYC, they took very good care of my mother and I while we were there. Plus the location was super convenient. You definitely have to stay here!
bubble_50	Hotel is super clean, bed comfortable, all staff are friendly and accommodating. Room is small but was fine for us. No street noise (we were on 10th floor). Rooftop bar was wonderful, great views of the city and excellent guacamole! My only complaint was elevator was slow but we would stay here again.
bubble_30	I have mixed feelings about my stay at Arlo Nomad. On one hand it's a hip modern hotel but on the other hand there are some amenities I didn't feel too happy about. Overall, this is not your traditional hotel.  The place was overrun with millennials (nothing wrong with that cuz I am one but just know its definitely a fun youthful hotel.  The decor elements are very masculine in nature and rooms are modern and sleek.  Things I liked: -Convenient location to Penn Station -Cool lobby design -Cool bars located on different floors -Clean modern rooms -Rooftop bar/lounge -They upgraded me to a city view -Good rates -Good foot spots nearby  Things I didn't like:  -Elevators are painfully slow and hallways near elevator are so tiny they get crowded quickly. Very uncomfortable!  -Room
bubble_50	Nice Hotel with very friendly and helpful staff. Great view of Empire State Building from the rooftop Bar. Central location in Midtown, not far from Harold Square, Macys and a lot of fabuless Korean Restaurants.
bubble_50	A very cosy hotel. It is just like in the pictures. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Elizabeth upgraded our room because of the noise from the constructors across the street.  Awesome view from the rooftop. The rooms are very clean. A+  You are the best!
bubble_50	Throughly enjoyed our first trip to New York and this was made even better by the fact we had chosen to stay at the Arlo NoMad Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the amenities were good . Liked the fantastic view from the rooftop bar and the mini sky walk they have up there . Rooms are very well appointed given the premium space and surprisingly quiet given the noise of the city. Would recommend to anyone visiting New York.
bubble_50	The view from my room was amazing, and huge thanks to the staff for thoughtfully placing me on a high floor as I'd requested. The lobby was chic, clean, and the service was friendly and fast. I really loved the free bikes they let guests use, it was a great way to get around NY traffic and see more of the city!
bubble_40	The views from my corner bedroom were amazing and it is definitely on the compact side. But this is to be expected in NY.   There is no gym in the hotel but there is one down the street which I made use of.   Staff were lovely and helpful. Breakfast were great too.
bubble_50	Hotel is positioned nearby the empirestate building. Our room had a nice view on the empirestate buidling. Closeby to shops and public metro stations  Hotel room are not very big but enough room for 2 people. Rooms are kept very clean.
bubble_40	This hotel is stunning, it really is. The rooms, though very small, have everything you need...and that view! It is like you are sleeping in the sky. The shared spaces are designed beautifully and there is definitely a 'cool kids' vibe here. The location is perfect and we really loved the hotel except a few small gripes: - for the money there should be a door man to help you with your bags - very slow staff - we had to wait nearly 15 minute for them to get our bags, which was only frustrating as we had a cab waiting and the staff seemed to be in no rush to get them.
bubble_50	I've stayed in plenty nice Hotels in Nyc. This place stands apart from the rest. 3 reasons: Location, roof bar and the VIEWS! You have too book a "sky room" to get a view like no other. Truly amazing. The room was smallish but super comfy King bed. Great amenities. I truly enjoyed my stay and will definitely come back for that view:)
bubble_50	My friend and I took a trip to NYC for the first time and I must say we made the right choice by choosing the arlo nomad.... the rooms are simple yet modern. We stayed in room 2606 and the view was phenomenal! The staff at the rooftop was really fun to talk to and they even gave my friend and I a free drink..everyone at the lobby was very nice! Paula was always very welcoming and made some great recommendations. By the way, if you go to NYC you must try the speed boat to the Statue of Liberty!!  Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and we will be back for my sisters birthday in January!
bubble_50	We went here slightly after it opened at noon on a Sunday, trapped in the area during the Gay Pride Parade.  As police were blocking the street, the rooftop was practically empty so we had a really relaxing 2hrs just chilling with drinks and enjoying the view and lots of space to sit and lounge.  Service to get upstairs at the front desk was very courteous and same for the ladies working at the bar upstairs.  Haven't been here when it's crowded so hard to say if it's different, but we thoroughly enjoyed our time here.  Downstairs you can get pizza and there's also this great little Korean place called "Her Name is Han"; all very instagram worthy.
bubble_50	We stayed here for one night and the hotel is great.  Very close to Penn station and easy access to all of the cool things that Manhattan has to offer.   The staff are professional and very helpful. We had an issue with a noisy neighbor on our floor and they took care of it quickly.   This is a hip hotel and that means off beat decor, different ways of doing some things, and some quirky rooms.   If you are ok with that then youll enjoy staying here.
bubble_50	I stayed here for 3 nights with my partner from the 15th June and apart from a minor issue with the safe (which was taken care of by the management promptly) we had a great stay. Its super clean with great views from the Heights bar on the rooftop. staff are very accommodating and friendly. The only issue we had was trying to get down from the 15th floor during peak times where the elevator can be extremely busy, but other than that it was great value for money, in a great location and is a place I would definitely stay again. Only other minor issue was that its advertised that you can get Coffee from 6.30am but there isn't anyone around to serve you other than filtered coffee when you want a cappuccino :(
bubble_50	With the online rate, we stayed in mid-town for under $300.00 with tax! Small room but clean, efficient, and the ceiling to floor windows give the room much more space. GF really liked the room and that's all that counts. Easy check-in and check-out, great location, and wonderful rooftop views.
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. From the moment we arrived till we left we were made to feel welcome, and in particular Elizabeth at reception was a great help in getting some tickets sorted for us and very patient and lovely about our requests! Our room was small (expected!) but modern, clean and attended to every day. We only ate at the restaurant once but the food was beautiful. The views from the rooftop bar are amazing! It was a great start to our new york stay to be able to see the empire state building so closely. All in all I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay here again.
bubble_30	The first impression of the hotel was awesome. We were greeted by a member of their Lobby Crew by the name of Miguel. He was absolutely amazing. We arrived quite early at about 8 am. So we stopped by the hotel to drop off our bags. He booked us a reservation for a steak house, and even included that it was for a special occasion (it turned out to be awesome we got free desert!). He gave us the lay of the land and helped us get a head start when it came to using the subway system, and even gave us a free subway map. So check-in was at 3 pm; we came back to the hotel around 2:30 just so that we knew we would be ready to check in right at 3 pm to get showered and prepared for out reservation (unfortunately Miguel wasn't there). We went to the Massoni and had a few drinks. around 3
bubble_50	There are literally three bars located in this hotel. First floor, second floor and top floor (The Heights).   Not only was I drunk the entire trip  I ate until I couldnt eat anymore.   The staff is freaking amazing! I love it there.
bubble_50	Fun, young , Hip hotel.  Lovely roof top Bar but expensive up there , worth it for at least one great view of the Empire State Building. Staff are all helpful and welcoming.  The rooms are lovely , spotless clean nice high up room , rooms are small more Pod like but  everything you need lovely toiletries, fun lighting. You can have bright ideas at the Arlo Nomad. (See in room photo)
bubble_50	I recently spent a night at Arlo Nomad and was impressed by the amazing customer service provided by Paula Munoz at the front desk from check in to check out.  She's top notch!  The Heights rooftop bar is hip and fun!  And the Massoni lobby bar is a good place to chill before dinner too.  Can't wait to go back and stay at one of the sky view rooms the next time.  Location is very central and next to a lot of nice little restaurants...Morning yoga at the rooftop is also quite breathtaking with the Empire State as your backdrop!  Can't beat that!
bubble_50	Stayed at Arlo a couple of days last weekend and it was totally worth it. The location is very centric, you have empire estate a couple of blocks walking, a 15-minute walk to times square. Customer service was amazing, especially Paola, she was very kind and always willing to help. I am considering staying here again on my next trip.
bubble_50	I found Arlo NoMad quite by chance as I was searching for a hotel room for an upcoming business trip. I was impressed by the location (easy to get to from Penn Station) - safe and walkable to my business meetings and sites around the city. Everyone from the doorperson to the registration/check-in desk was cordial and welcoming. Dined as Massoni (tasty Italian fare) and picked up a coffee at the NoMad Bodega (lobby food and drink). My room was the cleanest I think I've ever stayed in (and I've traveled a lot for leisure and business.) The room was cozy (small) but for one traveler it was perfect. I'd highly recommend the Arlo NoMad to friends and colleagues and will be back when I find myself in NYC again!
bubble_40	While traveling to NYC for business, I stayed at the Arlo NoMad. The hotel itself is clean and nicely decorated. I also found the staff to be very friendly. The rooms are quite small, but this is expected within the city. Heck, the entire hotel is narrow. From this location, you are a short walk to many eateries.
bubble_50	Stayed here for almost 2 weeks while I had some apartment issues. People at the reception were always so helpful and having a moment to chat which is very nice. Good tips on where to go and a beautiful modern room with a gorgeous view. Would definitely come back.
bubble_50	So much more amazing than originally anticipated. PERFECT space for a week-long business trip... and will definitely be at the top of the list for a romantic getaway w/ the GF in the future.  Kudos, Arlo NoMad. Im a HUGE fan.
bubble_40	Great hotel. Good location next to Empire State Building. If you stay here, you can take great pictures of it from the rooftop bar. The rooftop bar also has a glass floor. Try it out!  A big minus is the fact that there are only two elevators serving all 31 floors. Getting to the lobby in the morning takes some time. Actually a lot of time!
bubble_50	We stayed for 2 nights early May. I had written in advance to request the highest floor possible for our room type. We ended up at the 23rd floor with a perfect view on the Empire State Building. Even though the room is fairly small, it is very comfortable and clean. Cozy bed and probably best hotel room shower I've come across. The corridor downstairs where the elevators are might become crowded on days when the rooftop bar is open. But that bar is a very nice plus and we could even wander around on a night that it was not open. Very friendly staff and we were lucky to be able to use the complementary bikes for a full day. Exploring the city by bike was a very pleasant discovery. I've already recommended the hotel to several people, I hope I can come back myself one day.
bubble_50	The check-in gets you started the right way. Its easy and the friendly staff are helping you if you should have a problemem. The room we had was as we had expected. Its on the smaller side, but the feature to have the batroom sink in the "hallway" is nice. Its the perfect room for two. We also got to lend the complementary bikes. If you would like to use them on the weekend, get up early. They are come first, sirve first. The bikes are a realy fun way to travel around the manhattan. We took the bikes down to Battery Park, on a sunny day. We think that this must be the highlight of the trip. On the day of the check-out we were expecting a delivery from a store. It should have come by noon - but when we were leaving at 7PM the delivery had not shown up. The very helpfull
bubble_50	We stayed at the Arlo Nomad from May 28th to June 4th and loved every minute of the experience! Our room was a Queen Sky View, room 2802. The room is indeed small but very functional and makes the view be the protagonist of everything - its like sleeping in the skies. The bed and linen are amazing, perfect for resting after a long day in the city, as well as the shower and amenities. The view at the rooftop is incredible, with a privileged view of the Empire State Building. The pizza is really delicious (although very spicy, be careful!) and the food at Massoni too - dont miss the arancini. Great location, with many options of subway lines close to a short walk. Only thing would be that there is no privacy in here, so only stay here with someone with whom you really have
bubble_50	The hotel is situated between 5th Ave and Madison Ave. just around the corner from the Empire State Building. Cosy rooms with small bathroom. No drinks facilities in the room but a cafe downstairs that does tea and coffee and pastries. A free safe under the bed. A small fridge is in the room too. Not masses of hanging space but its enough. A hair dryer and steamer is also provided. There is a very popular roof top bar, where you can relax and take in the views of New York. The staff are very friendly and helpful and we couldnt have done without them. Nothing was too much trouble.
bubble_50	We stayed here for a week.  Our room (floor 8 standard double) was absolutely quiet (at back), very comfortable and the air con worked perfectly.  There is a dedicated lift for floors 1-8 so we never had to wait long for it.  The rooms are small but very well planned - advise don't take two enormous suitcases!  Our two medium sized ones fitted in fine under the desk area.  Also not much room for clothes storage but we managed ok.  Fridge and loan umbrella very useful - we had quite mixed weather.  Bed very comfortable too, with good mattress and linen.  Hotel is very clean and well maintained with good food options onsite at a reasonable cost.  Staff are great and all very helpful.  The rooftop bar is a great asset in the evening for a drink with a view. Terrific location, we
bubble_50	Amazing hotel! We stayed at Arlo NoMad for five nights in May/June 2018.  I booked the trip for my boyfriend's 30th birthday and it didn't disappoint. The hotel staff were excellent and the room was spotless.  We had a queen sky room on the 27th floor with floor to ceiling windows - a really amazing experience just being able to sit in your room and look out at New York.  We got there on a Tuesday evening and went straight up to the rooftop bar "The Heights".  I was really blown away by this - the views are incredible up there and you are literally right under the Empire State building.  Great music too - perfect to just sit/stand and have a beer and look out at the city.  Although the bar is quite "hip" it is suitable for all ages and very welcoming.  We stayed right through
bubble_50	Excellent hotel with great location. We had a queen view room in the floor 22th and even if it was a little small, the view from the city and the comfort compensated the size.  The restaurant Massoni is not that good, I believe you can eat much better in the neighborhood. The rooftop bar in the other hand is great. Excelent space with great comfort and an almost 360 view of NYC.  Our only bad comment would be the elevators, there are only 2 of them for the 31 floor and normally are very crowded, so if you are in a hurry to go up or down you can feel frustrated. In addition, on our checkout day, only one elevator was working so it took us 30 minutes to go down with our luggage.  But in general it was excellent and definitely well be back.
bubble_50	We stayed here in Nov 2017 and I cant say anything negative about this hotel. Yes the rooms arent the biggest but as we read the description of the hotel we knew what to expect. End of the day youre in New York City, how much time will you spending in your room?! All the staff were outstanding and couldnt do enough to help you. We ate in the restaurant one night, and the food matches the great hotel! Rooms were clean, had everything we needed and I cant put into words how amazing the views were. Even though the rooftop bar was closed for our stay you can still go up and take in even more of the beautiful views. My now fianc even proposed there! Thank you for making our trip of a life time even more special. X
bubble_50	We had such a wonderful stay. Miguel Aviles was the first person to greet us when we arrived, and he was the last person to wish us a safe trip home. It was such excellent service every minute of our stay. The staff here are very sweet. All in all we absolutely loved the Arlo Nomad. We stayed in a room with an outside patio, get this type of room if you can. It's worth the upgrade. Rooms are stylishly designed and make efficient use of the space. Great rooftop and mezzanine lounge. And the location can't be beat, close to everything and the restaurants in the neighborhood are fantastic.
bubble_50	What a fantastic hotel to use as a hub in the middle of Manhattan. Even before we arrived it was a very positive experience. We had an arrival date change enforced upon us by our airline and as we'd already paid a non refundable rate I let the hotel know just as a matter of courtesy. However, having sent them proof the changes were out of our control the booking was amended within a couple of hours. It really was very slick customer service.  On arrival, we were too early to get in our room but it was no problem checking in, leaving our bags safely at reception and wandering off into the city. It's a simple thing that often seems to be a problem for hotels, reasons for which I never understand, but here, it was just 'no problem Sir, go have fun and come back when you're ready'.
bubble_50	Found this hotel via expedia; central location near the Empire State Building; hotel rooms are small, but efficiently furniture; love the shower, where you can put in an elephant (if the elephant fits the elevator and door to the room ;-) ); rooftop Bar with an unbelievable view straight on the EBS; free bikes for a trip around the city; but the very best: the crew of the hotel is fantastic, smart and helpful, even when you already checked out ( when you visit the ARLO send greetings to outstanding Paola Munoz and Miguel Aviles @the Lobby); good breakfast/food in the hotel and around the corner
bubble_50	I found this hotel on instagram, and knew it was exactly what we were looking for to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. My husband and I have modern/high end taste and wanted a hotel that fit that but was affordable. This hotel was all of that and exceeded all our expectations!   The rooms are small, but perfectly designed to be efficient and not make you feel claustrophobic. Plus, the majority of hotels in New York are small, but this hotel makes up for that with its modern, sleek design! Everything about the room is gorgeous! But the one thing that truly stands out is the view! We got the King sky, and it was the best decision we could have made!!! As much as we love to be outside walking around the city, at Arlo we never wanted to leave the room.   The staff go above
bubble_40	Near Empire state building, location is very good. Good and clean and modern hotel. There is plenty of rooms and 30 floors so i think there should be more elevators. Sometimes need to wait elevator because there is only two of them..  By the way there is Bread and Butter near the hotel. There is good buffet (Korean style food) :)
bubble_50	This hotel is in an excellent location for access to most points of interest.  Well-designed rooms, although a little compact for 2 people.  The design is well done and the lobby is a bustling space which feels very welcoming.  I would stay here again!
bubble_40	The Arlo NoMad is in a central location for midtown. Its clean , its comfortable and has a few restaurants, a small  snack counter in the lobby and a fabulous rooftop bar!!  The heights is a fun rooftop bar with unbelievable views. The Empire State Building is in its glory right in front of you. The drinks were great, the view was incredible and the vibe was Trendy. The frose were our drink of choice.
bubble_40	Its location is very good, being in the centre of midtown. The rooms are bijoux but clean and functional although I did feel that it's looking a bit more "tired" than the last time I visited (a year ago) - watch out Arlo Nomad for paint scuffing as it just starts to make the place begin to look over used. The staff are very pleasant and attentive. The lifts are a pain. There are only 3 and they take their time to serve all 30 floors. Its best feature is undoubtedly the rooftop bar: worth having a margarita.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 days during Meetup's #Togetherfest - they are on Broadway, so not far away, nice hotel and my room was good.  Bar/restaurant downstairs and easy access to central New York attractions and a short walk from Times Square.
bubble_40	The hotel is a modern chic hotel with a few upscale amenities with a few upscale bars and restaurants.  The elevators are super fast and quiet but if on a busy day/night expect wait times. The hotel staff is friendly and the hotel is very clean, definitely no complaints in that area. I stayed in a king size room but it was a tight fit. I am glad I traveled light and solo, may not been enough room for two people. The bed was super comfortable and relaxing. My view was awesome from the 29th floor. Also, there are no coffee makers or small fridges in the rooms. The hotel offers a small food shop in the lobby for convenience. Expect to pay triple the prices in the shop for it's convenience.
bubble_50	My wife and I decided to go to NYC for my 40th birthday. My 3rd time and her 1st time; and we have been doubting between cheaper accommodation outside the city or pay more for a great location. And this hotel we choose was much better than we expected even though the room was small but the perfect location (so near Empire State Building) and with an emphasis: staff were amazingly friendly and we felt so warm when we arrived, when we left and when we have questions. Not one of them but several of the staff members were great. Even though NYC has plenty of hotel to choose, and I like to experience different hotels, I won't mind to go back to this one. Also, you can use their bikes for free but you have to wake up early. Thanks to our jetlag we always woke up so early that we got
bubble_50	We spent a week in New York City and loved having a base at the Arlo Nomad. The rooms are tiny but really well designed to make use of all the space. The staff were super friendly and helpful. The rooftop bar was the cherry on top with incredible views! Everything was in walking distance and the only time we used the underground was to get out of Manhattan. I would 100% stay here again!
bubble_40	I had a great 6-night stay at Arlo Nomad. Rooms are compact but designed to maximise space and the huge floor-to-ceiling windows make them seem much larger. The views are second to none - I had a view of the Empire State Building from my room! The location was great, it's super easy to walk to most of Manhatten's attractions. Staff are super friendly and will help out with anything you need. I would definitely stay here next time I am in NYC.
bubble_40	Room are expectedly small but very workable with great water works, products (Blind Barber), lighting and very quiet!! They have cute bikes you can use, Yoga on weekends (wish it was during the week for us biz travelers), and the restaurant  inside offer B L and D. Food was very good, fair price, but service was a bit slow at dinner. Brekkie is $20 and was very good, easy, quick. Bodega in lobby had snacky food but I wish they had healthier options and somewhere to eat that made sense when you really want to hustle out but need to eat and drink some coffee. Be sure to visit the rooftop, the view of the Empire State Building at night was beautiful. GREAT STAFF. Friendly, helpful.
bubble_40	The other reviews sum up well that rooms are on the small side but perfectly functional - for one they are perfect, for two, you need to co-ordinate your movements around the bed/room. For the price and location it is good. The staff are pleasant and helpful enough but feel at check in they could give you a little more info about the facilities etc, but thats not a complaint, only a suggestion.  However, I do want to flag up a major disappointment; you cannot boast roof top bars/lounges and then deny guests access to them. The theme for me over the 3 nights spent in the Arlo have been as the image below... excluding. Night one - rain, so could not access roof terrace - fair enough, second floor lounge out of bounds for private event, bar rammed as a result. That said, managed
bubble_40	Great little boutique hotel. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. The only downside is that the rooms are small. I didnt spend much time in the room as I was out on appointments so it actually was a good room for me. Very cozy. Perfect for one person. When I first entered the room, I was a little freaked out when the first thing I saw was the toilet. Once I entered the room, I felt more comfortable. I also had a little panic when I didnt see an ironing board and iron. (I iron everything) Hanging on the Wall was a bag that read blow dryer and to my surprise was a bag next to it that read Steamer. I was so excited and I felt at ease. The steamer worked perfectly. Every morning, I went down to the main floor for coffee. $4 for a large coffee but it was a good cup of
bubble_40	My husband and I spent a weekend at the Arlo NoMad recently. Staff are excellent - available, friendly, helpful. Manhattan sizes rooms with clever, space maximizing design. Comfortable and clean.   Beautiful rooftop patio.   Only real downside was that the rooftop bar and 2nd floor lounge only provide service after 5 pm.   Definitely recommend.
bubble_50	I absolutely loved my stay at Arlo NoMad. The hotel itself is super trendy and charming, and has a very inviting vibe. I was coming to New York for a work conference and the stylish look of this hotel was what caught my eye. My room was just the perfect size and everything was design in very comfortable way. The bathroom essentials from the Blind Barber line were amazing and smelled really good.   The staff itself was exceptional and very attentive, and made my overall stay very welcoming. My flight came in pretty early in the morning before my check in time and the staff made accommodations to hold my luggage and call me once my room was ready, which I truly appreciated.   Also the hotel is in perfect location and I was able to navigate with ease to all of my destinations
bubble_50	We had the best stay in the Arlo Nomad. After arriving tired from a long flight the hotel was a short walk from Penn station and all the sights in Midtown. Check in was really quick and we were delighted to find we had a corner 12th floor room despite booking at the lowest price point. We enjoyed the amazing views of the Empire State & great atmosphere of the rooftop bar. The rooms are small but space so well used and the views from bed were quite something! We made use of the free bikes to cycle to Central park which was a great unexpected bonus, and the staff were very kind in extending our check out so we could enjoy our morning bike excursion. Would highly recommend this hotel!
bubble_50	Previously visited in Sep 2017 and found my half written review... wanted to update.  As noted, I have been here twice now for one night work trips and have had nothing but the best experiences. This time I was able to enjoy the rooftop bar and restaurant-terrific!  Pros: Great, friendly staff - desk & restaurant In hotel small shop Rooftop bar  Location! walkable from Penn Station/Empire State Building & more  Meh: Rooms are a little on the small side/but fine as a solo traveler-rooms are streamlined well Not part of a major travel rewards program  Overall though-terrific-walkable to the NY office for my company and plan to stay here every time!
bubble_50	We were a couple who stayed at Arlo Nomad in the end of April 2018. We were amazed by the friendliness of the staff, the trendy style and the outstanding location of the hotel. We will definitely come back!
bubble_40	I normally stay at 48Lex but the rates were through the roof. I booked the Arlo NoMad using Hotels Tonight app and got a relatively good rate.   I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. The staff is very accommodating. Check-in is at 3pm however, I arrived around 1030 am and because I wasn't picky about my room Maggie got me a room immediately. The process was quick and easy. Maggie was very friendly.   The room is tiny but it was just me and frankly I don't need a lot. The bed was very comfortable. It was so comfortable that I had one of those sleeps where I woke up and forgot I was in NYC.   Make sure you make use of the rooftop bar. The views are amazing. I had some of my local friends come and meet me for drinks. We stayed longer than we expected.   With the exception of extremely
bubble_50	Just back from an amazing week, researched a few hotels last year before booking, finally picked Arlo Nomad, was not disappointed. Staff were very friendly and could not be more helpful. We booked a Queen sky room, ours was on the corner so had to floor to ceiling views, one of was Empire State Building. Roof bar was amazing but very crowded some nights, this bar also has a glass floor looking down to the entrance on 31st. Room was spotlessly clean, bed was great too, huge walk in shower was amazing too. We would also recommend the hotels airport transfer, it was only $10 more than our yellow cab in ( $60 ) and was a black suv type which was very comfortable. Also great free wifi throughout the hotel, great signal everywhere, we would highly recommend the Arlo Nomad.
bubble_50	Cannot say enough good things about this hotel! Beautiful, clean, friendly staff, helpful  staff, nice rooftop terrace, perfect location for sightseeing! There is also a library, free wifi, oyster bar and 24 hour coffee/food bar at the reception!
bubble_50	Really beautiful hotel with wonderful staff! All are super friendly and genuinely willing to help out. Hotel always kept clean. They have a rooftop bar with a very lovely view. Will definitely come back!
bubble_50	Our stay here couldnt have been any better, the staff were all friendly, helpful and full of information. The rooftop bar and its views were amazing! I celebrated my 30th birthday whilst here and as the hotel and room were so nice we decided to eat at the Massoni restaurant rather than book another restaurant, the food was didnt disappoint the pizza pie was delicious.  Location wise it was perfect, just a five minute walk to the Empire State Building from the hotel which was so handy, being so close we waited for it to go dark and went right to the top viewing deck and got the best views of New York all light up. As it is so central and the weather was so nice we didnt feel the need to use public transport for the majority of our stay as most places were within walking
bubble_30	Very new and modern. Room was small but modern in style. Staff were a friendly. No gym but access to a good neighborhood gym. Bar on the roof is trendy with great views BUT this begets the problem. If they have an event on the roof you can easily expect to wait 10 mins to get an elevator - of which there are only 3 - and then spend 10 mins stopping on every floor. The elevators are simply not designed for a bar on the roof. After a massive effort to get up to my room simply to drop a bag off I ended up walking down 24 flights of stairs to get out. So if you are in no rush this place is great. If you are on business pass. Hence the 3 ball review. Its good for half the people!
bubble_30	Very stylish and trendy decor and clientele.   Not an inch of space Is wasted in room decor, plenty of hooks for hanging belongings and streamlined lighting fixtures which are retractable and Fixed to the wall.  On the downside, a coffee maker and hot Water kettle are not available in the rooms.  A hairdryer and clothes steamer were available and working well.
bubble_30	In fairness I mistakenly booked this hotel thinking it was the (much more expensive) Nomad hotel on Broadway a few blocks away, so it was always going to suffer by contrast. Whilst this is a fairly cheap hotel located right in the thick of Manhattan, I am still not sure it offers value. The rooms are spartan and tiny. Like where do I put my suitcase tiny. Fine perhaps if you are a solo business traveller but as a couple staying 4 nights it felt pretty soul-destroying, to the extent that we decided to take the hit of the non-refundable booking and move to the real Nomad Hotel the next day for the remainder of our stay in NY. Twice the price but way more than twice the value. As an aside, when we were leaving c5.30pm on a Thursday, it took us 25 minutes(!) to get from the 28th
bubble_50	We found everything about this hotel to be to our liking. Check in was seamless. They even upgraded our rooms. Which was a welcome surprise. As everyone has said the rooms are a little compact and bijou, but you soon get used to it. The space is utilised really well and everything was to a high standard. The views from our rooms (22nd floor) were excellent. We drank in the hotel bar, which was excellent. We ate in the Massoni restaurant on our first night and that too was excellent. In addition, we had breakfast in the hotel on our last day and both thought the choice and quality of the food on offer was first class, and well worth the $19 + tax. I would definitely stay in the hotel again. Only disappointment was the rooftop bar wasn't open when we visited.
bubble_40	We enjoyed our stay in a queen terrace room at Arlo NoMad and liked the overall vibe of the hotel. As others have noted, the queen rooms are quite small, but the space is exceptionally well utilized. Still, it was a little tight with two people trying to get ready in the morning. Our terrace was as large as the room and a nice place to enjoy a snack or a glass of wine. The only downside to the terraces is that they are on the third floor, so they are quite noisy. However, we were amazed at the soundproofing in the room when we closed the door. The shower was wonderful, as were the linens and toiletries.The only change we would suggest would be pegs on one of the walls in the bed area for longer coats or dresses as the closet is only shirt length. If you stay at Arlo NoMad, don't
bubble_40	I stayed for a week in a Queen sized room (1 person) on 22nd floor and cannot complain about the experience - clean room, affiliation with a gym nearby, small rooftop and bars - so as advertised really. Room is small but not to a point that should bother any single traveller, and hotel is fairly priced accordingly. My only comment would be the lifts could be slow sometime (once took me 20 minutes to go up) and walls are thin enough that you can hear if someone in next room is using the shower, but these are negligible points for what was a pleasant efficient stay.
bubble_50	This was my first time in New York. One of the guys at reception was very professional. He gave me directions with passion and humane touch. Hotel was clean. One of the girls at the reception was rude: when asked to give me a receipt for the amount held upon arrival from my account , she refused! But I wouldn't judge the hotel for this staff member. I would stay again.
bubble_50	Everything with this hotel just feels SO RIGHT! The staff is amazing and each of them make you feel very special at all times. The days before we stayed here we stayed at another hotel on Manhattan (also 4 stars), but as soon as we stepped inside Arlo NoMad we immediately realized there is a huge difference between service and service among the hotels around in New York City. This hotel is not too big and feel very personal and warm. An extra big thank you to Gabriel that made our stay perfect, you really care about your guests, youre a star! Arlo NoMad has a great location with a walking distance to many good restaurants, shopping districts, parks and buildings such as Empire. Their rooftop is amazing and has a stunning view over Manhattan. You can understand that Arlo NoMad
bubble_40	Nice modern clean rooms, plenty of areas to sit and relax. Helpful young team. Would recommend to younger couples or business travellers. Good breakfast. Basic but enough choice and good quality. Hope to visit again soon.
bubble_50	Just got back from New York and our stay at the Arlo Nomad - it was amazing!  We booked a King sky room and had a room on the 29th floor which was beautiful (2901) - the view was absolutely stunning!  The staff at the hotel are super friendly.  We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary and the staff took great care of us. (if you are celebrating something special - email the hotel in advance to let them know. The rooms aren't big, but that is to be expected in New York. Location is good too - you can walk every where. The roof top is very cool - even though due to the weather the bar up there wasn't open - check out the glass floor! We had excellent service from Tatiana in the bar where we had a quick bite to eat and a few drinks. Highly recommend. Thank you to Maggie
bubble_50	Fantastic, stylish, lovely hotel in a great location.  Friendly and helpful staff, including Kostas, Elizabeth and any single one.  The roof top balcony is a must, don't miss.  This hotel is highly recommended
bubble_50	Fantastic stay in this lovely hotel. Rooms are small but very comfortable. Breakfast was good and the rooftop terrace is amazing. The only negative is the queues for the elevators. We were there during the weekend the terrace opened and it was really busy so we waited a long time for the lifts. However apart from that the whole experience was great. Staff were really helpful and courteous and nothing was too much trouble for them. Would definitely return.
bubble_40	Overall:  Would definitely stay again!   Room:  The room was small but that's typical for newer NYC hotels. It was really clean and once you got settled, it felt less small.  The room had a fridge, safe, TV and other common amenities.   Location:  The hotel is located a few blocks away for Koreatown, which is great for late night eats.  It's also close to several subway lines.   Hotel:  The hotel itself has a bar on the rooftop, a coffee bar on the first floor and then another venue of sorts on the first floor.  Needless to say, it can get really crowded, loud and busy in the tiny lobby and elevators.   I'd say that's the only "negative".   Staff:  Check-in process was pretty much all self-service (airline-esq kiosks) but the staff was around to help out.  Found them to be very
bubble_40	Yes the rooms are small but that is NYC at the moment so don't let that put you off this amazing hotel. Overall the rooms are compact and well laid out. There was plenty of storage and space for both me and my wife for 3 nights. Thursday to Saturday the bars on the lower levels and the roof are pumping! Very cool hotel overall will definitely be staying again when in town.
bubble_40	Quick trip to NYC. We stayed at the Arlo Nomad. We got two rooms...one for us  (a queen) and one for our grown kids (bunkbed room). The rooms were both very well thought out, comfortable, clean and perfect albeit the Queen was particularly small. The bunkbed room was totally cute, with a great use of a window to really open up the space. There were issues with our first day being the first day that the roof bar opened, so the elevators were really jammed and it took quite a bit of time to get to the room or anywhere else within the space. We were hoping to spend a lot of time in the study space (a gorgeous public workspace)-- but the hotel made us move as they had booked it for a private event. With spaces so limited in this hotel, renting one of the few public spaces is just
bubble_50	I visited NYC either for business or personal trip. Among all my visits this is very memorable.  Lets start with the Front Desk - In my previous stays with OTHER NYC hotels I always experience rude, arrogant, looking tired faces of Front Desk and one staff even biting her nails infront of me (must admit, New York is really busy and sometimes you cant blame them) but with Arlo Front Desk, they really wowed me! They are very professional, snappy, smart looking people! They always have a smile on their sweet faces! They even give me full information about the hotel and was even asked how my day was going! They offer help to get me a cab while waiting at the lobby. Their public attendant was even trained so well to open a discussion and leave a very sweet remark to start your day.
bubble_50	I went to NYC for my birthday and had chosen the Arlo Nomad because of its stylish and inviting design. I was fortunate in that I got upgraded to a 29th floor corner room with up close views of the New York Life building with its distinctive gold roof. The floor to ceiling glass walls give expansive views of the city, and power shades give the opportunity to close it all out at night. Rooms were quiet and well appointed with bath accessories from the Blind Barber line with the lemon grass scent of these items leaving a soft scent all day. Staff was very attentive and accommodating at check-in and check-out and seem genuinely interested in making my stay the best it could be. Roof top view of the Empire State Building is a memorable experience. I would recommend the Arlo Nomad to
bubble_50	We stayed in Arlo Nomad for a week with my sister.  We had a bunk room which was the best option for us as we both got our own beds and even own tv's, and there was just enough space for two large suitcases. Shower and bathroom were big and room was very clean, small room size didn't surprise us as it was exactly what we expected. Hotel staff was helpful and friendly. Hotel location was excellent as it was very easy to walk everywhere in Manhattan or take subway on 33rd and Park or 34th (Penn st or Herald Sq). I really have no complaints, will definitely stay again at this Hotel!
bubble_50	The Arlo Nomad is a great hotel, can't speak highly enough will defenatly be my hotel of choice when in NYC.   They have an amazing roof top terrace which you can access. The staff are so friendly and really great at their jobs.   The rooms are amazing if you want views .... you have to go for the sky room we certainly did not regret it, fantastic.
bubble_50	We have stayed twice at arlo nomad and each time we were given different rooms. First, this is a design hotel, but not pretentious instead comfortable and accomodating. Staff is cool, the lobby with the great coffee shop and pizzas is cool, the upper floor lobby where the bar and common room are located is cool, the breakfast room is cool!!!  Yes the rooms are extremely small but are designed at your convenience. You have all you need. We stayed in two types of rooms. The room with the city view was amazing. Thanks to floor to ceiling glass windows you wake up to a beautiful scenery of Manhattan. The one without the view should be avoided. The tv stand complicates putting suitcases and settling down so the cable attachment and the tv should be hung from the ceiling. The only
bubble_50	This will now become one of my go-to hotels in NYC. Loved the location. The rooms are tiny. Be aware. But it is clear up-front. I got a bunk room. It's great to have two tv's - one for each person at the foot of the bed. The bathroom -- clean and decently large. The walk in shower is really a selling point with the rainfall shower head. very comfortable beds. Just know -- if you get the bunks -- twins are smaller in length, too. over 6 footers -- you can stretch -- but - it'd be tight.. The restaurant is really good, here -- too -- BUT pricey for portions. Still, nice if you want to stay in. I STRONGLY suggest the caesar salad. Sounds simple -- but they have perfected it. Oh, it's pretty close to Penn and Grand Central if you are coming in from a train.
bubble_50	hi stayed at the hotel for three night s i had previously requested a room with a good view as i was bringing my mum with me we arrived early and was able to check in to our room immediatly the room was on the 25th floor looking out on th empire state building fantastic thank you so much i love your hotel it was so clean,warm and trendy to all the staff that we met from the reception to the staff we met in the resturant,to ones we met in the lift you are the friendiest i every met and so professional in your work  to maggie who arranged the lovely room thank you so much  when i come back to new york your hotel will be the only place i will stay from now on well done to all and thank you once again
bubble_50	Stayed at the Arlo recently and it was great!   Clean, service was amazing and smells awesome.   Will stay again for sure when back in NYC again.   I highly recommend a staying here and the coffee bar and food when you walk in is great.
bubble_50	This was my second stay at Arlo NoMad for a business trip. The rooms are small and compact but are very clean and have everything you need. The staff are great and very accommodating and it's very well connected / easy to get the subway from. A great spot!
bubble_40	This is a great little hotel, very trendy, comfortable, staff are lovely and in a good location (not too noisy but close enough to walk to the touristy stuff). The rooms are gorgeous and make good use of a compact space. However. We stayed here with 2 teenagers and havent found it to be very accommodating. There was a bit of a debate among bar staff one evening about whether they could be in the bar area, they eventually decided yes but not near the bar - the only free space would have meant the 4 of us would have had to sit side-by-side!! Of the 2 nights we tried to used the free areas, they were either reserved for private use or being used for a performance. Whilst this is a great hotel (for couples) and I would definitely stay here again, I wouldnt do it with kids as
bubble_50	This is just a great hotel in every way. Great staff throughout with an infectious pleasantness. Lovely bar area & break out rooms to use because yes the rooms are compact. Fabulous rooftop area too. Superb location for 5th Avenue, Nomad District & easy access to subway. Will definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights (April 1st-April 5th) and all I can say is this place is incredible! We arrived and the reception is a cool/funky area and we were greeted by Miguel who checked us in. Initially when we got to our first room on the tenth floor, we were very disappointed with the view, as this hotel is known for its fantastic views! We had a view of a fire escape and the room was very dark. With the rooms being micro rooms (which are absolutely fantastic) we felt we had to change rooms as there was no real natural light going into the room and made it feel quite claustrophobic. We went back down to reception, explained why we were not happy with the room, and Miguel (Who is an absolute credit to your hotel, such a great guy!) and another
bubble_50	Caring staff; wonderful views to the room - although small it is so well designed and I will happily return thanks to the details; the cleanliness, and again, a great staff that allowed me to check in early and facilitated any needs there.  A great new addition to NYC.  I'll be back!
bubble_40	Me and my husband traveled to nyc to see family and friends.   Check in. Easy. They extended a very warm welcome even though it was 3am!  The room. SMALL! but cozy. Bed was comfy. The view was of an alley and the neighbors across the alley and the empire state building. If you are going to entertain guests don't take them to the room. Go up to the gorgeous rooftop! And the view is just breathtaking!  Check out. Was easy. Very fond farewell!  The only thing was, I called reception for ice that never came. Had to go downstairs to get it myself.
bubble_50	My husband and I moved out of NYC last year but come into the city at least once a week for business.    The Arlo Nomad is the perfect resting place for us.  By now the staff know us and greet us warmly each time we arrive which they did the first time we ever arrived.  If you ask for anything they will always try to fulfill your need.   Some might complain that the rooms are too small but they fill your every need.  The rooms are always immaculate with wonderfully comfortable beds with crisp white linens.  I particularly like the showers with the nicely scented liquid soaps. The views are amazing in different room types.  If possible try to book a room on a higher floor.  If you are hungry there is a bodega in the lobby with delicious pizza and in the morning strong coffee and
bubble_50	Arlo Nomad - GEM in NYC! Truly friendly staff. Relaxed but total pros- lobby, restaurant & bar. Great work space, rooms efficient & comfy VERY clean! David in the lobby top notch. Ill be back! Definitely a great newer property!! Great vibe. Super quiet room!
bubble_40	We booked the Arlo Nomad through British Airways Holidays for 5 nights over Easter Weekend.  We were greeted while walking through the door and pointed to reception where we were quickly checked in by friendly staff. We got to our room 1107 which was like a cupboard, but there was good use of the little space there was. The "view" from the room was disappointing - a back alley and little else. We had asked BA about paying for an upgraded room - like the one advertised everywhere with the full length windows and amazing views - and were told we would have to do it through the hotel on arrival but when we asked at the hotel there were no free rooms.  The "bathroom" leaves little to the imagination with just a sliding door (with a big gap) separating the toilet and shower from the
bubble_50	Im a suburban New Yorker and literally stay in hotels once a week in Manhattan. This was my first time at The Arlo and I literally just booked a second! The staff is on point! Carly and Gabriel greeted us at reception and upgraded our room to a ridiculous view! Rooms are small (but thats NYC) but immaculate! Location is prime you are literally close to every subway! I hear the deep dish pizza is divine so I will try next time! See ya soon Arlo!
bubble_50	Location is perfect: Right in the heart of Midtown, but far away from the crowded tourist area of Times Square. Easy access to all public transportation, and no more than 30 min travel time to any place in Manhattan.  Room was wonderful: I loved the very modern and simple decor. Everything was carefully designed to maximize space, making the room very comfortable, very cozy. It was also comfortable enough to do some work there. WiFi was included in the price, and high quality (which is a lot to say for a NY Hotel).  Staff was nice and attentive: They've taken care of us with great attention and always with a smile. Check-in and check-out were efficient, luggage storage accommodated easily.  Lounge areas and bars: Very modern, with good food and good cocktails. Great place to
bubble_30	The location is amazing! The room was awesome! The view was perfect! Staff members are superb! hotel rooftop is fabulous! Cool bar/restaurant! Special atmosphere! However: I arrived to NYC for important business meeting, the meeting was very early in the morning and I asked a wake up call, because I was after a long international flight and I know there is a chance Ill ignore my alarm.  I explain how important is to make sure I am awake.  The hotel forgot to make the wake up call and I didnt wake up and I was late for the meeting I came for.  Second I put the sign privacy please on the door because I left important things out of the safebox, the cleaner enter my room anyway to fix the room.  Therefore I can say no privacy, just to clarify nothing was missing everything was in my
bubble_50	I stayed here in March, I was looking forward to my stay after reading the reviews and seeing the photos. I must say I was not disappointed. From the moment I walked in the staff were friendly and helpful. On arrival I had realised that I had left my power adaptor at home. They happily let me borrow one of theirs for my stay which i was ever grateful for. I was staying in a King Sky Room. When I got to my room the first thing that hit me was the view. I wasn't looking at the Empire State Building or anything iconic but the view of the city was incredible and it only got better at night. It was a shame to put the blinds down as you just wanted to look at the view forever. The view got a lot better too when we were in a snow storm. The shower was very good as well at the rest of
bubble_50	This hotel is great for city vibes.  It has a really nice atmosphere, friendly and incredibly helpful staff and the rooms have some really good views of the city.  The rooftop bar - the heights is awesome, especially the glass floor and views of the empire state building. Restaurant is good too we had Sunday brunch which was a good deal and the bodega open 24/7 is good form midnight munchies!  The staff were always helpful for advice on were to eat or things to do.  I would highly recommend this hotel. Ideal location to get to Broadway, union Square and many other places
bubble_50	I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay for my first trip to New York! From the moment we arrived staff were extremely welcoming and always at hand to help.  The view from our room was something else! I couldn't wait to wake up to look out over the city, I found it extremely relaxing and a perfect way to escape from the busy city.  The room was plenty big enough for the two of us, suitcases fit perfectly under the bed to allow enough space. A trip up to the rooftop is a must, with breathtaking views, I didn't want to leave!  We spent our final few hours relaxing in the public space, I only wish I'd gone up here sooner!!!  Cheers Arlo, we will definitely be back!
bubble_10	If there could be a negative scoring, I would give it.  I stayed for a weekend in October 2017.  Check in was fine, had a bit of a wait before the room was ready, but that was okay.  The rooms are small, but I knew that before I booked the hotel.  On my second night there, I had been out with friends for dinner and came back to the hotel and couldn't get into my room.  I went down to the front desk, got a new key. Didn't work.  Had to wait for maintenance/secure to help me get in.  Waited a long time for them to arrive.  They couldn't get into my room.  My door was broken.  So I spent most of the night with two men in a corridor trying to get into my room.  I can't remember how long I was there (several hours), but the options I was given were wait at the door or in the lobby.
bubble_50	My Daughter and I go into the city on a pretty regular basis and stay over. This time we weren't planning to but were having such fun that we decided to try to find a hotel. We had recently been to a fabulous brunch at one of the restaurants at The Arlo NoMad. its a new hotel and looked beautiful so we gave it a try. Genius decision! First off the people who work there are awesome, Cant single anyone out because they all are, The rooms are, lets say, compact? But they make amazing use of the space. Spotless and comfortable.Really cant say enough about this place. Walk-able from Penn Station and many NYC attractions a plus.We will be going back for sure. Maybe next time try their Soho location.
bubble_50	I was a little worried before we arrived about the room size and the bathroom but wow I was so so happy with our room. I stayed here 4 nights with my mum and it was prefect. The bunk beds were brilliant and a bit of a laugh. We had our own TV at the end of our bed which was cool, loads of TV channels to choose from . The bed was so comfy and the bedding was lovely, clean and fresh   The room size was perfect, it was huge. The floor to ceiling windows were great and we could also open our window a little for some fresh air. The view wasn't great but there are plenty of places to go round New York for a nice view.  I understand what people are saying about the air con being noisy but we stayed in March so we needed the heating more which was still noisy but it heated up
bubble_50	This hotel was in a perfect location for seeing New York! Great price, very clean and comfortable! They had a small jazz festival in the lobby the week we stayed where small groups played jazz every evening which was nice!  The rooms are small but organised well! We stayed for a week and it suited us perfectly! We have stayed in many small city hotels like this and this was one of the best! If you are expecting a large luxury room this isnt the place, but if you want a great location, clean functional and comfy place this is it! Rooms are serviced to a high standard daily and theres a great bar and cafe downstairs! If you fancy a snack after a long day sight seeing its an easy and delicious way to grab something! Theres a roof top bar and terrace which was closed as we visited
bubble_40	This is a gem of a hotel. It has a super cool European feel to it and is perfectly located for a short break in Manhattan. The staff may be young and beautiful, however they're not pretentious. They're always present and willing to help. We celebrated a birthday here and they were very accommodating. Yes, the rooms are small, micro sized even -  however this is made clear before you choose to book. So much to see and do in the Big Apple, we used Arlo as a base only and found it to be ideal. No complaints, ticked all our boxes for budget, location and service. Thanks Arlo for a great stay.
bubble_50	This week I flew into New York on a red eye from SFO and landed around 5:30am EST. I ended up getting to the Arlo around 6:30am and was not expecting them to be able to check me in so early but thought I'd try regardless. The two gentlemen at the front desk were so friendly and accommodating and they were able to get me an upgraded room and checked in within 10 minutes - it was an absolute lifesaver! The decor of the hotel is very cool and the room I stayed in was great as well. The room was a little on the smaller side, but on par with what you'd expect in NYC. I have nothing but good things to say about the Arlo and would 10/10 stay here again.
bubble_50	My stay at the Arlo was incomparable- great location, energetic efficient staff, brilliantly designed spaces, and delicious food and drink. I visit NYC several times a year for business and pleasure. I see no reason to stay anywhere else when I visit. I have and will continue to sing your praises.
bubble_20	Having stayed here since it opened on numerous occasions, It has been sad to see the decline in quality and customer service. My last stay was this year in January as a treat for my fathers Christmas present, so we booked two rooms.  Check-in was a little chaotic, we were stood some time with little help, but finally somebody gave us their attention. There was minimal welcoming and in fact minimal conversation bar that of asking for the essentials. Not a very warm welcome at all.  We finally reached our rooms only to find both on lower floors with a view of brick wall / internal yard, where the noise levels were beyond awful due to the all of the air con units being in the same yard. More so, we had been promised rooms near each other and with a view. Needless to say that wasn't
bubble_50	Love everything about this hotel, from its central location, to its eclectic decor and friendly staff (Jeanell at the front desk is especially lovely and helpful, and I was pleased she remembered me from my previous stay!). As a former New Yorker who travels back for work often, I feel at home here and always look forward to returning. Its also fun to entertain friends at their rooftop bar during warmer months, and at their 2nd floor bar during colder ones :)
bubble_50	Everything about my experience here was great! I got a free upgrade because they had availability. Miguel was amazing!! The view from the floor to ceiling windows made the trip worthwhile. The room is small, but fee spacious with all the windows and everything is so clean and modern. The Bodega/cafe downstairs had a long line my first morning there, so the cafe associate was so helpful. She offered me a complimentary treat to make up for my wait. The front desk service was above and beyond - giving me detailed directions, walking me outside to show me around, and making the best local restaurant recommendations. I will definitely stay here again!!
bubble_50	Ive stayed here 3 times now and I love it as much this trip as the first time I stayed. Its fun and brilliantly designed, perfectly located but the best thing about this hotel are the people who work here. Every single person is friendly and efficient, and go the extra mile. I had an emergency situation this afternoon and Carlos on the front desk came to my rescue and kindly solved all the immediate problems for me. So I could go back to my lovely calm room with the amazing view and sleep well. The rooms are perfectly designed, using quality materials and fittings. There are also rooms to have meetings in and a fabulous bar and restaurant. What more do you need?! I cant recommend it more highly.
bubble_50	The hotel is excellent - location, staff, security, food/bar.  The rooms are small but extremely well laid out for efficiency.  And we had a corner room with two glass side walls by the bed that gave us an unbelievable view of the city and prevented the room from feeling small.  There are multiple subways stations close by.  Overall the hotel is "hip" and fun with excellent rooms and services.  I highly recommend it for singles and couples - not families with kids.
bubble_50	I stayed in Arlo Nomad hotel during my layover in NYC and truly enjoy the experience. The location was great, next to Empire State Building and K town and in the middle of Manhattan. The best is the rooftop that offers a breathtaking city view. I got a queen size room with a private outdoor terrace and it's truly special to have an extra space in addition to your room especially in NYC. The staff was very helpful and with great vibe, not overly attentive which is great. I love the decor and eclectic style throughout the hotel and the studio lounge was great for my meetings and work. It's a great value for this chic spot in the city.
bubble_50	Arlo Nomad was the perfect location for couple's weekend.  We were able to walk all around NYC.  The room was cozy and clean.  All the public space was so unique.  The drinks at the bar were delicious and the ambiance was great.  The staff was very helpful and kind.  I would 100% stay there again.
bubble_50	We visited New York City in February 2018 and stayed in Arlo Nomad which is perfectly located in Manhattan midtown. We had our room on the 17th floor and were lucky to have a fabulous view on the Empire State Buidling. The rooms are tightly arranged, meaning it had approximately 18-20 square meter and included a bathroom with toilet and shower, a really comfortable double bed and a big flat TV. The furniture in the rooms and also in the whole hotel was very retro and stylish. The hotel is rather new and we very much enjoyed our stay there.  There is no question that the highlight of Arlo Nomad is for sure its staff. Here, we would like to mention specially hotel host Elisabeth Santana, who is one of the kindest people in NYC we met. First she was kind enough to serve us a bottle
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I stayed for four nights in a Queen Urban room in March 2018.   Upon getting out of the taxi, we were greeted by a member of hotel staff to aid us with our bags. The check in process was smooth and we were shown to our room on the 19th floor. First of all - what a view! We had a view of the entire of the Empire State Building that went completely beyond our expectations. We had a difficult journey to New York so the view immediately put smiles on our faces.   The room is small, with little room to unpack, but it is immaculate. The electric blind ensured the room was dark enough to get a good night's sleep. The bathroom is not a separate room, but rather partitioned by a glass door. You have to be very comfortable with each other for this not to bother you at
bubble_50	The Arlo Nomad Hotel is located in a great location just off Madison Avenue on 31st street  close enough to walk to Times Square and in a convenient spot to explore the east village.  The hotel is described as a micro hotel, meaning that the rooms are efficiently sized and functional.  Our room contained a modern and decently sized toilet/shower combination that is separated from the main area by a frosted glass partition.  The sink is located in the main living area, which is designed to be optimally functional.  Beds are comfortable and unless one brings many large suitcases, there is enough space to deal with ones belongings.  In many ways, the rooms in the Arlo Nomad are bigger than most hotel rooms that one encounters when visiting Japan.  If it works in Japan, then why
bubble_50	The staff were incredibly helpful throughout our stay. When my mother and I arrived they upgraded us because the lady at the front desk saw that it was my birthday!! When we arrived to our room on the top floor, they had left a lovely note wishing me a happy birthday and gave us a few special treats, which was incredibly kind. We stayed in a few hotels during our trip to New York and this by far was my favourite. Will definitely be returning!!!
bubble_40	I took my boyfriend here last July for his birthday and we had an amazing time! The rooms and hallways are kind of a tight space but we didn't mind that. The room was beautiful and felt very clean. Absolutely loved the decor and the snack counter. The staff was very nice and accommodating. They email you a week prior to your stay a list of activities they have going on which was great except I didn't see that either most, if not all of these are only at the Soho location: ( I called asking about the movie night and then I was told. A little bit of a downer as well is that I was looking at their rates maybe a month or so after (idk exactly) and they went up a lot!! I got the room in mid summer for $189 and checking in the fall and winter Sunday-Thursdays was so much more
bubble_50	My son chose this hotel as he was looking for a unique experience and didnt want to stay in a chain hotel. The Arlo Nomad was perfect!  The staff was welcoming and went out of their way to help. The room was small (as are most smaller NY hotels) but clean with very comfortable beds.   We upgraded to a sky room and the view did not disappoint. There are floor to ceiling windows for half of the room. What an incredible view of the city, especially at night! It is worth the extra money!   The location is off 31st St and close to the Empire State Building. There is a subway stop within walking distance to help get to other areas of the city.
bubble_50	I spent a lot of time looking for a great place to stay for a special weekend. Arlo was one of my web search. However, with many questions in mind, I chose to call and speak with someone. The person I spoke with is Elizabeth Santana at the reservation desk.  Liz answered all of my questions and reassured my doubts. The hotel is spectacular, clean and beautiful views and the staff were all very helpful and pleasant.  Elizabeth Santana (Liz) was amazing. She was pleasant, helpful and resourceful.   We can't wait to go back at Arlo Nomad  A shout out goes to Elizabeth Santana.
bubble_40	...Or so I am told! Great hotel, found it hard not to give it five stars, but just a few things stopped me, but lets start with the positives. Location, location, location. If you want to go somewhere with a great location then this hotel is amazing. Close to Empire State, Flat Iron and Times Square (which are a short walk away) but for us having been to NYC a few times, it was the proximity to so many roof top bars that we loved! Shame their own Heights rooftop bar was not open but you can still go up and get some great pictures. But if you want some good recommendations then go to Skylark, Refinery, Spyglass, 230 5th (amazing heated pods) & Mr.Purple (though busy at weekends!). Back to the hotel, rooms are small, no getting past that, if an issue then don't book, but if you
bubble_50	We stayed here last month for our 10 year wedding anniversary. Check in was very smooth. We found the staff to be very attentive and friendly. The rooms are small but perfectly formed, the beds very comfortable and the bathroom is a good size with a brilliant shower. The rooms were cleaned everyday and the towels changed if required. We were given a corner room with an amazing view of the Empire State Building, the view was spectacular. The hotels location is fantastic and we found it to be a great base location. All in all we had a great first trip to New York and a wonderful anniversary. I couldnt fault the hotel and would recommend to anyone.
bubble_50	So if you're looking for the best hotel in NYC... Look no more... This was the best hotel we have stayed at so far.  The most AMAZING views, great staff, easy booking! definitely a must!  We had drinks on the house and the bar was super quiet and very nice!
bubble_40	As Manhattan hotels go, this one has everything you need: location, amenities, wi-fi, safe, comfortable bed, lovely rain shower, views etc.  There are some small things which made me smile like the extra rubbish bin for recycling. I was on the 18th floor and expected this to be a quiet room but the noise from outside permeated the double glazing.  I found that surprising as my experience with double glazed windows is that it blocks out most noise but I could clearly hear the sounds from the building site across the road as well as the odd ambulance or police car sirens. The air conditioning fan switches on and off quite noisily too.  Once you get used to the various noises, it isnt too bad but me being a light sleeper, took a couple of days. As a single traveler, it was fine
bubble_40	I Stayed here with my boyfriend in Feb 2018, we were visiting for a week. The bunk room we got (2509) was small but it was just right for us both, maybe a little room for cases would have been better but view was lovely right beside empire state and the room was very clean. No faults with the bathroom.the door is frosted but we had no issues but maybe staying with a friend it could get awkard so make sure your comfortable with that person. Had breakfast one time in the hotel and it was okay, maybe more of a selection would be good for the cost of 20 dollars each... The location is fab and can't be faulted. We walked everywhere but taxis and Ubers are always close by. The only fault was the payment. We got told when we had booked that a charge of 75 dollars would come from our
bubble_50	The Arlo left such an impression on us. The hotel felt like it was tailored to us. The lobby smelled delicious, the staff were wonderful (who said anything about New Yorkers being rude? pfft), and the rooms were as advertised: tiny.   You'd think this would be a problem, but it really wasn't. We stayed a week, and at no point did I feel like I needed more space. As a matter of fact, it felt like we moved in. Closet was big enough to hold our clothing --and even the stuff that got wrinkled on the way in, we were able to smooth out with the steamer they provide in the room.   The bed was fantastic (there were two of us), the bathroom was big enough, the toiletries smelled wonderful, and there was wifi. Basically, everything you need is at hand.   The spaces provided by the hotel
bubble_50	I booked a last minute birthday trip for 8 nights to NYC with my mum, after reading many positive reviews, the contemporary artistic feel of the hotel itself I decided to go for the Arlo Nomad and I must say the experience was amazing.  I had to email the hotel before hand to let them know I would be arriving with my mum who is visually impaired & would subsequently need an accessible bathroom. Within about 5 minutes of sending the email, Mateo emailed back mentioning everything has been arranged.  We arrived at the hotel which is situated in midtown, very nice area and easily accessible to all the mains sites (about a 5 min walk)   I must take this opportunity to mention that Im very fussy about where I stay during a vacation. The hotel has to be contemporary and the room has
bubble_50	My second stay at Arlo Nomad. Comfortable, convenient, friendly, and affordable. Rooms are small but very well laid out. More than adequate for one, maybe a bit cramped for two. Great shower. Helpful staff, great location (particularly if youre in the design industry). Great restaurants within a few minutes walk. What more can I say... try it!
bubble_40	Great location, small but very well equipped rooms (no separate bathrooms!) with view, great rooftop terrace. Very friendly staff. Breakfast nothing to recommend. One whole floor with rooms for studies and working - great!
bubble_40	The view from our room was just beautiful! That's the only reason we would stay here again. The ladies at the front desk lacked attentiveness. We stayed at the Arlo in SoHo the night before and the service there was exceptional. The front desk service in NoMad however doesn't even come close. They were too busy talking and ignoring us. We were tired, we just wanted to get to our room and not have to wait for no reason with our luggage and carry-ons in our hands. We spent all of our time inside our room and definitely enjoyed the view. Of course the room was a bit small but it was clean.
bubble_50	Fabulous stay , good  modern facilities ,micro rooms but with everything you need . Most comfortable bed ever slept in . Bathroom and shower spotless ! Friendly helpful staff always willing to give information or directions , lobby host Carlos was great always going the extra mile ! Roof top bar wasnt open due to the season but still worth a trip up due to the fabulous views ! Cannot wait to return !
bubble_50	I left my watch by accident in one of their rooms. Got an email the next day from Carlos, giving me the good news of the whereabouts of my watch. I just want to congratulate Arlo Hotel for having such incredible, loyal staff. Starting from the house keeping to the front desk.
bubble_50	I was curious about the micro-hotel instead and since I'm not that tall, decided to check it out. As many reviews have mentioned, the lobby has a lovely smell and the staff at the Bodega is very nice. I saw "Avocado Toast" on the menu and thought, wow I can really complete my hipster hotel experience with that but unfortunately it was sold out by the time I woke up so I'll have to try it next time.   Overall, it was a slight disappointment that the rooftop bar wasn't in operation when I went up with friends on a rainy day last week and the studio area was under construction during my stay but I'm happy with the room, the location, and the tic tac toe game while waiting for the lift.   The front desk also let us check in early when I thought we were just dropping off luggage and
bubble_40	Stayed 2 nights after our Caribbean cruise before flying home. The room was smaller than our cruise ship cabin but was well laid out and made good use of the limited space. Staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to many subway lines. About 2 blocks to the Empire State Building. Lobby cafe was a bit pricy but theres a great deli on the corner!
bubble_50	This hotel is a photographers dream! It has the most epic views of the city, convenient rooftop bars, and the MOST incredible staff.   We stayed at the Arlo to shoot content for my new blog, every inch of the property is beautiful and unique.   Everything from the City views to the guests looked like something out of a movie! We will definitely be frequenting the hotel from now on!  - @ashleymlands x StuffOuiLove
bubble_50	We had a quick 3 day business trip to NYC and found this gem of a hotel. Friendly staff, funky dcor, warm welcoming, fun environment and the views are CRAZY! Sleeping in the clouds has a whole new meaning now, floor to ceiling windows with the bed in the corner makes for the most amazing experience. Micro-sized hotel, but really well thought out and the layout maximizes the space. The mattress, pillows and toiletries are all top-notch and the hotel has these mini-events going on for their guests all the time (wine & cheese, live music, etc..). Also... glass floor on the roof top terrace is both terrifying and awesome at the same time. I've stayed at a lot of places around NYC, and this one is top of the list.
bubble_50	Modern and new facility, well designed and welcoming. Great facility @ a great location, walking distance from Gramercy Park, Union Square, Washington Square (South) and Times Square & Central Park (north)
bubble_50	I stayed here for 2 nights as a "Valentine's Day + 2 year anniversary NYC quick getaway" with my boyfriend, and because of the occasion I did a lot of research beforehand. I already knew it would be a great time -- incredible views right at the room, a rooftop area with a view of the Empire State Building, and a modern room arrangement.  I put a lot of research and work into planning this trip, and I was surprised and relieved to see the effort the staff also gave to make it special. They gave us a high room, and a special gift when we checked in. They went above and beyond for us, and I'll definitely stay here again!!!
bubble_50	Just got back from a 4 night stay, what a gorgeous hotel and the room scent is amazing ! Hoping to be able to purchase more for when I have ran out  the floor to ceiling window was brilliant with an amazing view
bubble_50	This hotel is beautiful!! I reserved the Queen City room for my friend and I. It was great, the views from the room were amazing, everything was clean, and the front desk and house keeping were extremely friendly. Yes this room was small, but the decor and the views made me forget about the size. 2 people would fit very comfortable in the room! The location is perfect, you're right next to everything like MSG, Empire State building, bars, etc.  Definitely would stay here again!
bubble_40	I kind of stumbled on Arlo and was really happy I did.  Staff is very friendly, check-in was quick and the attache bar/restaurant is pretty good.  Great staff all around.  The rooms are a bit small, but it was very clean, comfy bed and linens, and amenities were fine.  My only complaint is that the elevator is pretty slow and the staff parks a cart filled with towels and linens on each floor and leave them in the hallways most of the day.  Great find though - I'll definitely look to stay here again.
bubble_50	We booked this a few months ago and didnt really expect much as we had a really good deal. It was a fab hotel, great location for all our sightseeing, clean rooms, friendly staff, amazing rooftop views. I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	Excellent staff, excellent location.  Very knowledgeable and hospitable staff.  Most everyone I encountered was friendly.  I was lucky to be placed on the 29th floor.  Loved the view of the Empire State Building from my window.  Will definitely recommend hotel to family and friends for the central location.  In addition, I loved the in room safe and the empty fridge (not cold enough).
bubble_50	Love the self check-in. The best working Ive ever experienced in terms of simplicity and speed. Also, great lobby, rooms and restaurant. Comfortable beds, silent and clean. In the winter you might want to turn off the heating system at night as its a bit noisy when it goes on and off. Warm enough in the morning anyway. Enjoy! Ill be back!
bubble_50	An absolutely brilliant hotel. We were upgraded and the view from the room was amazing. The staff were extremely helpful-fantastic location allowed us to explore New York at ease. Can't wait to return. Would definitely recommend.
bubble_50	Me and my partner booked this hotel through British Airways as a package after reading great reviews on TripAdviser. We arrived on 11/02 for a 4 night stay after a long journey from London Heathrow. We had an instant warm welcome from reception. We were supplied with our key card and a map which is most important.   The room was obviously small but as expected, like many people have said. You are in New York for exploring and not sitting in your room. We found the room to be a comfortable size for two persons with two large suitcases. The room has great facilities and what you need for the four nights we were there. It was very clean to a high standard. We were first put into room 608 but we found after a couple of days that the room was rather noisy due to a fan near by and we
bubble_50	Stayed at Arlo NoMad in February for a quick Manhattan trip. Upon arrival Carlos helped me check in. He was extremely friendly and helpful, and even comped a couple of drinks that I was going to purchase to take up to my room. The room was small, but very comfortable and had everything I needed. And honestly, anyone that complains about the room sizes in New York hotels needs to just stop visiting because New York is for exploring not for sitting around a room in. I would really recommend this place. Its perfect for a short or extended stay and is very close to many restaurants, shopping, and site seeing areas.
bubble_50	I had a great experience staying at the Arlo NoMad for 3 nights. The concierge team was extremely helpful (especially Carly & Carlos). The facility was kept in tiptop shape and the bodega downstairs was very convenient!
bubble_50	We loved our 4 night stay at Arlo Nomad.    The reception team were always really helpful and friendly - from booking taxis to storing luggage or supplying an umbrella to save us from torrential rain!  The location is great, walking distance to a lot of main attractions and only a couple of blocks from metro stops.  The room is small - however we didn't find this a problem with sufficient storage solutions (including enough bed clearance to hide away your suitcase).  It felt very clean and modern.    We also ate at the restaurant one evening which was very good.
bubble_50	I had an amazing experience at this hotel -- every single member of the staff was friendly and helpful, but especially Miguel and Che! They're great guys who really went the extra mile to make me feel welcomed in New York.   The rooms are definitely tiny; but they're clean, well designed, and use the space efficiently. I would recommend this hotel to any other business travelers for their time in NYC.
bubble_50	Our second  time staying Here we cant say enough of the experience here, special thanks to Carlos who helped us with reservations. Also check in and check was pleasant and our city view room on the 29 th fl was awesome as well as the cheese and fruit platter we ordered , again thank you carlos for taking of that for us , we definitely recommend this place , lots to do , restaurants and dancing at the copacabana club was our favorite . Thank you Arlo for a great time.
bubble_50	First time in NY for us and this hotel made it a perfect stay.  It is in a fantastic location.  The staff are very friendly and helpful.   The rooms are great and had everthing in there that we needed.  The cafe serves a lovely latte and the roof terrace commands great views.  We will be back..... thank you for a lovely stay.
bubble_50	We stayed here 19/1/18 - 22/1/18. We have never been to New York but found this hotel was in the perfect location.  The hotel is modern, clean and the staff were always friendly.  We went onto the roof in the evening and you could literally touch the Empire State Building. Fantastic.  Would definitely go back to this hotel again.
bubble_30	Me and my partner stayed over christmas. Good location with a great store on the edge of the street for any food you need. Rooms very small and basic. Roof bar was shut but we still went up and it had great views. Probably wouldnt stay again, a little to small for my liking.
bubble_50	This hotel is super cosy and modern, the service is great and the rooms are so nice, specially the rooms with wiew. We had the King sky room 2901 and the wiew is spectacular. We will from now always stay at arlo hotels when we can , specially in new york.
bubble_40	Really new and stylish hotel, central location. Yes the rooms are small, but not that it was advertised otherwise. Was only here for one night and didn't have an issue until I stored my duffel bag at the counter for a couple hours, and came back to see it torn on one side.  Seems like a hook for shoulder straps was hooked on to something and ripped it.  It's a new bag and the tear definitely wasn't there before, but I know mistakes happen and it wasn't an extremely sturdy bag anyways.  I just notified the employee at the front desk to say this happened and wasn't expecting anything in return.  However, the front desk was extremely apologetic about it, and a manager gave me her name card telling me that if I can send her the receipt for the bag, they'll reimburse me.   It was a
bubble_50	Travelled to Arlo NoMad for a girls weekend with my cousin from 29th January - 2nd February. We booked a great deal with BA for a flight and hotel package. Our room was on the 26th floor (cant remember the room number - maybe 2609?)  We arrived at the hotel around 12pm and was warmly greeted by Carly (huge shoutout to Carly as she helped with every single issue we had - none to do with the hotel). Our room was ready but we decided we wanted to upgrade as we were slightly nervous of space (especially with the shopping we planned to do) and also we wanted a better view. So we booked a queen with view. It was an extra $10 per night so our total came to $40 which was deducted from our $75 deposit at the end of our stay.   I understand Arlo NoMad being a micro hotel theme, but
bubble_40	We had a room on 24th floor, right behind the Empire State Building, and it was really amazing. The location is great as well. However, there are some aspects of this place that we did not like. The bathroom, for instance, is basically part of the room, with no real door, and we missed some of the amenities that you usually expect to find in an American hotel, such as for instance a kettle with instant coffee and tea. It makes an effort to present itself as a trendy place more than a confortable one, and it is suitable especially for young couples.
bubble_50	I'm not one for leaving reviews. But I've worked in NYC tourism and customer service for what feels like 500 years and know a gem when I see it. I can't sing my praise loud enough for the Arlo: Nomad. From booking to checkout, this hotel delivered! I live on a pretty tight budget, but knew that my friends and I had a lot to celebrate this weekend. So if I'm going to pay anywhere close to the going rate for a hotel in Midtown, I'm going to choose a hotel with at! mo! sphere! Stylish and cool, the whole vibe of this place was fun and eclectic, but not in a "try too hard" kind of way. It's beautiful! We had a City Queen room, facing East. Tiny rooms, sure. But so what! Those massive windows provided a gorgeous view of city and the sunrise the next morning. The Arlo is not a
bubble_40	This quaint hotel was just lovely. The room was small which we'd expected, but it was quite comfortable, large walk in shower and a small refrigerator. Security was important to the hotel and we felt very safe with our "card swipes" for the elevator and room. There are 2 bars, but that was the one short point. One didn't have staff and the other appeared to have a party booked when we were there for the one night. But..., there was a nice pick up and go food bar that was quite helpful for my caffeine quota for the day! We would definitely return to Arlo NoMad again.
bubble_40	Great location and room view. Friendly staff. Jannell and Kostas made our stay fabulous and showed a great customer service by accommodating our needs. Make sure you meet these two guys as they will take a very good care of your stay and make sure that you leave the place with good memories. Thank you Jannell and Kostas, we will be back soon.
bubble_50	Arlo Nomad is a great hotel; great location just around the corner form the Empire State Building; Staff was super helpful and accommodating; Room was super clean and the shower was exceptional - temperature adjusted easily and the pressure was fantastic - the sign of a great hotel!  Finally, the pizza at the Bodega in the Lobby was addicting!
bubble_40	Great location. About a 15 min walk from Penn Station. The staff was pleasant. Room was small but just fine especially if you wont be in it much. The public area, lobbies, and lounges are spacious, hip, and fun. Late night lobby pizza is key! Its delicious and needed after a late night out! Enjoyed our stay and would book again.
bubble_20	I am here for 4-day business trip. The hotel location and design is good, but the customer service is really bad. The front desk doesnt seem to care about customers at all.   I asked if I can do early checkin because of my early flight - didnt happen. My room got downgraded to lower floor. Late check out is impossible either. I understand NYC is a busy city but the problem is that the front desk is rude. They dont seem to care about you at all. I ordered slippers from Room Service- never came either. And the room is very noisy if you that bothers you.
bubble_40	The hotel is in a great location. Rooms are tiny but the hotel is new, modern, very cool, with a rooftop bar. It is 5 minutes walk from Empire State Building and close to all the attractions. Service was fantastic as well!
bubble_20	Upon arriving at the property I was informed that an extra provisional $70 will be deducted from my credit card and then reversed when leaving the property. This is not true, and I have been overcharged on my booking.   Over one month later and no reversal has been reflected. I stayed briefly for one evening and did not use or consume any additional items which could have been charged for. The hotel has also not responded to this query.
bubble_40	We booked the Arlo NoMad really as just a base for our 4 days in NYC, with no intention of spending any time here other than to sleep. The hotel is in a good central location for exploring the city, it was clean and the staff were very friendly.   The rooms are VERY small, but we knew that before we booked and it didnt bother us.   The main downfall was that our bed was quite small and it wasnt particularly comfortable. It was hard and too short for my husband, who is 6ft3.  Also, they pump a smell in to the reception area as you walk in. Not sure what the smell is but I personally didnt like it. It was a very sweet smell and made me feel a bit sick. Luckily it was contained to the reception area.   I would stay here again, but judging from the reviews it seems to be worth
bubble_40	Enjoyed my two night stay here. The hotel is in a great spot in midtown, easy to get around wherever you need to go. The hotel is modern, clean with a good vibe. The room is very small, but well laid out and efficient. Unfortunately the heater in the room was  loud as others have said. Not so loud that it woke me up, but close.
bubble_50	GREAT HOTEL! Would definitely stay here again! Convenient to subway and walking distance to some attractions! Friendly staff! Lounges plus Roof Top Bar which is closed until spring 2018. However the view is awesome, which shoes the Empire State Building. If you also go to the roof top there is a portion of the floor that is made of glass and allows you to view the scenery below!  I have attached picture of the day time and night time view of the Queen size sky room, a picture is the Empire State Building  from the Roof Top Bar, and also the view from the glass floor portion
bubble_50	Amazing hotel... ultra cool and relaxed. Perfect location, equidistant to all the highlight sight seeing destinations. Staff were brilliant - attentive, friendly but discreet. Rooms are compact but well designed and impeccably finished with breathtaking views from our room on 28th floor. The roof terrace was a favourite spot day or night with the Empire State literally just behind. I would definitely go back to this hotel.
bubble_50	Have to say this property seems to check all the boxes.    Great location for business and the ability to walk to many good restaurants for dinner. Rooms are exceptionally clean, staff super helpful and a pleasure to interact with. Staying on property for a meal has its rewards.  The menu is casual Italian and chef definitely makes it his own so that it is not something you had before.   This past week was my third visit in the past twelve months. Can't say that looking to stay elsewhere at this point.    Great Job Arlo Nomad Staff :)
bubble_50	Absolutely loved this hotel. The staff were very kind and helpful during our stay. It was just a nice environment in general. It was the first time me and my sister were in New York and we're so glad we chose this hotel as it was located in a really nice and convenient area (Midtown, near the Empire State Building). We stayed in a nice bunkbed room with really comfortable beds (which was important to me because we stayed there for 6 nights). The room was clean too. Loved the large windows and our view as we could see the Empire State Building if we just looked up a bit out through the window. Strongly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a place to stay in NYC!
bubble_50	We live in NYC but love the occasional stay-cation, and had a wonderful stay at the Arlo NoMad. Che handled our check in and was friendly, helpful and gave us a great first impression of the hotel. The room was small but comfortable, and actually pretty quiet for New York. My only complaint (if I must have one) is the pillows are too soft, but that is just personal pillow preference. The rooftop is technically closed for the winter but you can still go out and enjoy the view, which is absolutely breathtaking.
bubble_40	Booked this hotel as part of a package flight + hotel after reading good very good reviews. The hotel is very well located for the main tourist and shopping sites. The rooms are indeed on the small side but this is NY. Service was very good, views are excellent (from the 10th floor upwards) and the roof top bar sounds fantastic (it closes in the winter) but the views from there are breath taking. Rooms are clean and modern and yes, would stay here again.
bubble_40	Great location, cozy atmosphere as of the moment you walk in. Receptionist friendly without overacting.  If you have a chance to book a corner room, do it; the views are amazing.  Food court is also an asset.   I will be back!!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay. Second visit and clearly not the last. Arlo NoMad is perfectly located, and all employees are really helpful and charming. Rooms and shared spaces are really clean. Food and drinks were great as well.
bubble_50	To say we had an incredible experience would be an understatement. From check-in to check-out the Arlo NoMad went above and beyond our expectations. Read no further. Trust me, and just stay here! But, Im sure youre here for the facts so here they are. We arrived prior to our scheduled check-in time and were kindly offered to leave our luggage in the lobby in the care of the Lobby Hosts while we explored the city. To our surprise, we were notified our room was ready fairly quickly and upon return found our luggage was already in our room (less hassle and a kind gesture in my book). We booked via a third-party website and booked one of their corner view rooms. We were skeptical at first and afraid we wouldnt get the room we wanted, but boy was I wrong. Corner room views have
bubble_50	Second time Ive visited NYC and the hotel just added to the experience. The staff from reception to the maintenance and cleaners were extremely friendly and helpful. This is a lovely trendy boutique hotel which I found faultless. I shall again visit NYC early 2019 and I already know where Ill be staying Arlo NoMad.
bubble_40	Great 'boutique' style . 'Sky' room a must! exc.location,friendly and helpful staff.Lack of storage in rooms i.e. No drawers very limited hanger space. Bar service limited, bar tender could only make cocktails on the 'list' max of eight or so !
bubble_50	24 Hour cafe was very useful. Comfortable bed. Clean. Staff were helpful & friendly. Would definitely stay here again. Booked through Arlo - Got good discount for prepaying with no cancellation Cheaper than paying at the hotel.
bubble_30	I have stayed several times at ARLO hotels. Twice at this particular one. I like it because of its great location and design. The hotel is young, hip and cool. However if you go with friends, the only room option is bunk beds (double rooms are way smaller). We didnt care, and thought it would be fun. However depending on the floor and floor plans, bunk rooms can go from tini tiny (not kidding, you have to find a way to put luggage away or you wont fit), to decent sized.  Last time we got the decent sized room.  This time I called in advance to ask for it, and from my 3 rooms reservation they gave it to 2 of the rooms, but not to mine. When I complained at the front desk they tried to tell me that there were no more rooms (lies, because my friends got them) and I was very
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here for 9 days over the new year ,what a lovely hotel, the rooms were advertised as micro rooms and believe me they are , after the initial shock we realised that the rooms were very nice and the views amazing,I really cannot fault this hotel, the staff are so friendly and helpful ,we ate 2 times in the restaurant  and the food was excellent  Highly Recommended Almost forgot the beds  are amazing
bubble_50	Very good welcoming and warm hotel clean room, very professional and pleasant staff. I strongly recommend this hotel because it is very well placed. Thank you for this very good stay. One thank you to Nikolas kostas
bubble_50	I have not actually stayed at the hotel. I expressed interest in staying there and Maggie Houston, General Manager went above and beyond to accommodate me and try to find a room that matched my interests and budget. She definitely made me feel like she WANTED us to stay there and I'm sure, given the popularity of the hotel, that she didn't NEED to do that. Unfortunately, we wont have the pleasure of staying at the NoMad but I recommended it to anyone who values great customer service, specially in a big city like NY. Thanks Maggie!
bubble_40	We stayed late November for 4 nights for my birthday. It was wonderful to see the sunrise over the skyline each morning. Loved the casual cardigans the doormen/concierges wore, these guys were very helpful.   We had a small issue with the air conditioning in our room, which the reception staff resolved by moving us to another room without any fuss. We did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food. We would stay here again and would recommend to travellers.
bubble_50	We spent the holiday 2017/2018 at this hotel. The roms are small but ok for some days. Good viuw from the room. We had Empire State Building from our room at the back of the hotel. No noice. The service from the Staff was more than excellent. The hotel is placed very central of Manhattan.  We will be back some day.
bubble_30	This is a small boutique hotel in the Nomad area of NYC (Mid Town East). Firstly its location is ideal, it is a few blocks below Times Square and a few minutes from the Empire State Building. You are out of hustle and bustle of Broadway but can be in it in minutes. Subway (NYC's tube) and bus stops are all within a couple of minutes walk. The front of the hotel is large glass fronted and looks really nice, but at the time of our visit it had scaffolding surrounding it from work being done on buildings either side of it and bags of rubbish on the street (not that thats unusual for NYC!!) which slightly spoils your first impressions. The lobby is small with a restaurant, Massoni, at the back and a small food counter/cafe which is open 24hrs a day called Bodega to the side.  The
bubble_50	Both my wife and myself recently stayed in the Arlo NoMad Hotel to celebrate my 50th birthday. We loved every minute. The hotel itself is fantastic with a very modern vibe. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff were very friendly, helpful and courteous at all times.  We were amazed at how much could be fitted into the room space and especially enjoyed the floor to ceiling windows....possibly the best views we have had in NYC. The food in the hotel, whilst a little on the pricey side, was excellent. All in all, a great stay and a great find. We would love to return in the future.
bubble_50	Spent a week in New York before Christmas! Arlo Nomad was a great experience for me and my girlfriend. Booked a Queen Skyroom and it was perfect for 2 people. Highly recommend the skyroom for its amazing views of the city. It's not the biggest room, but for two people it's definitely enough. Beds were super comfortable and I enjoyed my stay very much! I had one minor hiccup during the trip using expedia benefits, but Arlo front office responded very quickly to my review and resolved the issue while I was on the trip and made my experience that much more enjoyable! Definitely will be staying here again next time I visit the Big Apple! Cant wait to come back!
bubble_30	I stayed three nights and had breakfast everyday. The place is very conveniently located in mid town. Steps from 5th Ave, close to the Empire State building, Korean town, 34th Street shopping, etc. Staff is very friendly and on the ball. It is a trendy hotel, but rooms are super small. No proper chair to sit on to relax. You just get in to sleep, get up, take your shower, get dressed, and get out, no room for lounging, working, relaxing, etc. Bathroom was clean, bed was comfortable, AC was OK, but there is no closet per say. It's just a space with hangers behind the bathroom door.  Don't get me wrong, it'll fit the needs and taste of many, but not me. Could be well suited for young guys who just want a decent place to crash.  Net net, it was an interesting experience that I do
bubble_10	Loud air conditioner at winter, i checked in around 1am. The noise level of ac is unbearable. Went to complain to front desk around 4am, nothing cna be done. Next morning tried to talk to manager. The manager Frank just dont admits this was a problem. I asked for refund for the 6 hours i spent there. They denied, and think i am unreasonable. And called police to threaten me when I just try to record our conversation. Worest hotel to stay so far in NYC.
bubble_40	Room is small but found it to be very clean and stylish. I was there for 2 nights and found  it to be a perfect location for all the tourist attractions including Times Square which is within walking distance!
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel, modern and stylish - very classy. Fantastic food and drink in house, as well as lovely staff. Rooms have the reputation for being small, but theyre definitely worth it. Awesome location too - lots to do around there in NYC. Highly recommended place to stay!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay at Arlo NoMad from when we first entered the hotel to when we left! The receptionist was so helpful and friendly!  But the best part is when we went up to our room and what a view! The room is not very big but you can see that straight away from the pictures on the website so there are no surprises there. We got a King Room - Sky and couldn't be happier. We could only stay for 1 night as we were travelling to Washington but it was a perfect stay. We went up to the rooftop bar and the atmosphere was very nice there as well and the views were amazing as well!  I do recommend this hotel for everyone staying in New York and want the great service,, views of New York and location!
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed in a bunk room which was just the right size for 2 people with great space saving storage. The bathroom was big and the beds were extremely comfortable. There were individual TVs for each bed, the shower products smelled great & the elevators came quickly. We got pizza at the bodega which was delicious. The staff was very friendly & helpful. Loved our visit & cant wait to go back.
bubble_30	Booked for two days just after Christmas for a stay with a family member. The hotel overall is nice, modern and trendy, with a nice bar, restaurant and rooftop bar (in summer, nice pic location in winter). Beyond that, was really disappointed with the room and amenities.   The hotel is a "micro" hotel concept, which you won't doubt when you see a room. The king skyline room was cramped, though the shower was a decent size. Not that I'm a stickler on electronics, but the alarm clock and phone were both unplugged when we arrived.  The bed is comfy but the AC is so loud that you'll have to turn it off if you want any shuteye.   The staff is hit or miss. The check-in desk staff was always friendly, as were the bar/restaurant staff. But the room cleaners were oddly aggressive about
bubble_50	We arrived early hours of the morning following a long flight on Boxing Day from London. Upon arrival we were pleasantly greeted and were expected by the staff, and check-in was pleasant and easy, which is often not the case at such an hour. The hotel is great, has a lot of charm about it, its quirky, hip and urban and is most welcoming. The rooms are small as can be expected of any big city but are of a high standard well equipped and maximising all the space available. The view of the city is also awesome. The location is brilliant pretty much walking distance to key sights such as Empire State Building, Madison Square Gardens, and Times Square. Train and metro is also round the corner to go further a wide.  Being here only for two days so far, The one thing that really helps
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at Arlo Nomad for a night away as an anniversary getaway. It is such a cool, fun place to stay. From the lobby to the bar to the room and the rooftop, this place was a blast! The rooms are very small, which is advertised very clearly online, so I don't know how convenient it would be for an extended stay. But for a night or two, it's wonderful. We had a king bed on a high floor. I highly recommend this room. We had beautiful views of the city as well as sunrise in the morning. Besides for check-in, all the staff were wonderful. Check-in wasn't BAD, just not particularly warm which is something I feel very strong about. Otherwise everyone was helpful and always there to greet us with a smile. Despite being winter, Arlo Nomad was still happening. A short
bubble_50	Selected this hotel because of the rave reviews and they are right. Great location, comfortable and efficient rooms that have a good bed and stylish decor. Yes, the room is typical New York very compact, dont bring a lot of luggage as there isnt anywhere to put it. I put my carry on bag under the vanity. Also if you are looking for the safe it is in a drawer under the bed (never seen that in NYC before!). Enjoyed our stay and want to try the Arlo Soho next!
bubble_50	First off, the only thing not completely positive about the hotel is that our corner king room was very small - you could not walk around the bed so one person had to climb over to the other side. Other than that, everything was great. Very friendly and welcoming staff. Clean room. While small, it was very neatly organized with plenty of storage to get your stuff out of the way. Impressive floor to ceiling windows on the southwest corner of the building. Spacious bathroom compared to the room itself. Very comfortable bed and pillows although it seemed to be not quite a full sized king bed. In any case we both slept very well. Reasonably priced for the location. I would definitely stay again.
bubble_30	This hotel is not perfect.   Yes it is in a fantastic location, just off 5th.  Yes, the hotel is very cool and trendy.  Yes, the staff were extremely helpful and polite.   But, the air conditioning in the room was horrendously loud, to the point we couldnt use it which meant we didnt sleep at all well during our 4 night stay, the room was unbelievably hot. I have no idea how anyone could stay here Int he summer.   On a final note, the basic room is tiny, but the shower is a decent size which was really good.   My advice would be if staying here with a friend, you might want to get a room where the bathroom door is not a slider, not much privacy.   Id love to stay here again but the air con would need to improve.
bubble_50	On a recent trip from DC to NY , I spent two nights at the Arlo NoMad. Everything went smoothly: booking, checking in, stay, restaurant (breakfast and lunch). I liked the modernly designed and functional room, the wifi, the clever organisation of shower and washing basin. It is conveniently situated at 1 km from Penn Station. I will take advantage during my next stay from their fitness class as well from their complimentary Arlo bikes.
bubble_10	TLDR- only book this hotel if you can avoid interacting w entirety of staff during your stay. Would give 0 stars if I could.  Was very much looking forward to my stay at Arlo. After checking in I decide to upgrade my room (the lower floor rooms are pretty dark. Avoid booking below floor 10 if you can.) Checked online to ensure availability and went to the front desk. Was informed by front desk that the hotel is completely sold out. After asking why rooms seem to be available online, the front desk acknowledges availability of a room that is $50 more per night, for an $100 up-charge. Ok, paid it. Meanwhile, patron next to me has been upgraded from a queen room to a king suite, free of charge. ?!?? Had to cancel reservation for following night and rebook in upgraded room to avoid
bubble_50	To start off... the hotel is in a good part of NYC. I come from a country side small town and cities normally aren't for me but I felt 110 percent safe the whole time. Walking into Arlo NoMad we were welcomed immediately with smiles from ear to ear. We came to the hotel at around 11 and check in normally isn't until 3 but we wanted to see if they could hold our bags until the room was ready so we wouldn't be dragging our luggage around the city. Come to find out our room was already ready! 4 hours early! They were so helpful and told us everything we needed to know whether it came to The Heights which is the amazing rooftop view or even the most important thing the food! They have a tiny cafe open 24/7 so no need to worry about getting hungry in the middle of the night! They
bubble_50	I travel quite often and find this hotel to be one of the best options in Manhattan. It is modern, clean, and well appointed but the number one asset is their incredibly helpful staff.  There are few hotels in the city that are this comfortable and welcoming.
bubble_30	I visited with my sister for 4 nights in November. Overall the hotel had a cool vibe but our room was disappointing. The main negative points to mention are;  - We were on the 3rd floor at the back with a view over a dark, depressing hole in between the buildings. The room was affected by the constant hum of the large extractor/heating tunnel that ran up the side of the building. - The room was also tiny! No space to hang clothes let alone store new purchases.  - The bathroom was a wet room not even big enough for the sink so that had to go in the bedroom.  - The corridor of floor 3 also seems to be where the hotel store guests luggage and so we had to work our way through these obstacles each time we went to our room. The positive points for the hotel were; - Its location, it
bubble_40	This is a wonderful hotel because it is clean, modern, smells excellent, good staff and ambiance. The hotel team was accommodating and helpful. The hotel room is tiny, miniature even is how I'd describe it but this wasn't a secret when I booked it. I expected it to be small. The size of the room was fine for me and my partner. The bed was comfortable and housekeeping made it nice each day. I liked very much the floor to ceiling window in my city view room but also would've been happy with a urban view. It was just a nice luxury especially not being from the city. The location is good if you want to be near Macy's and Time Square, Empire State Building etc.   I would give it a 5 if it were possible to fix this....The reason for my 4 rating is because the bathroom has a frosted
bubble_50	Coming from Australia on business, in & out in 2 days hassle free. Helpful staff made check in/out a breeze. Small room with typical NY views & a comfortable king sized bed. Great shower head but lack of bench space. Heaps of space innovation ideas. Great for a solo stay. Hotel has great facilities but slow lifts. Great location for tourist.
bubble_40	I want to like the Arlo. I might even go back. Casual vibe, but thankfully without the "hipper than thou" attitude of so many similar properties. The staff appears to understand that they are working in a hotel. A place people come to sleep. That gets to my one real issue - albeit a fairly serious one. The HVAC fan was incredibly loud. Every time it cycled on it sounded like a plane taking off. I literally could not hear a conversation on my phone. I asked them to look at it before I went out to dinner, but apparently there was no fix, so I ended up just turning the system off and burrowing under the covers for the night. The good news is that it wasn't all that cold out!  The manager did the right thing at checkout so I left with a good feeling about the place, but still would
bubble_50	The staff was very friendly and efficient. Room was modern, very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. Floor to ceiling windows offered a great view of Manhattan and made the small room seem more spacious. The room was very small but well designed incorporating numerous space saving features. The shower was well sized with an awesome shower head. I look forward to returning when the rooftop bar is open.
bubble_50	I cannot recall the last time I fell for a hotel. I loved Arlo!   Cool, hassle free check in (and out), great spaces at the ground floor level with any sort of amenity you may think of. Camping tents in the patio is pure genius.  The room is the smartest architectural exercise I have ever seen. The view from the window is pure NY, The bed is cozy and just right, There is no noise whatsoever, which implies you'd better use an alarm clock, if you are jet lagged!  The bathroom was a new experience to me. I loved the huge shower faucet.  The restaurant is American cooking at its best.   The hotel is a few hundred meters (or yards, whatever you fancy) from a couple of the metro stations and less than a Kilometer from the posh area of Meatpacking district.  Especially if you are 25 to
bubble_50	Stayed on the 27th floor in a corner queen room. The views were amazing and the room was modern and clean. We took a red eye in and got to the hotel at 8 am and amazingly they had our room ready to check in. All the common area space was great to hangout in or get a drink from the bar so the small rooms are really all you need. The roof top bar was also great with fun different cocktails. The only slight downside is the elevator is kind of slow so just don't forget anything you need in the room.
bubble_40	My 6 year old son and I had a great time at the Arlo- we were in a bunk bed room that he loved.  It had a great big window and we were able to watch the snow fall from our bed which was so neat.  Liked the efficient bathroom and the overall design.  The staff was very friendly and the price great.  Our only complaint was the heater system- it was very loud and hard to regulate well. Definitely will be back!
bubble_50	Nice, clean and modern hotel in a great location. Just around the corner from the Empire State Building.  Rooms are small but we'll thought out. One word of warning is that the bathrooms are integrated in to the room with only a frosted glass sliding door to seperate you from the room so privacy in the bathroom is limited if there are 2 of you staying and the lifts can be very slow. Drinks are quite pricey in the bar and food menu was innovative but slightly limited. Overall a great stay, great location, great views and clean and modern. Really enjoyed our stay :-)
bubble_40	Pretty new Hotel opened a Year ago. Good location a few minutes walk from Bryan Park / Times Square but without being in a too croudy street.  I wont teach anything in saying that the room are very tiny, but I have to say they are organised in a pretty clever way. Nothing is missing basically. Bed is comfortable, shower is quite of a normal size though the overall bathroom is tiny.  You get what you buy. So dont be surprised! Buffet Breakfast is fine too. Staff is helpful. You might just wait a few minutes before being able to get the elevator, as the cleaning staff also use the same elevators. Recommanded if you dont plan to spend too much time in your room, and if you manage to find a good deal.
bubble_50	I had a birthday for my girlfriend and called in advance to select in-room amenities upon arrival (e.g., certain selected amenities for the occasion).  Elizabeth Santana did an excellent job both coordinating and executing.  When I arrived, she had everything properly done and assured me prior to arrival.  I appreciate the service and the follow-through and would highly recommend the property.
bubble_50	Great hotel, stylish, excellent location, super friendly and helpful staff. The view from the roof top is amazing. Rooms are really small and glass sliding door leaves a large gap in which you can see the person on the toilet...make sure you know your room mate well enough!!
bubble_50	This hotel is super cool.  The staff was great.  Shout out to Carlos at the front desk, he made sure we had a great trip.  The music is the lobby and the restaurant was the soundtrack of my life.  The rooftop bar was closed for the season, but it was an amazing space.  We have to go back in the summertime!
bubble_40	Stayed 4 nights in October 2017. Had a south west corner room with floor to ceiling windows on 2 walls. Great views, beautiful light. Rooms are tiny but so well designed you don't feel cramped. Maybe not ideal for a couple each needing their own "space" however. Breakfast buffet was good. Rooftop terrace bar was nice, with of course amazing views. Staff was a tad inexperienced but had good attitude. Room access was complicated due to small and slow elevators and quite a bit of non residents accessing the lounge and bar.
bubble_40	Chic, clean and comfortable. Space is at a premium in the city, Arlo NoMad uses space well. Rooms tiny but bed is comfortable. Common spaces well done. Spent good bit of time in the library/work space and it was great. Rooftop bar has incredible views. Still prefer a larger room, more storage and bathroom with more privacy....but for the $, Hotel Arlo NoMad does a great job with efficiency and comfort.
bubble_50	Decided to try a new hotel and location for my NYC visit as I have been hearing such great reviews on social media about the Arlo properties in NoMad and SoHo.  I was impressed with the hotel lobby and food bar, made mornings so convenient.  There is also a great breakfast buffet at the onsite restaurant.  Ambiance is nice and modern, (and very clean), wifi is excellent and complimentary, and room amenities are well thought out including large room safe to keep valuables and equipment.  Best part was the 2nd floor working space where there are shared working spaces and choices of spaces to spread out.  Observed multi-generations of guests that all seemed to enjoy the property.  Rooms are cozy and service and front desk staff are extremely responsive.
bubble_50	Visited to watch a fight a MSG - and only 7 mins walk away. Everything from checking in to checking out was great - super friendly staff and one of the nicest rooftop bars in the city. Wouldnt hesitate to rebook and we will next time we are back in the city.
bubble_50	Absolutely loved our stay at the Arlo Nomad in NYC. Customer service was excellent, from the minute we walked in until check out. We initially booked through the app Hotel Tonight and our lobby host truly took care of us and set us up with a higher room with an amazing view.   The location is super convenient for both a touristy New York trip or a more low-key East Village kind of trip. You can even come to New york and just stay at this Hotel, they have an awesome rooftop and a great restaurant.   Definitely staying here for my next trip
bubble_50	Our stay was amazing! The room was very clean, the staff was really welcoming, the wifi was great and the view was speachless! A special thanks to Liz who got us with the perfect room!  Definitely recommend this hotel!
bubble_50	Only in town for one night, but Arlo NoMad was perfect!  The view from my corner room was very NY.  The second floor lounge was a good spot to work for a few hours.  The staff was very friendly and the decor and vibe was cool.  Will return next time I'm in the city.
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a Saturday night. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room had a queen bed and was clean and bright. The room was small but this is NYC so I assumed it would be. Even though it was small, the space was efficiently organized with drawers, hooks, and little shelves to place things out of the way. We were on the fifth floor and the view was not so good. Again, I wasn't expecting it to be good considering we were on a lower floor. We looked out on other buildings and the fire escape. Plus I only booked this hotel a week in advance and was looking at getting a good hotel not at an exorbitant price. I missed having a coffee maker in the room but there is a bodega in the lobby that served yummy coffee and other goodies (both sweet and savory)
bubble_30	This is truly a wonderful hotel and I am so glad we discovered it. I love my rooms with a good view, I am actually obsessed - the only thing I need in my room is the best view and that is really what I pay for. We paid premium for the Queen Sky room and I would recommend everyone to upgrade if you can afford it. I loved the look and feel of this boutique hotel in Midtown, close to practically everything. However, I booked through Hotels.com (I am collecting reward nights), and even sent the hotel an email after requesting the highest level room possible facing the Empire State since it was also our anniversary celebration. I liked our room, but it could have been better - from the 23rd floor, I had to really angle myself to see the empire state AND we had an old brick building
bubble_50	I just spent a night at the Arlo while in the city for an event. It was spectacular! Firstly, the service from everyone I encountered was excellent - very genuine and warm and I felt right at home immediately. The rooms are so well designed and every space has been thought out to make it very comfortable and all the touches make it feel like a little cabin in the sky! I had a wonderful experience at Massoni's for breakfast , food, coffee and the space were awesome and if you are lucky enough to have JayDee take care of you, your morning will  be off to a perfect start! Thanks to you all at Arlo Nomad, and I cannot wait to return.
bubble_40	We stayed here for a couple nights. The 24 hour bodega in the lobby was especially helpful both in the evenings and in the mornings. I wish they had a Chai Latte, but you are in NYC there mound to be another on the block nearby. The location was convenient and there were several restaurants in the area. I did not have a chance to try out the restaurant in the hotel but their cocktail list and bartender skills were great.  The elevator was a little tricky at first but eventually we got the hang of it. The rooms are small. No other word. We had a bunk room and the side bar on the top bunk was loose. Speaking to other people in our party that was consistent with the other rooms. No room for an ironing board so they have in room clothing steamers. That may or may not work for your
bubble_50	Stayed here for business for a week, and it was an amazing experience. The hotel is a couple blocks away from the Empire State Building.  Loved the 'hipster' vibe, and beautiful ambience and decor from the moment you walk in to the lobby. The art/wall paintings are awesome!  Stayed in a Queen Urban Room on the 10th floor, and as others have noted, the room was small. But, once I settled in (unpacked, placed my suitcase under the bed), it was cozy and perfect for my solo stay; I wouldn't stay in the same room with another person, no. But if you're not going to be in your room much, except to sleep, it's not a big deal. The room was clean, the bathroom is updated and the shower head awesome!  The room had a 'city street' view of 31st street. Instead of keeping the AC on (which
bubble_50	A wonderful hotel, located in a perfect spot. The rooms are pretty standard size for midtown (smallish, but what you would expect) and very well appointed with modern fittings.   The staff were extremely friendly, helpful and polite.  It was close enough to the heart of the action but far enough away from all the tourist traps.   The bodega served excellent coffee and the view from the rooftop was spectacular!  I really cant properly express how good this place was!
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location in Midtown near the Empire State Building and Macy's. Friendly staff, clean rooms, lots of free activities make this a good place to stay. The only downside for me was the small size of the rooms.
bubble_40	As with most NYC rooms, my standard room was small but very nice.  The sheets were a bit rough and starchy which in would. It have expected for a hotel of this caliber, but overall the stay was pleasant.  Great location and very pleasant staff.  You are a few block from several subway stops and walking distance to a number of attractions.  Room was as advertised.  For two people for more than 2 nights, it could be a bit if a challenge.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay here recently. Slow elevators were my big concern and while it was busier on Friday and Saturday nights I never had to wait too long for an elevator. The rooms were small but well organized and the bed was great for a good nights sleep.  I could walk anywhere I wanted in Midtown and I would definitely stay here again
bubble_30	Very nice people - great front desk, housekeeping, restaurant staff, etc. So A+ on service,  Also conveniently located and near several subway lines.  The rooms are minuscule. My room had no closet and no full length mirror and a big TV that bopped me in the head a few times as it's not flush in the wall and sits basically on top of a desk that is attached to the bed. Very odd. The elevator is dreadfully slow in the AM so plan to wait 5-10 minutes to get downstairs, and the little bodega/coffee shop downstairs is hilariously expensive. I paid $5 for a large drip coffee - not a cappuccino or latte - a straight up "self serve" coffee out of a carafe.   The rates are reasonable for NY, but I have stayed at more comfortable places for the same price. This won't be my go to hotel,
bubble_40	I have stayed at the Arlo Soho before and enjoy the vibe in these hotels. I noticed another reviewer commented on the smell in the lobby as a bad thing... its a lovely scent, definitely not bad!  Overall I really enjoyed the Arlo. Yes the rooms are small, but the bed is super comfortable, its spotless, the shower products are great, the rooftop is amazing and the staff are nice. I also love that its so close to Koreatown with tons of great restaurants. Will definitely return!
bubble_50	I can see why the rooms have been given awards! Fantastically designed to make use of all the space. In the 'city that never sleeps', I sure did sleep - with comfort, the beds were lovely and clean with crisp white linen, air conditioning and tastefully modern accessories littered the room.   The roof top bar gives unparalleled 360 views of the Manhattan skyline from its unique position practically opposite the Empire State Building. A lovely place for a casual and calm drink in the summer months.   The service was amazing, the staff couldn't be more helpful and they genuinely care about their customers experience and opinions. I'd personally like to say a huge thank you to all the staff especially Maggie Houston, the manager for the unparalleled service I received from them!
bubble_40	Positives here include location,  hip factor, friendly staff, great rooftop bar. Had some minor problems with housekeeping  (just didn't come), and first room was not as promised (be careful what "type" you book).
bubble_50	We arrived at the Arlo Nomad on 10/27/17 to celebrate my birthday weekend. When we arrived the staff was attentive and friendly.  My husband had told them it was my birthday so we found a bottle of prosecco in our room on the 25th floor and also in our friends room too!   The view from the room was amazing!  We were also able to spend some time at  the roof top bar that also offered great views.We had  breakfast at the restaurant one morning and definitely recommend that, the coffee is great!  We had a great experience and definitely recommend the Arlo Nomad
bubble_50	I had checked into another hotel near the Arlo Nomad and was so disappointed. AN to the rescue. I knew from the minute I entered this was my kinda place. Friendly, professional, casual with class. The room was great, the breakfast was great. My only issued was the broken elevator. It took 40 minutes to catch a ride. My suite case was too full from shopping to lug down 14 flights of stairs. The check out person was very apologetic. I've already booked my next reservation.
bubble_30	I booked this hotel through British Airways as part of a package holiday and I want to start by saying that neither BA nor the Arlo Nomad wanted to take responsibility for our less than desirable experience.  We had booked this hotel for a surprise 21st holiday for 5 days for my Son. I contacted the hotel beforehand to ask them if they could put some balloons in his room and maybe a banner, for when we arrived; they said they would and they forgot! Luckily I had taken some things with me and asked them to do it for the next day. They did attempt at making it up to him by leaving some cheap plonk.  When we arrived in our rooms, we knew that the rooms would be small, but not so small that there weren't any drawers for clothes and hanging space for a few items above the fridge.
bubble_50	We spent 3 nights im Arlo Nomad, at the entrance you smell the amazing acent from Le Labo santal 66. Then, the little caf, the internal design are just perfect, what I expected from NY. The room, was tiny,  but had an amazing view from NY buoldings and roof tops. Clean, confortable and very well located.
bubble_50	Had an amazing weekend stay at Arlo Nomad!  Perfect location midtown - close to restaurants, shopping, cafes, and quick walk to subway. Super friendly and helpful staff.  Hotel has a funky, retro vibe. Great coffee in the morning and all night pizza in main lobby.  Beautiful views from the 20th floor in a king (sky) room with floor to ceiling windows.  Will definitely recommend and stay again!!
bubble_50	We arrived at the Arlo Nomad after a long flight from the UK to a very pleasant smelling and cool reception area.  The staff were very efficient and gave us some information and guided us to our room.  I had emailed the hotel previously to let them know that it was my daughters 13th birthday and they put us in a higher room floor balloons were in the room  what a thoughtful gesture! The room itself was small but perfectly formed  everything that was needed was there! The bed itself was very comfy and the linen pristine white! The space in the room had been used very cleverly and there was still room for 2 suitcases without being too cluttered! The room itself was immaculate and kept clean throughout our stay! We had a Queen Sky room with floor to ceiling glass and we had a
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at the Arlo Nomad last week. The views from our room on the 29th floor were amazing, so too were the ones from the the incredible rooftop bar, looking up at the Empire State Building from the glass-floored balcony.   OK, so the rooms may be just a little smaller than average, but we knew that, and it wasn't an issue for us. The outlook over the city from our King (Sky) Room more than made up for this, especially at night, as we sat for several hours watching planes circling around the city.  We thought this hotel had a great atmosphere, stylish decor, and such friendly and helpful staff. Unfortunately, our visit was far too short, so we hope for a longer stay next time, but it was a fabulous start to our birthday celebrations in the US.
bubble_50	Lovely clean, modern hotel. Staff extremely helpful. Cannot fault. Will stay again and recommend friends. Superb views from hotel room and rooftop bar. Great location for everything. We mostly walked everywhere so as not to miss out on anything.
bubble_40	I stayed here for a few days, based solely on the views. I booked a Queen Sky room. The views were phenomenal. Really incredible!  It was an absolutely tiny room but neat and functional. There was no bathroom as such, the toilet and shower were right there tucked behind slightly frosted glass (dont go with someone youre not all that comfortable with!).  The hotel had a funky vibe but limited services (e.g. no one offered to take bags up to the room). I requested a kettle in the room and was declined. You do get a mini (and I do mean mini!) fridge. The blinds were difficult to move up and down (and I did need them, the floor to ceiling windows make it very sunny during the day!). Comfy bed, nice linens, nice toiletries (although in dispensers in the shower). We were going to
bubble_50	Dear Arlo NoMad, I love you! You made my birthday stay wonderful. My husband and I enjoyed the beautiful view from our room, everything was  functional and the scented lobby is amazing. The front desk staff was very friendly and courtes. We can't wait to go back again!!
bubble_50	It's kind of amazing.  Right in the heart of the city it feels like an upscale dorm for graduates who are living a fun life.  Or like a private university alumni club - but only for  the cool kids.  The whole ambiance says - have a great time!  Everything is designed beautifully.  The food at Massimo is exquisite.  The service is friendly and cool.  Great for biz or solo travel or if you really love someone.  Sexy hotel.  Nicely done!
bubble_20	Views are ok at 17th floor. It is better than ok. But rooms are really small and do not have a desk - instead, it has 30cm x 30 cm shelve that has a phone and a music tube on it.  The hair dryer was not working and I requested one that works 42 mins ago - the new hair dryer hasn't arrived and I called 3 times already.   As much as I would like to love the hotel... Well who am I kidding. I am not staying here next time...
bubble_40	Funky light experience in a boring midtown neighborhood. Very lively staff from reception to roof top waiter. Different vibrant bars inside and roof top one. breakfast room is on the darker side which does not help you wake up in the morning ... Yes the rooms are on the small side but the glass walls give you a fantastic view over the city of you ask for a top floor room. The free bike usage is a nice touch and biking around a Saturday morning in downtown Manhattan is a unique experience.
bubble_50	I loved this hotel!   The location is great and the service was fantastic. A special shout out to Carly on the front desk who managed to get us a higher room so we had the best view of the Empire State Building, it really did make a special holiday that little bit more special.   Oh and the pizza at the bodega is awesome!
bubble_50	Just what I needed and like to pay for; all the amenities of a high end hotel except the cost. I'm usually out on the town so I don't mind that the rooms are small room (why pay for it when you don't need it) more importantly Arlo has top notch amenities I like.
bubble_40	We arrived in the afternoon, check-in was was done super-swiftly by the very friendly front-desk staff.  Now, the rooms are very, very small BUT an absolute miracle in how every inch is optimized, so we had enough space for all our stuff. It reminded us of a super-stylish, deluxe student dorm.  As the weather was great, we made our way up to the roof-top bar, which is very spacious, offers great seating options, pretty cool views and even a glass-bottom section. We had a fun time up there. Our check-out was super-early, so we sadly missed breakfast. The morning crew organised us a taxi, hooked us up with bottled water and sent us on our way with a smile.
bubble_40	Just finished a week in NY staying at the Arlo Nomad, and the hotel was lovely. From walking in the door and taking in the amazing scented lobby (still not sure what it is!) to the awesome heights rooftop bar where you can take in the sights of NY - its all fantastic. The Empire State Building is just across the street and it's a wonder to behold at night-time. The hotel is pretty central; just off Fifth Avenue and Broadway. What more do you want? Would definately come back.
bubble_10	I booked 2 rooms at the Arlo Nomad in New York based on raving positive reviews on Booking.com. Now that I have actually seen and experienced the room, I can only assume that these reviews are fake.   The Queen room has a bed that is so short that my feet hang over. I am 1,95m tall. Airlines have introduced 2m long beds in business class on planes and Arlo cannot make that happen in a hotel?  I asked to switch to a room with a king bed, but the receptionist cautioned that it would only be an inch longer.   The room is tiny which is okay in principle, but this is extreme. There is no space to put your suitcase. I have it in the middle of the room and have to step over it all the time.   The airconditioning is deafening and comes on full blast erratically. This is a newly
bubble_50	Stayed here on a friend's recommendation during a recent girls trip and glad I listened.  While the rooms are small, standard NYC, they're well appointed with everything you need. The staff are friendly and accommodating and you can't go wrong with the rooftop bar! The only only thing I'd change is the fact that the elevators can be brutally slow at times...
bubble_50	Incredible hotel from their friendly, helpful staff to their spotless rooms. Beautiful inviting aroma in the lobby which was a pleasure to walk through every morning, quirky little bar on the ground floor with great service. We read up on previous reviews about the rooms being too small? Theyre perfect size for winding down after a long day out exploring especially on the clean, incredibly comfortable beds provided. The showers have great pressure with no temperature issues and clean towels every day. Stayed in the Queen sky room on the 26th floor which I would highly recommend as we were left with a breathtaking view in the morning and night. Really cannot fault this hotel and would recommend anyone to stay here. Would happily stay here again on my next visit.
bubble_50	Small incredibly well put together room. I stayed in the base queen room, the bed was comfortable, the shower had great pressure with no lack of hot water, the WiFi was fast and not fussy to get connected to. Location is right off 5th Ave so a quick walk to shopping or over to Penn Station.
bubble_50	The Arlo NoMad was the right place for a last-minute mother-daughter weekend. We loved the bunk bed room with our private TVs, super-comfy beds, & luxurious shower. Plus, we could see the Empire State Building from our window. The room/hotel was funky and clean, & the staff was friendly and helpful. Would go again in a heartbeat!
bubble_40	Wonderful hotel. From the moment you walk in you are greeted by a wonderfully scented lobby and friendly staff. The lobby and surrounding areas (seating areas, restaurant etc) are beautifully decorated. It is a fairly new hotel as I understand and that does reflect in the appearance.  The rooms:  My experience is of the Queen Sky rooms. They are small, yes, but perfectly formed. The linen on the bed is crisp and white, everything is clean and does not have that old or worn feeing of some older hotels. Floor to ceiling windows, tip: dont forget to pull the curtain across when dressing or after showering, there are often workmen working high up on neighbouring buildings that - from experience *blush* can definitely see in. There is a hairdryer and clothes steamer, shower products
bubble_50	Brand new Excellent well designed hotel with a good energy.   Superb location Cool Staff, helps you- Nice interior - well designed - Lobby is energizng, food 24/7 3 bars (rooftop on 31. floor). Youga, Meditation and free music. Nice "library". A hotel you can spend a day in- just having fun and relax. Room are small, but well designed and with graet view to Empire State  Free Bikes
bubble_50	Great Location, Stunning views of NYC skyline, wonderful rooftop to see the sunset and have some drinks at night as well. I went a couple of days ago but the rooftop was closed due the weather however one of the front desk agents named Carlos kindly gave a tour to my friend visiting from DR. I missed my Frozen Rose but planning to come back soon to keep enjoying the view. Thank you so much Carlos for being attentive and to answer all our questions. I Love The Heights!!!!! Sheila
bubble_50	Dear Mrs. Houston and the Arlo Nomad staff,   We had an AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING stay at Arlo Nomad! My wife and I were celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary and we could have not stayed anywhere better.  We loved the rate that included the parking, 2 drinks, and early checkin with late check out. Please dont get rid of it. With 2 young kids, we love this getaway!   Upon arrival, I thought I was going to have to search for the garage to park my car. It was a pleasant surprise that I was informed that valet would take care of it. Although the room was not ready, we did not mind at all. We left our bags and my wife and I did some shopping on 34th.  I was called on the phone to tell me the room was ready.   When we checked in, Cornell gave us complimentary breakfast bar
bubble_50	New hotel, GREAT LOCATION, very clean. Close to the metro lines, the 5th Ave, Empire state. Good size bed although rooms are a bit small.. But Hi.. This is NY. Rooms are quiet, the noise of the streets does not coming in.  All stuff are very friendly. Special thanks to Sadia (Amazing) and Liz. Been and seen a lot of hotels, I will come back to the Arlo NoMad for sure.
bubble_50	Super clean super cute and trendy, great location. Some view rooms (mine) didn't really have a view but is is New York so the buildings are fairly close. Great central location walked everywhere most of my trip. Staff were stellar and I have high expectations of service, they were fantastic kind and polite- that's important to me and adds a nice touch to your stay. The rooms are pretty small but you're in ny probably aren't in your room much anyways. The rooftop bar was pretty cool too!  Would def go back next time in NYC!
bubble_50	My friend from Argentina was staying here so we decided to follow his lead and we were happy we did. Warm friendly welcome as they handled our bags before checkin and got our bags to our room before we returned. NOTE: rooms are very compact but well planned and functional. Nice breakfast buffet for $15 (coupon from front desk). Beautiful coworking space and lounge on second floor. Free yoga and other activities. Roof top lounge great views and good liquor. Got three free bikes and cycled to around and back from Central park.   BEST OF ALL: desk referred us to a great Korean restaurant and to Rocco's steakhouse Both great choices
bubble_40	I have very mixed reviews about the Arlo Nomad. We booked the hotel months ago after doing fairly extensive research on a great place to stay in NYC. The location is great - it's not too touristy and is situated in an area with multiple excellent places to eat and drink all within a 5 minute walk!  The selling point of the hotel are the views from the room. We booked for a Queen Sky Room and the website (obviously taken from the highest room possible) shows some absolutely spectacular views. I had seen mixed reviews on here saying the lower floor rooms do not have the best views so ahead of time I emailed the hotel saying could we please have the highest room available. Now, assuming not everyone does this (maybe they do!) we were placed on the 22nd floor in room 2206 (the rooms
bubble_50	I was in NYC for a short three day weekend. I had a fabulous time from beginning to end. Liz and Cordell were staff that went above and beyond to help make me feel at home during my stay. You're able to safely leave your belongings before and after check in for the remainder of the day. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The views from the room and the rooftop bar are priceless. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I wasn't able to enjoy all the amenities so I'm eager to return and say hello to the friendly staff I met. Thanks Liz, Cordell and Arlo! Will return and recommend to all my friends and family!
bubble_50	Loved the Arlo NoMad when I stayed there last weekend. Walking in I was immediately impressed because the lobby smells so good. The room itself was small but was clean and well decorated. The rooftop bar has an awesome view. I didn't eat at the restaurant but the iced coffee at the bodega was really good. The staff was incredibly friendly and made leaving our bags there after checkout a breeze. Would stay here again!
bubble_50	Differs from typical hotels in US. Stylish with good atmosphere. Rooms are small but cozy. Nice view from the window. Great bar, good breakfast. Customer service is nice. I really liked the quiet room on second floor where it is comfortable to work even early morning. You will enjoy the stay!
bubble_20	After planning a last minute trip to nyc, the price seemed fair for the location and 2 reality stars I follow had just stayed here. I knew the rooms would be small but wanted to cry when I walked into my room. Small is the understatement of the century. I had a Queen Room w/ city view on 18th floor. Thank god i was traveling alone, theres NO actual door for the bathroom. Its a tinted sliding glass door that provides minimal privacy. I asked for an upgrade when I got there but they said it was fully booked. It really felt like a prison cell or like I was on a cruise ship. The rooftop bar and the 24 hour bodega in the lobby(yummy pizza after a night out) were the only two reasons I didnt give this hotel 1 star. I couldve gotten a much bigger room for less somewhere else, I was
bubble_50	Everything about this hotel from it's staff to its ambiance was great. The location worked well since I had meetings all over the city, and despite the trendy vibe and cool rooftop and indoor bars, my room was quiet. Only gripe is that I wish they had a gym (they do have a partnership with a studio nearby, however, as well as rooftop yoga and other classes on the premises).
bubble_50	The room is just perfect with great city views. Just make sure you are high up and get a city view.  We did not have to go to the Empire State building as we could see it from our room. The room is as pictured, so no surprises. However, there are different layout to the rooms so be aware of that. It is centrally located.  The staff was great. Carlos at the front desk is a dream! Knowledgeable, courteous and does a great job. THis place is well run and organized.  It has the most amazing rooftop bar. Friday and Saturday nights has music and is quite packed with locals and tourists alike. Such a great stay, and will stay again.
bubble_50	This was the perfect hotel for a week away with my husband. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a room with a view of the Empire State Building. The staff was always genuinely kind and helpful. The room was modern and clean. The location was perfect--near Penn Station and in the middle of everything! The best part, though, the rooftop patio! Stunning views of the city and amazing drinks. We will definitely stay here again. In fact, we will come to NYC just to stay here again.
bubble_40	This is a perfect central hotel. Stayed for 4 nights before leaving for Washington.The room photos you see on line are exactly what you get - glass from ceiling to floor. Amazing!! The space is limited but cleverly used and with these views you really shouldn't care. Very clean room. We did not eat there so cannot comment on the food.  Downside as everyone says is getting the lift at times as everyone is trying to get to the rooftop bar. We didn't even get there in the end due to the line which is shame when you are a guest..... but overall it is a great hotel.
bubble_50	The Arlo Nomad has such a friendly staff who were eager to accommodate any reasonable request. We had gotten a Queen Urban room on the 9th floor overlooking E 31st St which offered a beautiful view of the "golden" tower capping the New York Life Insurance Building off in the distance at Park Avenue. When it is lit up at night, the golden emanation is sight to behold especially from the comfort of one's room. Although the type of room we booked was small it is not inconveniently so by NYC standards. Besides, the linen in our room was clean and fresh. The Bodega in the lobby offered a rich coffee perfect for a morning pick me up as well as tasty pies and creative appetizers such as marinated whole onions, squash caponata and mushroom pie. Then, there is the Massoni where some of
bubble_40	If you are looking for a hip/trendy NYC hotel with unbeatable views, this is it. So long as you don't mind the fact that the rooms are the size of a large closet, but the floor to ceiling windows make it worth it. The service at the hotel was great too.   Additionally, I caution anyone from running around naked in their hotel room without the curtains fully drawn as the layout of the building means that you look diagonally into many other guests room.  Great for a one night stay, but too small to stay any longer than that.  Ps. The rooftop bar is not to be missed!
bubble_50	We stayed in the King Room on the 28 floor and had a view that we will remember for a lifetime. Waking up to the sun rising over Manhatten is something that's hard to top.  The next best thing about Arlo Nomad is having the convenience of being able to walk to just about everywhere in Manhatten.  The room itself is a little small, but I guess that's New York for you. The hotel is very hipster-friendly (design wise) but thankfully not in a smothering quinoa-obsessed-coffee-drinking kind of way. Tasteful balance.  We had very attentive and helpful service from the hotel staff.
bubble_50	Great hotel in midtown with tons of activities. The staff are ridiculously friendly. Bike rentals and patio are a nice touch. I'd expect a hotel like this to cost more money. I'll definitely be back!!
bubble_50	A business trip took me to New York, and I was delighted with the Aldo Nomad as a base. Minutes from the Empire State Building, and a short walk to Penn Station, you couldn't ask for more. I normally go for budget hotels, but if you're looking for a NYC splurge (within reason) then this seems a really good choice. As other reviews mention, the immaculate rooms (with great showers) can be small (mine was), but: a) They're no smaller than you'd get in, say, Hong Kong b) It's New York! After 10 minutes admiring the view, who wants to stay in their bedroom? The rooftop bar gives you a perfect King Kong view of the Empire State Building. As others discuss, it will likely be full of black-clad Manhatten Millennials on Friday and Saturday nights, but when I popped up later on a Sunday
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for our honeymoon & we couldn't fault it. Staff were friendly and helpful, room was small but perfectly formed and the view from our room was amazing, not to mention the rooftop bar with views of the Empire State Building. The hotel had everything we needed and the location was great for being able to get to everywhere we wanted to visit with ease. Would definitely recommend the hotel and hope to visit New York and the Arlo nomad again soon.
bubble_40	Cool hotel with an amazing rooftop bar and comfortable beds. The staff was very nice and helpfull, and they have bikes for rent. The downside was a noisy aircon and long waits by the elevator. But i absolutly recommend the hotel if you want it hip, easy and centrally located!
bubble_50	We booked only one night there with my husband.  From the time we arrived to the time we left all was perfect.  The staff was great, very helpful and friendly.  We got upgrated to a stoning room with skyline view.  We enjoyed the roof-top and a live band playing at the 2nd floor.  Even the cocktails from the bar-man were amazing!   When we left while waiting for our taxi, one the staff came talk to us, it was super nice of him!   Definitely recommended! We will book back there for sure!
bubble_20	The hotel has a good location but the room amenities and front desk staff are not courteous once you've checked out. Comparatively, Holiday Inn Express Manhattan Midtown West offers better room amenities and value for money compared to Arlo at a slightly disadvantaged location.
bubble_50	Stayed here at the end of August with my husband. Had read all the reviews prior to leaving uk do was really excited about staying at this hotel. My previous visit to NYC was spent in a room that was huge so the size of the room was a slight worry to me but I was presently surprised, that although small they were very cool and comfortable, perfect for our short stay in NYC.  We arrived into penn station and the location was a short walk from there.  We arrived and were greated warmly by the reception staff, we were given a choice of rooms but opted for 26th floor which had fantastic views of the Empire State Building.   We spent our first evening at massoni and the roof top bar which we loved. The good was very tasty and there was a lovely atmosphere in the roof top bar and
bubble_40	On a whim, I booked a last-minute early July 2017 trip with a friend.  We each booked separate rooms in the Arlo Nomad.  Looking at the pictures on tripadvisor and elsewhere, I decided to upgrade to one of those corner rooms with floor-to-ceiling glass windows.  After getting to the hotel, smelling the nice scent of the lobby area, and checking in, I was given the key and eagerly took the elevator to the room.  I didn't get one of the higher-level rooms (I forget which floors the views start) due to them being booked up during the time I was there.  I think I was on the 14th floor and there was no view.  Well, there was a view - directly into the windows of the surrounding office buildings.  My friend who did not pay for the corner room upgrade had a regular Queen-sized room on
bubble_50	We had a great time staying at Arlo Nomad- getting around manhattan was made effortless with their available bikes, decor of the hotel was stunning, not to mention the rooftop views. Special thanks to Zach at the front desk for being so helpful and accomodating!
bubble_40	Gorgeous hotel, splendid location, the friendliest staff (seriously amazing   people) I have ever dealt with, super comfortable mattresses, the softest,   cleanest linen!  Heartbreaking semi-framed glass door separates the toilet (and one's bodily   functions odors) from the bedroom. This is never okay, guys. A toilet bowl   practically inside your bedroom, not cool.  The rooms are tiny, this much I knew already, but with minimal effort, there   could at least be a bench to put a suitcase on.  In a bunk-bed room, you expect two people - and definitely not a couple. At   the expense of a few inches of glass windows, there could be a better closet   to put some clothes.  Not a single drawer.  Massive shower area. Minimal sink countertop.  I'll end with this: the beds are truly
bubble_50	After just getting back from a week long trip staying at this hotel, all I can say is that it's amazing. Firstly, the decor is stunning, stylish, and minimalistic. The room was extremely clean and well thought out in regards to design, utilizing all the space in an effective manner. Upon check in, we were greeted with friendly staff, who gave us an upgrade, we had paid to stay in a lower level room, and were upgraded to the 17th floor, giving us an amazing view. We are very grateful for this and something we didn't expect from the hotel. Housekeeping was fantastic, providing us with fresh clean towels everyday, and every evening we came back to the room we were greeted with a clean and tidy space. The rooftop bar is an amazing addition; although drinks up there are pricey, but
bubble_40	The hotel is so beautiful  Pros I love how stylish and clean the hotel is , the rooftop look so beautiful and the king size bed was so comfortable, best sleep I ever had . I wish I had food from the hotel but heard it was good . Cons  Rooms are a like a box , barely had space to do my makeup. Also I pay for a city view room , they offer me a across the street apartment view , yea I was pissed but whatever I enjoyed the view AKA big windows . Do I recommend this hotel to anyone , yea to couples . Def not for families with children.   My ratings for this hotel is. 4 star.
bubble_50	I wanted my parents anniversary to be special. My dad had never been to New York. Arlo NoMad was better than I could have imagined. They were given a personal, hand-written note and showed how much they cared about my parents and celebrating their years of marriage together. They had a wonderful experience and the room was fantastic. The corner room gave the feeling of being in a luxurious treehouse overlooking the city. It was quite, and beautiful view during the day and at night. I am so grateful to the staff at Arlo NoMad for showing how much they cared. I highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Arlo NoMad for one night, the check in experience was fast and very courteous. I was upgraded from a "bunk room" to a Queen Bed corner room. The room itself is small but cool, the bed seems to float in the corner of floor to ceiling windows. The bed was very comfortable, no complaints there.   There were only two aspects of the room that I didn't like. First off, there is no desk in the room. They have a common area on the second floor where you can work, but I prefer to work in my room, and that was not an option here. Secondly, the air conditioner is abnormally loud, I had the fan on low but it was still strangely loud. Fortunately, it did not prevent me from sleeping really well but for light sleepers it could be an issue. As with most hotels in New York there
bubble_50	I stayed at Arlo Nomad for two weeks whilst on business, and I could not have been happier with my stay.  The breakfast is awesome, the staff are BRILLIANT and the rooms are lovely, with the comfiest beds.  The locations is also perfect, close to everything. Choose Arlo for your NYC stay and you won't be disappointed.
bubble_50	One of the most positive experiences I've had in a hotel to date.  Everything was immaculate, the internal fit-out was spot on, the beds were comfy, the staff we're very accommodating and the location was perfect. The soundproofing int the rooms is also spot on. We didn't hear a peep from our various neighbours throughout the course of the week.  At the point of making my reservation I informed the Front of House Manager that we were visiting New York for the first time and I was proposing to my Girlfriend on the first day. When we arrived at the hotel to check in we were put on the 29th (top) floor and  at the end of our first day, a chilled bottle of bubbly was waiting for us in the room when we got back along with a lovely handwritten card.  The location is absolutely perfect
bubble_40	Stayed for 4 nights on a business trip and had an enjoyable stay. I was lucky to be upgraded to a queen room with city view, it was comfortable enough and had all the amenities you need. I did however find the shower very low down due to the placement of the holder (I am 5.4 and even I had to duck down) and the glass bathroom door shut heavily and loudly.   The rooftop was great during a summer visit, plenty of space and great views of the city. Despite being open to the public I found it much more pleasant and less crowded than other rooftops in the area. I ate in both the restaurant downstairs, Massoni which was pleasant enough and got breakfast on a couple of occasions from the coffe shop in the lobby.
bubble_50	In 11 days quite simply the highlight of our trip. Super staff, great lobby, free champagne for our anniversary, 10th anniversary! Even the thunderstorm whilst we were on the roof top bar couldn't spoil it - we simply went down to our glass room and watched the thunder and lightening across the city. Thanks you Arlo x x x
bubble_50	Great lobby! Love the pictures on the wall had such a welcoming feel. Soo many fine details, even the scent was lovely. Friendly, helpful staff, was a nice oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle of NYC.  The design of the room was amazing. Tiny but awesome! Everything was there for a reason and considered. We had a corner room. Absolutely loved the Blind barber amenities!!! That Lemongrass tea scent was amazing! I would buy that for sure! Shower was great! Just loved it. Only criticism was space to put our bags in the room was limited. The air con was unusually loud as well. Didn't really bother us though. Great service on check out! We were able to leave our bags after check out until it was time to go to the airport. The staff were super efficient and Nicolos arranged a
bubble_30	Booked 4 nights here for business in Manhattan. I have stayed at a competing "micro" hotel on several occasions and was familiar with the room style before I booked it. I visit NYC 3-4 times per year and spend 75+ nights per year in a hotel.  Based on reviews, I reached out to the GM via email to ensure that a "sky view" King would actually have a a view.  She replied promptly and stated that they recently changed that category to higher floors based on guest feedback.  Since that was the reason I selected this hotel, I was glad to hear that and pleased with the quick reply.  Arrived about 4 pm and room was ready.  Agent never did confirm my room type so I asked about it after she gave me keys to ensure I was not going to go upstairs to the wrong room. Usually it's common to
bubble_50	Three colleagues staid the night recently and loved the concept! Yes, the rooms are small - it is a micro-hotel - but warm and cozy with everything you need for a quick trip to the NYC. We went up for business and it was centrally located within walking distance to many appointments we had in the NoMad neighborhood. The rooftop was also fun with a great night time view of the city and an awesome glass floor section where you could see all the way down to the street. The 24 hour Bodega is practical for a water bottle at night and coffee in the morning. We love the Arlo properties!
bubble_50	NYC rooms are usually tiny & expensive.  These rooms were still tiny, but with such large windows that the room felt bigger than it was. The bed was right next to the windows and it felt like I was hovering in the middle of the city as I fell asleep (it was so cool). Also, the layout of the bathroom/desk was clever & convenient so the space didn't feel crowded. Great location and nice staff. You might be able to get more for more money in NYC, but I'm not sure you could get a better room for the price.
bubble_40	Nice rooms small but nice. Good restaurant. Fancy rooftop bar. Only 2 elevators for 30 floors. Big minus for the queues on weekend nights due to the popular roof top bar. Close to everything in midtown but at the same time calm location.
bubble_40	Stayed Sep 17; hotel is about 1-1.5 hours from JFK. Rooms perfectly adequate for two people and had everything needed, space was well utilised. It's a perfect pad for sight seeing as it's so close to the main sights. All staff very helpful. Breakfast was delicious but pricey. Dinner in the restaurant was also super tasty but very pricey! Be warned, if you want to alter the menu in any for example swapping vodka for gin in a cocktail it costs you! Rooftop bar is amazing, 2 drinks up there were just short of $30! Overall, a great stay and would definitely stay again!
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights during my partner's 30th birthday celebrations and had a brilliant time. We booked a sky queen room, and were given a corner room on the 19th floor with a fabulous view of the Empire State Building. We also received a very warm welcome and birthday wishes at check in which was nice.  Yes, the rooms are small. It's New York, I'm not sure what people are expecting. The two of us were absolutely fine in our room, the only difficult part was packing/unpacking our cases. Our room was very cleverly laid out, and also had plenty of room to walk around the bed.  Service throughout our stay was faultless. One evening we asked for an iron and ironing board, which were sent to our room within 15 minutes. We also received a lovely note and vouchers for a free
bubble_40	The Arlo had just opened and I will in NY on business for 5 days, the rooms are very small, ok for solo traveller or max a couple that are very happy together...  The restaurant is nice, but small.. Food is good, limited menu or buffet options for breakfast.
bubble_50	We had an amazing stay in Arlo Nomad whilst we were in NYC to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary.   Hotel is very clean, modern and nicely decorated. Rooms are very functional and detail to attention is excellent. 24 hour pizza/drinks/coffee available at the reception and everywhere in the hotel smells amazing. The location is great/amazing - 15 min walk from Time Sq, 1 min walk from 5th Av, 3 min walk from Empire State Building and nearby public transport - you are never far away to anywhere...and the view from the rooms and rooftop bar - wow unbelievable....I believe their rooftop is now one of the hottest place to be in NYC given it was buzzing every night.  Their main restaurant Massoni is superb...they serve great breakfast at very reasonable cost, and you must try their
bubble_50	This hotel delivers exactly as advertised. the rooms are a little on the small side but that matters not an ounce when all things are considered. The views, the finish of the room, the style of the place, the staff, the location, the rooftop bar, the lobby bar - all 10/10. we stayed for one night only for our anniversary and were on the 29th floor looking towards Brooklyn and the East Side. there was a bottle of champagne on ice waiting in the room and a lovely handwritten card. We spent most of the night sat on the edge of the bed with all the lights out looking out over manhattan in the middle of an electric storm which was magical (not sure if Arlo can take credit for the lightening!) . we were able to relax downstairs in the morning and left our bags with the hotel while we
bubble_50	This hotel is a great find the rooms are a bit small but the views are amazing. i booked this hotel for my hubbys 50th birthday.. It was perfect i was able to have a celebration at there roof top bar everyone there made our stay and the celebration perfect.
bubble_30	We stayed here for a business trip for the first time due to location and reasonable price.  NY hotel rooms are small by nature but the room at Arlo was about size of a prison cell.  Even for NY I was shocked how small it was.  For the size it was fairly well laid out.  Bed was just ok and it was only a full size.  No way you want 2 people to share this room.  The other issue here is the elevator system.  At times it would take me 15 minutes to get downstairs as the elevator was overloaded with guest.    The rooftop bar here is pretty cool and views are great.    The lobby and bars here are cool but due to room size and the time I wasted on waiting for the elevators I probably would stay here again.
bubble_50	This hotel is perfectly placed for a lot of the "must see" icons of New York. It's a few minutes walk from Penn station where we arrived and is right in the heart of Manhattan.  Lovely little room with all the facilities we needed and we slept well in the comfortable beds. The roof terrace is a magical place as the sun is going down but it is very very crowded up there. Spoilt, in my view, by the incessant thumping music that seems to be regarded as a necessity these days in any social space. Opportunities for a quiet conversation are few.   Great staff helped us with every question we had. There can be a long wait sometimes for a lift/elevator.  I'd stay here again without a doubt. I wish we'd got a room on a higher floor.  Wonderful stay.
bubble_40	This hotel has an ultra cool vibe from the check in desk, to the little bodega in the lobby to the 2nd floor "library ". You can get espressos from the bodega and they also have great pizza as well as avocado toast and a croissant breakfast sandwich. The rooftop is amazing with outstanding views and a little respite from the chaos. We only ate dessert at the restaurant, but it seemed to fit the vibe.The location is great in Korea Town but near the Empire State Building. In 3 days we only took two Uber's because we felt we could walk anywhere. The only downside is the rooms are ultra tiny. If you are not super close with the person you're stay with I imagine it would be slightly awkward;). Overall fantastic choice and not too pricey.
bubble_50	This hotel is located very close to the notorious Empire State Building and is ideal for someone to use it as his base to start exploring one of the greatest metropoles in the world. Excellent decorated rooms and general common use areas, always cleaned and well maintained. Staff was very polite, warm and assistive. Breakfast and meals served were of superior quality and strongly recommended. Rooms are not very spacious but yet in my humble opinion bigger than the average for this city according to my research. It is really a great value for money hotel which is totally recommended either for short or prolonged staying in the city that never sleeps.
bubble_50	Cannot recommend this hotel higher. Such amazing friendly service paired with stunning views from room. Our first time in NYC was made extra special because of this hotel. Thank you for the room with a view
bubble_50	it was my first time visiting NYC, thanks to arlo nomad hotel, they made it extra special. the rooms where small but it was functional and  we had the best view of the city, they put us on the 28th floor , sky view, it was amazing, we were so happy ,could not ask for more. and of course excellent staff. would love to stay there again... recommend this hotel. and the lobby smelled so good too..
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I stayed here in one of the sky rooms and it was UNREAL. The room is small and cozy. The floor to ceiling windows were amazing. We will definitely be returning. Amazing room. Friendly staff. Awesome common areas. Great location. Definitely recommend it!
bubble_50	The hotel seems a bit unassuming from the outside and small in the lobby, but it is one great little gem! The rooms were very small but extremely functional and the views from both the room and the rooftop bar were spectacular. The staff is extremely friendly and the hotel is clean and has a really cool vibe. Plus the location is fantastic for visiting Manhattan - right across from the iconic Empire State and about equidistant from Downtown and Central Park. We enjoyed our stay very much!
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night before going to see Billy Joel at MSG. It was his birthday trip and they were so extremely accommodating. Never experienced such service. They gave us a top floor room with spectacular views. And later sent up a bottle of champagne to celebrate! The hotel is beautiful and perfectly decorated with amazing art. The restaurant Massoni is by far a 5 star restaurant and you'd regret it if you didn't go! If the weather is nice definitely check out the rooftop bar The Heights. Overall it was an amazing and memorable stay. And I will recommend this to anyone staying in NYC. 5 stars. Two thumbs way up!
bubble_50	Loved the Arlo! Such a cool vibe, great team, comfortable room. You have everything you need onsite, don't even need to go out! The bars are great and the pizza at Massoni is out of this world good. On top of everything, they serve La Colombe coffee at the bodega. Thanks for a lovely stay!
bubble_50	It was my first time in NYC and the first hotel we stayed in and we absolutely loved it! Had a lovely room with the most spectacular view of the Manhattan skyline. The staff was very helpful and understanding. We travelled with a 10 months old and all our needs were met.  Can't recommend this hotel enough!
bubble_30	The various modern designed  lounges and bar are great for the trendy hip crowd   Then go upstairs to Emerge yourself amongst the skyline with Amazing views. Staff was quite accommodating and the Dj on this late Saturday afternoon  was descent   Fun place to hang and have drinks
bubble_50	This hotel is killer! The vibe at this place is cool from the front lobby all the way to the roof top bar (don't leave without going!). The room itself was modern and simple, and perfect for our stay. The view from the room was entertainment enough. Everyone on the staff was delightful, not to mention hospitable and knowledgeable. As someone that has never visited NYC, my trip could have turned out very different (and stressful) were it not for my stay here. See you soon Arlo Nomad and thank you!
bubble_50	This place was everything we wanted and more!   We took the train to penn station and walked around before we came to our hotel. (Urban backpacking!) It was a fun walk, great sightseeing.   We were with family and meeting another couple that was also staying the night. We all met up on the roof top bar which was exceptional! The view of the Empire State Building, the city and chill vibes was the perfect Sunday afternoon. Great drinks, good music, and such a hip boutique feel to the hotel. Loved it!   Our room was so perfect too! We stayed in the window rooms (ground to ceiling windows) and admired our closeness to city views at dark.   I would love to, and plan on, stay at this wonderful place again.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay at the Arlo  Nomads! It was my first visit to NYC, the room was small but very functional, both the room view and the rooftop view was amazing, the staff was very pleasant and informative. I'm looking foward to visiting again!
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for a 3 night stay. Overall we were happy with our experience.   Hotel is in a great location - we walked to Times Square, right up 5th ave for shopping. It was very close to the subway station so it was super easy to get to other neighbourhoods like soho.   The hotel is very lively at most times of the day - the on site restaurant and rooftop bar drew in a lot of locals and hotel guests so there always seemed to be lots going on. We had some drinks on the roof one night and it was crowded standing room only - but the drinks were good!  The elevators were SO SLOW, mostly due to the amount of people. Not once did we click the button and just go up - there was always a wait.   Rooms are super small - but that's what this hotel is micro
bubble_50	Amazing view, nice and helpful staff, great location, inspiring interiors and room design, the coconut smell on the entrance.... And those lemongrass - roiboos cosmetics in the room ;) I highly recommend this place and will definitely revisit one day.
bubble_10	If you grew up in a shoe box this is the place for you. The bed was the room. I've never been to hotel without a night stand. You know that thing with the alarm clock on top and the bible in the drawer.
bubble_40	First of all, I would like to emphasize that the hotel employees was very polite, available to answer every question and to help.  It is very good to have view of Empire State Building, from your bed. The room was small to be really honest, but for two people it is good enough. Also it was a not noisy room, at least at 21 floor.  The food at hotel it was tasty, and the drinks at the bar also.
bubble_50	Wow! What a view! We loved our stay at the Arlo Nomad.  We stayed in corner room #1502 and loved looking out on the city. I think it would be totally worth the splurge to upgrade to a corner room even higher.   The room was tastefully decorated, impeccably clean and bright. Amenities included super smelling shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, soap and moisturizer. We appreciated the plentiful outlets in our tiny room for all our gadgets. The queen bed was very, very comfy!  We enjoyed drinks at The Heights rooftop bar while enjoying the view of the Empire States Building, relaxing in the salon and breakfast at the restaurant. We highly recommend the buffet and the avocado toast (it's amazingly yummy!). The bodega has excellent coffee and many delicious offerings.  Besides walking
bubble_50	I stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks. Believe me when I say, the staff is AMAZING!! When my partner and I got to the room we had a complimentary bottle of wine & post card wishing us happy anniversary! I didnt like the view to the first room they gave us but I called and they re accommodated us to a very nice room in the 29th floor. I loved the room, it's small but I swear if you're practical, it's amazing. The view was to die for!!! I locked our safe and they were super fast to fixing it. lol!! I also asked for more hangers and a couple of band-aid and both were up in our room within 5 minutes!! Thank you so much to everyone who made my stay feel like a dream!! From now on, everytime I go to New York, this will be my go to hotel. Also, When I first looked at the reviews everybody
bubble_50	We were lucky enough to have our room on the highest floor. The pictures don't lie, amazing views and simple but functional room! Bedding was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was surprisingly large with nice upgrades. We'll definitely be back!
bubble_50	So, I used to live on the block - on 5th avenue between 31st and 32nd street. So when the hotel was being built I was curious as to what it would be like. I finally got the chance to go and stay there on a long weekend, (i moved out of the city). I really wanted to go back because the area is so amazing.  You are right in the heart of it, few blocks from any tube station, and a few blocks from herald sq, empire state, and then a short walk to flatiron and even bryant park.  The rooms are micro.... which is fine if you're a light traveller, but they're impeccably clean, organised and there's everything you need in the hotel...restaurant, bar, and a funky cool rooftop! I really had no complaints staying here, the views of the city are great, and the bodgea is amazing and 24hrs.
bubble_50	We've just returned from a 4 night stay at the Arlo Nomad and wow what a place !!   From start to finish, we couldn't fault the hotel. We stayed in a Sky King room on the 28th floor and the view was all that we had hoped for.  A huge thank you to Maggie for your assistance in arranging this.   A special mention to the staff on the front desk who were beyond helpful and the welcome bottle of wine was a very sweet gesture.   Just a few tips to add  The breakfast bar in Massoni was excellent and great value  A visit to the Rooftop Bar in the morning (hotel guests only at that time) was well worth it. Stunning skyline views Little Italy Pizza on East 33rd Street is a must try. Best Pizza we've ever had Leo's Bagels on Hanover Square - Oh my word the bagels were amazing. Don't miss
bubble_50	We stayed here when the hotel was brand new. Damn, it's a very nice hotel not only as it is new. We liked the style very much in particular the views form the rooms and the common/public areas. It is also located perfectly on Manhattan. The small restaurant was superb. Unfortunately the rooftop bar was not open, but we could still enjoy it for the view! Try and get a room as high as possible for the views!
bubble_40	We knew when booking that this would not be an ideal family suited Hotel, but wanting to give our kids a may bee "once in a lifetime" experience being able to lie in your bed viewing the New York skyline..we went ahead. Rooms were not ready on arrival 3:30 pm, ok no problem. Unfortunately when the rooms finally were available they were on the 21st and 19th floor. Having booked the King sky rooms, we expected skyline views from both rooms, that did not happen. the 19th floor room had "Brick Wall" views, not what we had dreamed off. If you book because of the sky line view...be sure to request above 20th floor location. The roof top bar is well laid out, great asset especially to the Hotel owner. Being open to public this place could be the Achilles heel to NoMad. Being crammed in
bubble_50	Could not be happier with the Arlo Nomad - staff aim to please - rooms are small but efficient and well planned. Shower is super - roof top bar is amazing - location is perfect. Ate one night at Massoni - excellent and interesting fusion food. The bodega coffee downstairs was fab. Weren't brave enough to ride the free bikes in Manhattan but love that they offer this (rented bikes from a shop near Central Park instead). Views from our 24th floor corner queen sky view room were insane. Just book it already!
bubble_50	Stay here when Im in NY on business. The rooms are small but the incredible views make up for the size. The restaurant is one of my favorites in NYC and the rooftop bar is awesome. Really love this place!
bubble_50	I splurged on this hotel stay. I really loved staying at this hotel for my visit to NYC. Staff are professional. The snack bar makes it convenient for grab and go. The top deck bar has amazing views and plays the best music. No complaints here.
bubble_50	Nice modern comfortable clean rooms.  Size of room was good for 2 people. Staff was friendly and rooftop bar was fun to hang out at.  Good location as we were able to walk to all the different neighbourhoods we wanted to.
bubble_50	This hotel is brand new and we stayed there for only 2 nights in frigid NYC early March 2017. Coming back July 21-25 was nothing short of magic. The staff = stellar. The rooftop bar = perhaps the best view in all of NYC. The views from our rooms were great too and another successful trip to our new "home away from home" in the city was had (this time with our two teenagers who also loved the amenities). Thank you Arlo Nomad and have an "Astoria" cocktail for me when you go...
bubble_50	We loved Arlo Nomad.  We booked direct and breakfast was included - nice touch.  Rooftop bar might just have to best panoramic view of NYC, and some fun drinks too.  Rooms are small, but get a room with a view and it seems much larger!  The only drawback is the elevator situation.  There are 2 and the staff use them as well as patrons so sometimes it is a long wait.  One morning I waited while an employee stopped the elevator on numerous floors to deliver fresh towels for housekeeping - a bit annoying, but if you are not in a rush then no big deal.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for 3 nights to visit New York City. The hotel is a very chic boutique hotel, only a 15-minute walk from NY Penn Station.   We expected the room to be small, which it was, but it was very functional, clean, and comfortable. I really liked that there was a steamer to get the wrinkles out of our clothes instead of an iron.   We had a few drinks at the 2nd floor bar, which had a nice ambience, and made sure to check out the rooftop - it has an incredible view of the city. We had breakfast at Massoni, which was great, but the service was slow (it was 11:00 a.m on a Sunday, and the server wasn't sure if the kitchen could make breakfast or brunch, and we had to chase someone down to pay our bill).   We had a great stay, and my only complaint
bubble_50	I must say the general Customer service from This hotel is nothing short of extraordinary. Cordell W in particular has treated me with an exceptional standard of service. Nothing seems to be too much of an issue and they are so happy to help. Thank you so much for all your help
bubble_40	Perfect for business. Easy in, great room, love the cafe, great location. Only niggle was waiting so long for to pick up bag when went back to collect it after checking out. Concierges could examine their patterns. Otherwise excellent and will return.
bubble_50	I cannot add anything to other reviews.  We only stayed the one night after a long business trip.  The staff we great and the view from my room and the roof top bar was amazing. I could not find any fault with the Arlo at all
bubble_50	We stayed at Arlo NoMad for our anniversary on July 7th. The room was very clean, the bed and bedding are very comfortable and it comes with great shower head! Also the rooftop has great view. We live 15min away from the area but we thought it's fun to do the "staycation". Actually, our original experience at the hotel was not the best but I was truly amazed how the management took care of the problem right away, and sincerely care about customer satisfaction. The hotel is VERY serious about staff education to make their customers happy. Things could go wrong sometimes but it's more important how you take care of it. I really respect and appreciate the management of the hotel. If we decide to do staycation again, we will definitely come back!
bubble_50	Words cannot describe my stay in this hotel... from arrival to departure, the staff was perfect! All my questions, requests, ask for help etc. were fully and kindly attended by them - Zachary, Jeanell, Marlin, Leo and Liz (and others) were the ones that made my days special in the city! Thanks also to Maggie Houston, for the warm and friendly reply to my email. Definetely will return, and highly recommended.
bubble_50	A great location in NYC for a girlie weekend soaking in the sights of the city.  My friend and I opted for a room with 2 bunk beds, which was small but it had everything we needed - our intention wasn't to spend much time in it!    Clean bathrooms, comfy beds, a small fridge (for pre-beers while we get ready of course) and good service.   The hotel has a great rooftop bar with a fab view of the city.  Some additional info: - room is small so to fit both our suitcases we moved the desk chair next to the closet and this worked a treat - each bunk bed has TV, which was kinda weird, but it was also set up so that we both had our own wee space and was private - the hotel is very close to a local fresh food supermarket which was super handy - good breakfast options - walking distance
bubble_50	Staff Had a great stay. The staff are excellent! Liz, Cordell, Sadia and all the others I missed. You guys are great! Young, enthusiastic, diverse backgrounds etc!  Keep up the great work!  Hotel Rooms are a bit small. Restaurant is great together with the deli in front (a clever idea)!   Amenities Disappointed that the runner didn't show up. I think stick to the gym vouchers it works and is more reliable.
bubble_50	After 15+ hotels experience in NYC. I have finally found my best!  Arlo is the definition of 'micro trend' where in today's world, people don't spend much time in their room. Therefore, the room is relatively smaller but the decor is absolutely modern, space is very well designed and you sense the influence of European style.   It's all about how we work and relax these days, so here is the break down of what you need to know and why you instantly fall in love with it.  Work:  Wifi - Connection is wonderful. I encountered no problems whatsoever. And you don't have to pay for that (hmmm Sheraton...)  Co-working Space - Floor two is a lounge style with work desks and outlet on one side. Best for working alone or small meetings. So don't stay in your room, get your business done on
bubble_50	I am so happy with my five night stay in this hotel.  Clean rooms with large bathroom. Great bedding and toiletries. Air conditioner is great. Housekeeping was superb. Front desk staff are so friendly and helpful. Very accommodating to our circumstances. Rooftop is amazing. View of Empire State Building. Would stay here again for sure. Recommended!!!
bubble_50	I was here the weekend of July 8th. This hotel is in a convenient location, very modern and chic when you walk inside. ( like a west elm catalog) We went up to our room on the 29th floor, we had a skyline view. WE waited for the elevator about 5-6 min we made it quickly up to the 29th floor. We walked  in there was a bottle of champagne, chocolates, water and cookies. A really nice note left for us!!  I loved the simplicity of the room, it was quiet and we had gorgeous view of the Empire state building. We loved staring outside, we went out to dinner as the staff was ready to help us find a great place to have our dinner. Later on we went up to the HEIGHTS top floor, it was so much fun the atmosphere and the view was great. Back in the room, the sheets, blankets were amazing as
bubble_30	The room was very very tiny. Great views but a bit too small and too kitchy for me. Elevator took forever.  Restaurants and lounge was dark. Decor was bit too rustic for my taste.  But great service, friendly staff!
bubble_50	The hotel was amazing and very affordable. Living in NY and constantly looking at hotel prices, I can tell you this was a great price for what I got. I was informed it is less than a year old and everything is updated and very sleek and modern looking. The staff was very friendly. I had written in my reservation I was celebrating my anniversary and as I checked in I was wished a Happy Anniversary. Upon arriving to my room (sky room view, 25th floor), I was simply amazed by the view. Our room was in the corner and we were able to look over Midtown NY. The room was decent sized, not big but not too congested at all. The bathroom was also very interesting and sleek, just as the rest of the room was. The shower had a rainfall head and the toilet had two different flushes. If you
bubble_50	I was delighted and surprised to find that I was given a room with my own patio, in the middle of nyc (!) Would have wanted to stay much longer! Regardless, the roof top bar offered the most amazing view, nice ambience and professional and friendly staff. Also, for breakfast the avocado toast was very nice. So Arlo, we will meet again! <3
bubble_50	Super service from the recevation. Hugh views from rooftop terace. Rooms are small but very moderni. Location is very good. Quite expencive still comparing the size of the room but the over All experience was fabulos
bubble_50	Yes, the rooms are tiny, but it's floor to ceiling glass so you feel like you are flying above the city. If you want space, the second floor has great lounge areas. And the overall design is super cool. Don't miss the rooftop bar-an awesome space where we had friends come meet us. This place is perfect for travelers who appreciate good design but don't use the amenities of a big fancy hotel or need a big room to hang out in.
bubble_50	This hotel is absolutely amazing!  It was perfect for my weekend get away.  The room was small but gorgeous and supplied everything I needed as I intended only to sleep, however, the food is amazing, and the view from the rooftop is beautiful.. All in all, this was definitely one place I will stay again and again.
bubble_40	This hotel was a pleasure to stay in from start to finish. Great location, lovely staff and delightful little quirks dotted around, from recommendations written by other guests pinned on the walls, to the 24 hour cafe which served slices of pizza in the middle of the night, this hotel knows what guests need.  Even if you don't want to spend too much money in the delicious Massoni restaurant, there are numerous other places to eat within seconds of walking!  The micro room was a bit difficult to manoeuvre with two large suitcases and hand luggage, meaning we had to keep our bags packed and tucked wherever they would fit, and you'd want to be very close to anyone you're sharing a room with as the bathroom is only separated by a sliding frosted glass door which, at certain angles
bubble_50	Where do I start with all the excellent things I need to say about this hotel Arlo Nomad!!! Excellent polite professional people, the Empire State Building view from a City Queen room, the card and treats/our 10 year anniversary, the unique clean hotel,  a bar on the second floor, a study/work area, beautiful UNIQUE decorations and artwork, the 32 floors and elevators/3 of them with a tic-tac-toe game on the wall to play during your short wait (come on its 32 floors high) , the bar at the top of the hotel (price $$), with a view of the empire state building and a portion of a glass floor where you can stand and look down at the street below, the beautiful restaurant on site, Massoni (price $$$), the Bread and Butterplace (Price $$) right around the corner and so much more
bubble_40	The room was compact but the view of the Empire State Building from our room on the 24th floor was amazing! The staff was very friendly and helped with dinner suggestions too! My boyfriend and I loved our stay and are definitely looking forward to staying here again and making time for the roof top bar!!   Thank you Arlo Nomad!!
bubble_50	This place is a gem...a great location with well appointed comfortable rooms...what sets it apart is the attentive staff...a rarity in NYC...  The rooms are a bit small but overall the hotel is quite nice and still a bargain for the city.
bubble_50	Arlo NoMad is a delight of a hotel. Staff is incredibly warm and friendly, in an unforced genuine way. Rooms are small and designed well with detail and style over size being the sell. This means that guests spend more time in the hotels public spaces rather than their bedrooms than many other hotels I've stayed at in the past. Guests frequent the bar and restaurant, spend time on the stunning roof deck and do business and laptop work in the large and beautiful conference space. The hotel feels social and it's easy to talk with both staff and guests. There's a terrific friendly vibe that's warm and welcoming as a solo traveler. I would highly suggest Arlo for anyone that hospitality and values social setting!
bubble_50	Clean, modern and excellent location for exploring the city. Friendly and helpful staff. Highly recommend booking. Subway less than 3 min walk. Buffet breakfast is delicious. The heights bar is cool, with fab views over the city.
bubble_40	It all started with Arlo's amazing staff. Mr. Cordell Nelson helped book my room. A nice room facing the empire state building. My girlfriend and I absolutely loved the view! The rest of the staff was just as great as Cordell helping tell us about restaurants that were very close all in walking distance. I looked forward to staying here again next time I am in New York City!
bubble_50	Room is very compact with room/bathroom integrated in the same space.  There is a glass running door that works more as a space separator than an actual door between room and bathroom. It is a brand new hotel with nice and fresh looking furniture, close to the subway and main attractions, nice 24 hr food place at the reception. Elevators may take some time to get you up to your room or back down (only 2 elevators) and there is a bar on the top floor, so several times elevators were full of non guests. Overall, I liked it and would return. I recommend!
bubble_40	This hotel is modern and in a very convenient location! The rooms are adorable and they have made great use of every square inch so there was plenty of storage space. I loved spending time on the rooftop in the morning. Everyone working there was so friendly and helpful. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because of the elevator situation. They move very slow and one night I scanned my key card to go up to my room and the computer said no elevators were available at that time. It's frustrating to wait 10-15 minutes anytime you want to leave or go back to the room. It's a new hotel though so I imagine this will be resolved soon.
bubble_30	Arlo opened two hotels in New York over the past six months.  They're the new breed of very small rooms with decent beds and showers - and not much else in the guestrooms.  If you're also keen on keeping daylight out of the room whilst you sleep, forget it.   There's a small restaurant, two bars (one with great views from the 31st floor rooftop) and a small lobby deli.  No complaints overall, but this is an expensive option for very little on offer.
bubble_30	This is a skinny slice of a building just off 5th Ave at E 31st street - not the most elegant part of town, but convenient to many sites/activities. I have a client in the Murray Hill area and was able to walk 20 minutes to the office. That was nice. Otherwise though this is not a place for a business traveler. There are two very slow elevators that came to the 20th floor - I and a bunch of other guests waited about 15 minutes at 9:30 am for an elevator car we could squeeze into with the five people already squashed in there with luggage etc. The wifi didn't work. The room was rather charming, but don't stay there if you have a fear of heights. And there was no coffee maker in the room! The thought of waiting 15 minutes to go to the "bodega" to get coffee, and then waiting
bubble_50	We couldn't have made a better decission than to stay at Arlo Nomad for our week-long visit to New York City. It all started before we arrived at the hotel when I, together with the amazingly friendly and helpful Guest Service Manager Zachary Jones, planned my big engagement during our stay. He helped me plan the whole thing into every small detail! Loved it <3 FYI, it turned out well(!!)  When we checked in we got a warm and friedly welcome from the cozy front desk staff Elizabeth, your energy rocks girl(!!) You made us feel extremely welcome. We got a STUNNING room with great views of the Empire State Building on the 29th floor. Absolutely exquisite. Throughout the stay all staff were incredibly helpful with tips for restaurants and where to go. Some of the best restaurants we
bubble_40	I recently stayed two nights in this new 'tiny room' midtown hotel - and I'd stay here again.  $150/night for a modern Manhattan hotel is a really good deal; why pay an extra $100 or $200 per night for three extra feet of floor space around your bed when you really just need a big comfortable bed, and a clean sink, toilet, and shower.  When you're staying in Manhattan, there's no reason to hang out in your hotel room except to sleep, shower, and get dressed.  Too much to see and do outside.  If you do want to hang out in the hotel, there are a couple of comfy, modern lounge areas on the first and second floors and a rooftop terrace with amazing views (but be careful of the glass floor area if you're afraid of heights!)  I wish the hotel was a little closer to a subway station -
bubble_50	This staff at the hotel was very attentive and welcoming. The 24hr bodega was convenient. This hotel is within walking distance to nearby places such as Penn station and Madison Square Garden. The rooms are modern and very clean. The bunk bed room was perfect! The heights rooftop bar had breathtaking views of the city & the see-through glass bottom floor area was entertaining. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	I loved this hotel. My sister and I stayed for 4 nights and it was wonderful. Check in went smoothly. We stayed in a bunk room on the 10th floor. It had a view of the Empire State Building which was fabulous. The room was great. Nice shower, the beds were super comfy and it came with a wardrobe to hang clothes. There was even an umbrella in there if we needed it. The hotel was conveniently located with access to a couple subways just walking distance away. We had the pizza at the little bistro in the lobby with was delicious. Definitely would stay here again!!
bubble_50	Such a new hip and vibrant hotel! We had a great stay at Arlo - and although indeed the room was small and there were glitches here and there, everything was dealt with such professionalism and putting us the customers first! The staff was always attentive and went over their way to please us and right all possible issues that appeared. The food was exquisite, the sky bar a true gem - and the coffee, OMG the coffee, I could marry it (if not married already :-D). By far the best coffee ever! Thank you Arlo and your great team!
bubble_50	Spent 5 nights here and loved every minute. Hotel interior is trendy and contemporary and the service was excellent. All the staff were very helpful and friendly-we spent our first hour in NYC chatting with the bar staff over a couple of complimentary cocktails (which were gorgeous).   Room was great-micro sized but doesn't feel small. Clever use of space and lovely products in the bathroom. Could do with more space for clothes-the large cupboard above the wardrobe is a bit redundant as it's too deep and high up to store clothes-a shelf with two clothes boxes would be a better use of space.   View was fantastic-we were upgraded to a room on the 22nd floor. Loved waking up to the view. Bed was incredibly comfortable. A small complimentary bottle of prosecco was left in the room
bubble_50	Love ARLO : its location, its services and amenities, but most especially... its people - kind and cool. And if that weren't enough, have you been at The Heights? Precious rooftop for post-work drinks or late night caps.
bubble_50	My partner and I stayed at Arlo NoMad for the first time recently, are looking forward to coming back soon, and would wholeheartedly recommend staying there to everyone.  We were impressed by the service during our stay; every staff member that we interacted with was friendly and helpful, remembered our names and even our nightly pizza orders (the pizza at the lobby bar is delicious, be sure to check it out).  We left feeling impressed by our stay at Arlo NoMad and wishing that we could stay longer, but what happened after is what truly sets the service at this hotel apart.   My partner left a ring that was dear to her at the bar, after we spent a very enjoyable couple of hours there listening to terrific jazz. We called Arlo NoMad after returning home, hoping that they could
bubble_40	Lovely little hotel with some of the most lovely staff I have ever come across. The  customer service really is exceptional.   So why not five stars .. Well, as previous guests have mentioned, the lift situation is crazy. It feels like you spend forever waiting for lifts, and frequently have to actually queue. It's particularly bad when the rooftop bar is busy.  As a hotel guest, I begrudge  having to queue to get to my room with people simply trying to access the bar.   Secondly, for a newly renovated building, the air con in the rooms is really noisy.   That said,  I would happily return. The rooms are really well thought out. Yes, they are small, but this is clearly stated. I had a standard room, which was great for me. May have been a little tight for two.   The location is
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed in a King Sky room on the 19th floor. The rooms are small but they make efficient use of the space and there is plenty of storage space under the bed for your suitcases. The bathroom was a full sized and plenty of room. Only thing I didn't care for was the shower only has glass on half and you have to use a curtain for the rest which doesn't come all the way down so your floor definitely gets wet, even when using the bath mat. Not a huge deal though. The bed was large and very comfortable. The pillows were a little too soft but it wasn't anything horrible. The closet was a little small but we made it work. Loved the automatic blackout shades for when we wanted to sleep in a little bit some mornings. My only issue with our particular room (1901) is while
bubble_40	This hotel, which has an even smarter sister on the lower west side, is bright and breezy and has very well-appointed room amenities without fuss. The only downside is the lifts. They are inadequate for the hotel itself, let alone for the daily visitors who queue to go to the high (but ordinary) rooftop bar on the 31st floor. A service lift would enhance the nice experience of staying here. If you take the 'breakfast included' rate, note that if you exceed $15 on the breakfast menu you pay the extra. This wasn't initially explained to us. In fact booking the room in the first place wasn't the best experience we've had with NY hotels.
bubble_40	Love the VIBE at this property. The staff was incredibly friendly. Food at restaurant good. The roof top bar attracts a fun and large crowd with nice weather. This slows elevator service to guest rooms...really slow. I stayed in room 2605 and had a spectacular view of the Empire State Building. The room was efficiently designed to use every single inch of space. The room was clean, modern and well appointed, however the space is a bit tight for 2 adults.
bubble_50	Spent 7 nights at this super cool hotel right at the heart of NYC. I had the corner queen sky room on the 29th floor, and the views were amazing! all the way from the Empire state building to the Hudson river. It felt like sleeping in the middle of the sky... Room was small but had everything. A closet for my suitcase and clothes, a safe under the bed, a working table with chairs, small fridge and wonderful shower and toilet room. Everything was clean and bed was very comfortable. Pillows were a bit too soft for me and had no balance for the head, but most of people will probably find this comfortable. Staff were very helpful and gave answers to all my requests including a late check out on my last day. The rooftop bar is also super cool, with amazing views and atmosphere.
bubble_40	You can not ask for a better location for a hotel.  In the shadow of the Empire State Building and within walking distance of Grand Central, 30 Rock and Macy's.  Very secure building and friendly staff.  Rooftop bar has great views of the city.  Rooms are small but well organized.  At the most for two people.  Definitely pay extra for the Sky View rooms.
bubble_10	Elevators totally suck: lengthy waits. The issue seems to be the rooftop bar which uses the same elevators as the rooms and generates long lines trying to get on. I ended up walking down from the 12th floor and found the fire stairs almost totally blocked with Lauder carts and storage at floor 2.  This could be a real problem during an emergency.
bubble_40	These are beautifully designed micro rooms perfect for solo travelling with everything you need for a comfortable stay - comfy bed, powerful shower, quality hairdryer, nice smelling toiletries. Loved it. My only quibble is really noisy air Con and doors could sound proof m
bubble_50	Next to Empire Stare building a great place to take in the New York ambiance. Rooftop drinks are a must. The lounge offers you the space to work or to pretend you do.The room has a monacal flair but is astutely equipped. I didn't use the hotel restaurant.  There is an organic  supermarket and caterer next door.
bubble_50	We recently stayed in the Arlo Nomad for our honeymoon. The hotel is in an exceptional location, we couldn't believe our luck. Very reasonably priced for this up market little gem. Decor was fantastic, staff were very helpful. I read lots of reviews complaining about the room size, yes they are neat, but location completely out weighs the size of a room. We didn't have enough time to explore the hotel to its full potential and weather wasn't on our side for the roof top bar but this didn't dampen our time. I would highly recommend this hotel 10/10
bubble_50	We staying in the Queen Sky View room and it was great.  Rooms are extremely small but well planned so you don't notice the size. Hubby and I felt like we had more room in this room than our other hotel that had almost double the space. Studio was a plush space and had lots of outlets to charge devices while working.  Elevators are extremely slow but that's the only complaint.  LOVED the Blind Barber bath products.
bubble_40	New hotel. Great location. Hip bar. Great rooftop one. Take a sky view room and enjoy the NYC from your bed. Rooms are small but with all you need. The only negative point is the breakfast. Sometimes you need to wait a while and you do not get great choices.  Very good bar is just round the corner that makes up for this. Bread and butter.
bubble_50	We thought that our room would be very tiny but it is actually spacious and we have a view of interesting buildings close by. Check-in was quick and we were able to go to our room before 3:00 PM. Great shower and TV set as well as excellent AC system. We love the location of this hotel. I definitely recommend it.
bubble_50	I took my son from San Francisco for a high school graduation gift. Our budget was very tight and I wanted a nice place. I was hesitant because of the size. The rooms are small but well thought out. Every thing in the room has a purpose from the hooks that pull out of the closet/shelf/refrigerator module to the builtin bedside seat. Beds and linens are very comfortable. The location is fantastic. You go to NYC, you probably aren't in your room much but we wouldn't have minded being in this small room. The staff here is very gracious and accommodating. A visit to the on site restaurant was exceptional, food, service, the best caesar salad I've ever had. We were on the 8th floor so no city view, but I find it fascinating to look out a window and see the backs of buildings that are
bubble_50	Now that I have found the Arlo Soho I stay here every time I come to NYC. It's walking distance from Penn Station and conveniently centrally located. The rooms are great, book a Sky Room if you don't suffer vertigo. Rooftop bar and restaurants are fantastic. Plus, it's great value.
bubble_50	From the moment we stepped out of the heatwave into the fresh smelling, air conditioned reception to the moment we left, this hotel was perfect! We travelled to New York to celebrate our anniversary & booked a sky room. We requested a room on a higher floor with views overlooking the Empire State Building....they did not disappoint!! We were on the 25th floor & the views from the floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides were AMAZING!! When we checked in there was also a card & bottle of wine waiting, wishing us a happy anniversary....nice touch Arlo NoMad. The room was small, but not as small as other reviews led me to believe. Its well designed & has plenty of storage for a long weekend. The bathroom was great, nice shower & great products. The sink is opposite, in the bedroom,
bubble_40	This is a boutique hotel very close to Korea town and all the great restaurants! Tiny room but so intelligently laid out and a super comfy bed and pillows. Staff were very nice, felt like a posh Hostel with a young happy vibe. Rooftop is beautiful, great views during the day and I'm sure amazing at night with the Empire State Building so close.
bubble_40	I loved this hotel, it is stylishly decorated with lots of amusing touches ( check out the video at the lift). The location is perfect, 3 minutes walk from Empire State Building. The staff are friendly and the restaurant and bars eclectic and fun. Only negative which is not hotels fault is there is a lot of very noisy construction near to the hotel.   Yes the rooms are small but in my experience that  is the way of New York hotels.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed
bubble_50	This place was a joy.   I love this newer modern take on hotels. So it's modern and ever so slightly edgy.  There is a roof top cocktail bar with great reviews over the city.  In the mornings they have yoga on the rooftop amongst a whole host of other activities.   On the second floor is another bar/lounge with a very happy, buzzy atmosphere. Breakfast room is nice and a good solid range of breakfast goodies.  Also, Grab and go coffee/croissants in reception, which was a real bonus. Rooms whilst a little small, perfectly enough room, modern decor, and absolutely all the necessities (no tea coffee making but for me this is not a necessity).  Coooommmfy bed !!  My room had double aspect windows floor to ceiling so stunning views again over the city. Whilst I was travelling with a
bubble_50	Everyone is smiling at this hotel, both gusts and stuff. New hotel with great and fresh concept of micro-hotel with tiny rooms that are set with all you would ever need. A work area open to all, 24 hours sneak bar / restaurant at the lobby and a stunning rooftop with city view and glass floor hanging over 31 floors to the street below. It would be nice if the Aircondition in the room would be quieter. The one issue are the elevators that despite being big and fast moving - force you to wait unreasonable time for them. If you happened to remember you've left something in the room as you're about to leave the hotel - it will take you 12 minutes of round tip - up to the room and back out to the street due to the wait for the elevators.  It would be great if the hotel could let you
bubble_40	The Arlo NoMad is a very nice, modern, hip hotel.    The rooms are quite small- at least ours was- but attractive and with a floor to ceiling window didn't feel as claustrophobic as it otherwise probably would.
bubble_50	This hotel is brilliant! We were lucky enough to have had a room which looked out at the Empire State Building. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The room was beautiful, clean, comfortable  and modern. Yes it was slightly on the small side but it didn't matter to us. The roof top bar is amazing, it has a real buzz of an atmosphere, and even better views and great cocktails. It is a short walk away from the Empire State Building, 15 minutes from Times Square, 25 minutes from Central Park. I didn't notice too many bars in the area but it's a 5 minute walk to another roof top bar which is very popular - 230 5th Ave I think it's called. You will not be disappointed if you stay here.
bubble_50	Nothing but good to say about this hotel. Love the style/vibe, best shower I have ever been in, loved the design in the room, and overall architecture of the property. The room was pretty small, but its NY and you dont need the "extra" space anyways. The staff was amazing! Carlos was the best, he actually made our stay! When he found out it was my girlfriends birthday he quickly ran upstairs while "our room was being cleaned" and set up a full surprise for her!! He wrote out a birthday card with her name on it, wine, cookies, chips, and used about 30 small chocolates to spell out "I love you" on the bed. He called in to our room periodically to make sure we had everything we needed and just made us very comfortable the entire time. The rooftop bar was beautiful, and so was the
bubble_50	Modern Hotel right in the middle of Manhattan. 3 Bar one of them on the rooftop on 31st floor. Awesome atmosphere up there. Small but well structured room. Perfect for 1 to 3 nights.  Reasonable pricing for a hotel intros spot.
bubble_50	Where do I begin.  My girlfriend and I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for a night over Memorial Day weekend and our stay went perfectly.  From the moment that I booked with Arlo I felt at home and well taken care of.  Soon after booking I reached out to inquire about room amenities; in particular I was looking to have Rose pedals and chocolate covered strawberries in the room upon our arrival.  This is when I met Elizabeth Santana.  I truly couldn't thank her enough for the job that she did.  Elizabeth was a pleasure to speak to over the phone or via email any time I reached out to her and from that point on I knew we were in good hands.  Not only did Elizabeth personally decorate our room, but she was able to get us a marvelous view of the Empire State Building, she got our room set
bubble_50	The hotel was modern, great location, and very friendly staff. The room was on the small side, but very comfortable. The rooftop was amazing, particularly the glass floor portion allowing you to look down below - scary but awesome. I also LOVED that the hotel provided a small steamer vs an iron/ironing board in the room. Smart and much appreciated!!
bubble_50	The Arlo NoMad is a modern, stylish hotel with a great attitude! Friendly staff, great location and the views from the roof top bar at sunset are amazing. They offer free bikes to use which is a wonderful way to get around town. Some reviews say the rooms are small, but I disagree. It is New York and the rooms are well designed and comfortable.
bubble_50	The Arlo Nomad is a nice relaxing hotel with a good vibe. Very nice decor and lighting and gorgeous fragrance in the downstairs area. Staff were all very friendly and helpful, we loved all the bar areas, particularly the roof top bar with amazing views over the city, Empire State Building close by.  Massoni restaurant also very good, we had heard portions were tiny - they aren't at all.  Nice coffee in Bodega take away in reception.  You can also get breakfast here and take it up to the roof top, perfect way to start the day. Hint, avoid the fresh orange at 10 dollars a bottle! Other items are reasonably priced by comparison. Now the rooms, they are VERY small. If you can, book a high floor with floor to ceiling glass on 2 sides of the room, Sky King would give you this and
bubble_50	I have to write about Elizabeth Santana. I'm a Travel Agent and booked my other half's best friend's honeymoon. Naturally the stress was on to make sure all worked out to plan. From the moment I e-mailed the hotel I was looked after by her. Promptly replying to all of my many requests. The room was amazing. She even managed to get them a peek of the Empire State Building which sh was over the moon about. Thanks a million Elizabeth, exceptional service & a happy client! :)
bubble_50	I found the Arlo NoMad through TripAdvisor and ended up booking a room through Travelocity as it was slightly cheaper. Because this weekend was a big deal to me, I contacted the Arlo NoMad directly to make sure my reservation had gone through correctly. It took a couple of tries to confirm but Evelyn was so patient and kind with me on the phone through repeated phone calls and I was SO thankful for her help! She made every effort to set up our stay to be a fabulous 16th birthday weekend for my daughter, and she was successful! My daughter was even greeted with "Happy birthday!" by the people who checked us in on our arrival.  Our room was, as advertised, small - but with an amazing view of the Empire State Building with the floor to ceiling window and the room was so cute. The
bubble_50	My Mum and I stayed at the Arlo in May. From the minute we walked through the door we were made to feel really welcome. Liz greeted us and I told her we'd booked because of the excellent reviews and she gave us a free upgrade from 10th to 22nd floor. The room was great, it was tiny but the suitcases went under the bed and we had enough room for two, after all you're out exploring most of the time. The bathroom was quite large and they provided complimentary shower gel and shampoo, towels were changed daily. The bed was so comfortable and my Mum who complains that she can't sleep was snoring like a 'good un'.  We had breakfast and dinner some nights in the restaurant and it was always real lovely. The location of the hotel is perfect for seeing the sights. The roof terrace was
bubble_10	Sadly this hotel was awful. The rooms really are so so so tiny - hence it being called a micro hotel. There is a really bad scent everywhere which made me feel nauseous and headachy. The lifts are very very slow to come. On a positive - the only positive - the staff working there are nice.
bubble_10	I cant understand the high ratings on the Arlo. At $295, my room was a cubicle that could fit at mosttightly- one person with a carry on. The floor to ceiling windows were cool, but on the 16th floor, I could only see the back wall of a couple of ugly buildings. No bed side tables, but I improvised one with the little bathroom vanity bench. I hopped into the shower after a 5 minute wait for the water to warm up, just to realize the tiny bathroom was getting all wet. The half-way glass shower door did not keep the water inside. Obviously too late, I then realized I could have MANUALLY extended and attached a shower curtain to close the gap But the greatest problem were the three elevators. Many people packed into a narrow hallway waiting for several minutes. Unbearable. And
bubble_50	very clean and modern rooms some have stunning views with huge glass windows nice atmosphere...trendy the location is an easy one in Manhattan not far away from walking distance to many interesting spots
bubble_50	The hotel at first sight was very appealing. The smell while entering was pleasant. My wife and I kept discussing and wondering what kind of air freshener was used because every time we entered the hotel during our stay, there was that nice, refreshing, pleasant smell. The lobby chairs and couches were comfortable. The dcor looked very stylish and swanky. It made the experience great and exciting.  When checking in Zack helped my wife and I and he was perfectly professional. We arrived very early, way before check in time, but he assured us he would help us get into our room early in which we did at a later hour. He even upgraded our Sky Room from one with a queen bed to one with a king. We were also able to leave our bags while we ventured out into the city. When we returned
bubble_40	We have stayed at the Arlo Nomad for 6 nights during our stay in New York and we have enjoyed it. We got a room on 28th floor with great views of Manhattan. Admittedly the rooms were ama but this was advertised and we're knew about it already. The rooms were clean though and had good toiletries, and offered all facilities including a steamer which was handy. Overall the hotel staff were friendly and offered recommendations for places to visit. The dcor of the hotel was funky and it has 3 bars, the best one was the rooftop which had great views of Manhattan and Empire State. Definitely recommend a visit. Downstairs they also have a coffee bar and sell croissants, pizza etc. The hotel also offers complimentary bikes for those willing to explore NYC this way but the city roads are
bubble_50	The hotel is very conviniently  located. Aside from the crowds but very close to the central places. Wi-fi is free, fast and works everywhere in the hotel, which is important for the business traveler. I'd like to say special thanks to Zack from the Frontdesk, who was very friendly and helpful. Thanks again Zack!
bubble_50	For a friendly, attentive,  and comfortable stay I cannot recommend the The Arlo NoMad strongly enough. I was fortunate to spend a week in this cool and funky hotel. From the General Manager Mike to Jeff behind the bar on the Rooftop Bar and Alissa servicing the bar on the 2nd floor and not to forget the welcoming staff at Reception, and the back-of-house crew, I was sad to leave as it really did feel like home. And did I mention the location? Right around the corner from the Empire State Building, Broadway and Times Square. Truly a marvellous experience.  Two Elephant stamps and five Gold Stars! Thankyou  Matt Collopy Melbourne  Australia.
bubble_50	My best friend and I stayed in a bunk room on floor 10 for 2 weeks - room was indeed small but we loved our stay and managed to find ways to make the space work for us (for reference, we had two XL large suitcases and two carry on suitcases). We didn't have the best view, facing perhaps another hotel (?) but we were hardly in the room to mind much. As others have noted, the aircon was loud however with earplugs, this was not an issue. On our first night, we did find that our room was not visited by housekeeping, however this did not occur again and we found that those working in the hotel (maintenance, housekeeping, front desk) were friendly and happy to help. The location of the hotel is top notch - it was close to everything we needed and a great base for our stay. There are
bubble_50	The rooms were fairly small at first, but after spending 1 hour at the hotel, I realized the genius behind their layout.  The common areas were totally inviting and roomy enough to tide my stay over for waves.  Can't wait to come back.  To top it all off, Jeanell was the absolute best, and FYI Samson rocks the night!!
bubble_40	This is a very boutique hotel.  Why I said that - the room is super small and how small.  When i do the unpacking and it was very hard to find a place to do so.  My luggage is a normal size. Beside of that. everything is fine.  When you do the check out better do it a bit earlier like 11:30 as the front desk area is not big enough for checking in and out at the same time.  Overall, the hotel is chic and nice to stay.
bubble_50	From the time you arrive you are made feel welcome by a friendly team in this clean modern hotel. It's true that the rooms are small but they are extremely practical, well thought out you have everything you need - the view makes up for everything !! Great rooftop terrasse, the location of the hotel is great, they have bikes out front , don't miss this place
bubble_40	Great experience in this hotel ! The emplacement is perfect to visit NYC. The room was very small but clean. The best interest of this hotel is the amazing view ! Ask for a ciel room absolutly ! The restaurant is very great too but noisy.
bubble_50	This is my new favorite property! The rooftop views are breathtaking. My room was a good size bright and happy and a great view of the city. The bar and restaurant had a great crowd, good drinks and the cheese plate was incredible. The staff was great everyone had a smile and was happy to help. Looking forward to going back. If you have not been to this property yet you are missing out.
bubble_50	Everything you need in a NYC hotel - clean and bright rooms, good food options, friendly staff, ideal location. The rooftop bar has the most amazing view of the Empire State Building. Walk out on the glass bottom overhang if you dare! Definitely check it out The Heights on the 31st floor!
bubble_50	My first time in NYC, booked online.  Since I had limited time to shop, I made a couple of online purchases, most were delivered ahead of my check in date and they gladly kept them for me.  When I arrived for checkin, they were already brought to my room. The front desk people are very hospitable, friendly and helpful to tourists.  Two thumbs up to them!!  Their lobby has an artsy feel, as well as their main dining area, Massoni. The room is small, modern style, but functional with good lighting. As you look thru the window you see all the bricks and buildings of nyc.   the location is at W31st st, so near the EmpireState Bldg. We managed to walk to most attractions...the Times Square, Rockefeller Center, High Line, Central Station, NY Public Library....  Would love to visit
bubble_50	We had a very pleasent stay and a very good service. The rooms are very small but new and super clean. We had a sky view room and the view was very nice. The beds are comfortable and very cosy. The only little thing what was not perfect was the aircondition that was quite loud. But we will for sure come back for our next stay in NY!
bubble_50	I liked the Arlo Nomad. It was centrally located to everything. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. My room was tiny but perfect for just me! My only criticism was breakfast my second morning. They were understaffed and couldn't keep orders straight. My order took forever (3 tables that came in after me got their food before me) then they messed up the order of guy next to me (4th table after me) then I finally received my order (scrambled eggs & bacon on toast). He got his free because it was late...... what?!?!?
bubble_50	Can't fault the hotel too much, I stayed twice in March this year and both times was looked over exceptionally well by the Concierge teams. Bad things - no room service, slow lifts - but who cares! Bodega was hit and miss dependent on person serving. Good things - staff, location, bar and restaurant,   Amenities, fittings in the room.  Overall an incredibly positive experience and I would be back in a heartbeat!
bubble_40	The good: gorgeous views of the city, friendly staff, great location, neat and tidy rooms, ample bathroom space   The bad: the room got really hot even with the air conditioning on and the blinds kept closed during the day, the elevators could get completely blocked at certain times of the day and it could take ages to get up or down  Overall I enjoyed my stay. The rooms are obviously small but this was fine as a solo traveller. The bathroom was bigger than some others I have had in lather hotel rooms. The staff were friendly, but a little aloof.
bubble_40	Very nice location and overall a cool modern hotel with helpful staff.  I stayed for 4 nights in April in the Queen Room City on 21st floor.  It was supposed to have a city view - it had none.  So if you want a room with a view forget paying extra for the "City" room, get the more expensive one above 24th floor.  The room was really small but functional and clean.  I was alone, hence having a small room was OK, but if you are 2 people in the room it will be very problematic to move around.  Very limited space for luggage or anything else, except bed, sink and shower.  Personally I liked the place because of its location and its "cool" effect, even though my room was soooo small.  I will probably stay again when I travel to NYC.
bubble_50	Excellent out of the way hotel in Mid Town.  Perhaps the coolest hotel in the area.  The staff is great , friendly and more hometown than "NY"...that's a good thing.  Great environment for business meetings.  Bar and food - wonderful.  Crowd is not touristy in my opinion.
bubble_50	During my NYC stay this past weekend, I decided I needed a change of view and checked-into the new Arlo Nomad, versus my go-to hotel in the City.  I was looking forward to the crispier linens of the newly opened Arlo hotel, so off I trekked, in the rain, from Penn Station to 31st, near Madison.  For me, a hotel near Penn is preferable since I almost always stay a few days with family on Long Island.  Not having to pay $300 + a night is equally as nice. I was greeted by a friendly reception clerk who was from Frisco, where I currently reside, and I felt at home right away.  My upgraded micro room had floor to ceiling windows on two walls, and staring into Gotham City ahead was exactly what the doctor ordered.  When my grandkids came to visit, we visited BARio lounge on the
bubble_50	Overall a very pleasant stay.  The hotel is decorated beautifully, in a mid-century style, somewhat masculine but modern and rich.  I do remember reading a review that stated there was a strong perfume smell, I do remember experiencing that myself.   Room was small but I was staying solo so it was adequate for me however it was kind of tricky to find the right spot for my checked luggage bag, I think I placed it in the seat next to my bed but I could see how this would be tricking with two people.  I remember the shower temperature being somewhat inconsistent, cold and then all of a sudden very hot and due to the rainfall style shower fixture, water would drain out of the shower head for a while after you turned off the water, slightly annoying.  Overall I would definitely stay
bubble_30	Disappointing stay overall.  Despite the glowing reviews for great customer service, I found my experience to be the opposite.  I found a great rate on HotelTonight and called the hotel directly to match it, only for the reservations agent to state that they don't match rates like that.  When I checked into my room, I was given the worst possible room on a low floor and looking to an air shaft and straight into neighboring office buildings, not the glorious skyline views.  When I asked to switch, they stated it was not possible (and most likely because I booked through a third party website).  Upon checking out, the manager told me that they do in fact match rates from HotelTonight, and said I could have asked for an upgrade if booking directly.  Too little, too late.  To be
bubble_50	I was in town for business and picked the Arlo NoMad because of location. I was very pleasantly surprised by the hotel. As opposed to the loud environment at the Ace, Arlo was just as modern and featured multiple amenities, but did not feel overwhelming. Great rooms.
bubble_50	I strived to look for the best hotel in Manhattan and I decided to go for this one based on reviews. I was not disappointed. Incredible room (I had king skyroom), amazing staff and awesome location that was perfect for walking around and seeing the good stuff of New York.  This hotel is smaller than usual, so solo trips or couple trips would be the best for this. But the room standard and the integrity + helpfulness of the staff made it excellent and totally worth it. Would go here again for sure.  I cannot emphasize enough how amazing this place was.
bubble_50	I was so impressed with the service that my wife and I received from Elizabeth, and also the Manager, who I forgot his name.  We stayed at the Arlo for our anniversary and they helped us compare the different rooms and find the best one for us.  Great service like this will keep us coming back and referring our friends!
bubble_50	The best hotel we have stayed at. Located centrally but the street feels calm and safe. The hotel is right next to Empire State and has many great convenience stores around the corner. The staff is absolutely fantastic. Special thanks to Carlos who took good care of us! It is very fresh in the hotel and smells so good. Amazing products in the toilet with scent of lemon grass tea and always super nicely cleaned in the rooms. Incredibly nice roof terrace with good drinks and unbeatable views. We stayed at King Sky overlooking the city and a glimpse of Empire State. Amazing!
bubble_50	I stayed 10 glorious nights at the Arlo NoMad and hated having to leave! From the moment I walked in at 1am, I was taken care of completely. I stayed in a Queen Room - Sky View and couldn't not have been happier with the room. Being on the 23rd floor definitely added to the experience with unobstructed views of the city.  The description of the hotel clearly states that they are a micro hotel, but I did not feel closed in at all (keeping in mind I traveled alone). The smaller space is definitely optimized with everything you could need with under the bed storage for your luggage too. The hand held steamer instead of iron/ironing board is brilliant and very handy. Not to mention the FULL SIZE bottles of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash, which were amazing! The bed and sheets
bubble_40	Very small rooms, but very clean and well laid-out.  They have a rooftop bar which is very nice, as well as a very comfortable 2nd floor lounge.  Stay away from the breakfast/coffee place in the lobby though; not that the food or coffee is bad, which it isn't, but a short walk away is a place where you can get both for half the price.
bubble_30	Arrived at the hotel at 10am following a cruise and was asked if I wanted a city view room or one with a view of the Empire State building when the rooms were ready. I went for the Empire State, left the cases and went out for the day. On return we collected our key card and we're very disappointed to have been given a city view. The receptionist wasn't interested in my dilemma telling me they would never promise such a thing and that they may be able to change rooms at some point during our stay but couldn't promise. To their credit an email arrived a couple of hours later saying that they could move us a on the 3rd night and offering us a free breakfast but the damage was done. This is a good trendy hotel with loads going for it but personal interaction is at the heart of
bubble_40	Arlo Nomad is a very cool and trendy hotel with excellent location close to the subway and the Emire State Building. The rooms are rather small but cleand and very nicely decorated with huge windows. The staff is incredibly nice. There is a nice shared working space for the hotel guests in the second floor and huge roof terrace with a bar.
bubble_50	BEST HOTEL IVE EVER STAYED AT. The city is my favorite place and this hotel just makes it better.  YOU SHOULD DEF BOOK A NIGHT HERE. My friends and I had the best time ever. Everything about the hotel from the smell to the view is just outstanding.
bubble_20	I am on the road 100+ nights a year. The lobby was beautiful with an excellent choice of coffee(PAID) and NYC bagels. All delish!  The basis of my review is more for the room which is nothing more than a very small pod with a very comfortable bed but you really have to watch yourself getting out of bed not hit your head on the TV. I am certain after reading some of the other reviews, the other folks had much larger rooms but seeing that I bought this on Hotel Tonight I was hoping to get a deal, I feel like I got anything but a deal and a very small room On the plus side the shower was fabulous and the bed was actually very comfortable.   Give it a shot. I just think you can find better deals.
bubble_50	I booked the hotel for the Easter break- 7 days in total.  We felt welcomed from the first moment we step into the hotel. The staff were very friendly from the reception to the housekeeping, with a special mention to Elizabeth at the reception.  I highly recommend the hotel not only for the amazing location but for the quality of the services provided during my stay.
bubble_50	Loved our stay at Arlo Nomad. Everything from the sleek, modern and super-functional upscale accommodations, to the floor-to-ceiling views from our King/City room and the awesome rooftop bar, to the outstanding service was incredible.  The way space in the rooms is utilized, and thoughtful details like the the rain shower head, automatic shades and smart technology, make the experience feel even more luxurious. There's a great vibe all throughout the hotel, felt immediately as you walk through the chic lobby.  Can't wait to go back again!
bubble_50	The rooms are really tiny but very well organized and thought through, perfectly styled and very airy. I had a queen sky room and the view from the bed through those large windows was breathtaking. Hotel staff very helpful and they made you feel very much at home. The location is more than ideal to explore the city by foot or bike. Rooftop area is spectacular.
bubble_50	I booked the Arlo Nomad with roomsXXL and couldn't be happier! I've stayed in a few New York boutique hotels but often find them to be dark and poky. This hotel is super modern, trendy with plenty of light coming into the bedrooms. Since it has 31 floors, many of the rooms have incredible views of Midtown Manhattan. My room had a view of the Empire State Building.   I arrived at the hotel super early at 9am and check-in wasn't till 3pm. I didn't expect them to have a room ready at all, but the guy said: "I have good news and bad news - your room is almost ready, but you'll have to wait 5-10 minutes." I wouldn't call that bad news! He even gave me a Fiji water to drink while I waited. The service was excellent - the staff there really go out of their way to explain everything and
bubble_40	This is my second time staying in a "micro hotel" so I was at least more prepared on what to expect.  With that said I still don't know why micro hotel refuse to give the bathrooms More privacy (that is my only real complaint with micro hotels).   Room 1806  Pros: - the sky view room lives up to its name. - the bed was comfortable - the shower was amazing - staff were very polite  - the lobby/extra areas were decorated. I rly (we didn't really use these much) - the roof deck is nice and has amazing views (side note that it appears it may get quite busy at night so I am not sure how the seating situation is up there. It appeared a lot of non hotel guest go there)  Cons: - elevators. By far the biggest issue in this building is the elevators. The elevators themselves are fast but
bubble_50	This hotel is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at. My boyfriend and I just stayed here this past weekend and were really impressed. Everything about the hotel was nice. Central location, comfy beds, comfy pillows, extremely clean, good service, amazing shower pressure, and best of all, amazing views. The rooftop bar has a view of the city, which is to die for. I would definitely recommend this hotel to any couple and plan to stay here whenever we visit the city.   I would like to note that all the staff here are incredibly kind and helpful. I was really impressed by this, and I definitely think this shouldn't go unnoticed! They do such a wonderful job!
bubble_30	This hotel is probably better suited to single travelers.  Pros: convenient location, very clean Cons: Sliding door to bathroom offers minimal privacy, walls are thin - easy to hear the room next door, seemed like only one elevator was working the entire time we were there, towels seemed thin and worn ( which was odd for a new hotel)
bubble_50	I stayed here for a full week in a Queen Sky Room. In such a busy city I really wanted somewhere i could come back to and relax and this room was perfect. Every night I watched the sun set on the city, all the lights of nearby buildings come on and darkness set in. It was very peaceful and private and the housekeeping standards were extremely high. The finish on the rooms, particularly the bathroom, was also outstanding. I got what was in the photo exactly. The area surrounding the hotel is not as busy as other parts of NYC which was also calming. Just a couple of doors away from the hotel is a 24 hour buffet restaurant called Bread & Butter which together with this hotel became my anchor. If you need a sanctuary from crowds, I recommend this hotel as a wise investment.
bubble_50	I'm normally fussy on hotels, especially in places like NYC where you normally get what you pay for. But I read about the Arlo hotels, and thought they might be too good to be true for the price and the great location, but read Trip Advisor & thought I'd take the chance. I have not regretted it. Currently in my room, awaiting to check out and it's been a great stay. The staff are the friendliest I've encountered in NY. Great welcome upon arrival. Straight in my room despite it being 1.30pm when I arrived. I've stayed in other hotels in the US where they've reconditioned an older hotel, but NoMad have really done this well and despite the odd smell in the corridor on my floor (8) which I suspect might come from previous smoking floor? It is the only issue I have throughout my own
bubble_50	I know this may come as a surprise for some but our family of four had an amazing and comfortable stay at the Arlo Nomad. We used the valet service which made our lives so much easier after driving for nearly two hours.  It was quick and easy for check in adn check out. Zachary at the front desk was so pleasant and quickly checked us in.  He even gave us three passes for free pizza which was turned out to be our BEST MEAL in NYC! Seriously, try the pizza. We just went for the night with our 5 year old and 10 month old and we all slept comfortably on one bed. (Tight but we slept fine) Definitely for a long period of time the small room would be tough but we spent the entire time out and about so it was fine.  I can't say enough about how nice the lobby and room were.  The staff
bubble_50	We loved this hotel. Yes rooms are super small but you can lay on your ultra comfy bed and look over New York City. They are also well laid out and have everything you need.   Service and location was fantastic and the cafe downstairs was handy (though expensive) and the sandwiches and juices were delicious.   The rooftop bar when open will be amazing.
bubble_50	The hotel provides an amazing view, at least in the sky rooms, even if the room itself is tiny. Perfect italian restaurant near the lobby. The best in this hotel: great service. People are always helpful and ready to provide good advice. Thanks again guys ! (special thanks to Catherine and Zachary)
bubble_40	Lobby is small and trendy.  Very cohesive theme between the library, bar and restaurant.  We were quickly checked-in. Very warm and friendly reception. No complaints there. I really enjoyed reading through the guests comments next to the elevators!    We stayed at Queen Sky room on the 16th floor. The room is small but I expected this and was prepared for it. We have a gorgeous view of some golden building and old building wall that was somehow quaint because of the barely there business signages. The floor to ceiling adjacent windows give the view justice.   It's at it's prettiest at night. The room is quiet but the ac is not. It was still cool enough in April for us to forego with the ac.   It's a great location for 5th avenue shopping, Broadway and Times Square.  High Line is
bubble_50	Yes the rooms are on the small side but why would you visit NY and stay in your room?   Great location in midtown (and cool views if you get a higher floor room - corner rooms (ending 01) even better.   Amazingly comfortable beds - we tried to buy one of the pillows!  Great shower  Good bars with live music and a coffee shop in the lobby.   We would definitely return.
bubble_50	I think that's what really makes this hotel stand out. Elisabeth and Zack were very friendly and professional. While most people in this industry say no to customer requests, they always find a way to make your stay pleasant at Arlo.   Will be back.
bubble_50	I travel lots for work so I've visited my fair share of NYC hotels.  I've never been previously inspired to write a review but Liz and her mega-watt smile convinced me!   1.) Let's start with the staff.  They're great.  Every review confirms it.  Trust us. 2.) Now for the bed.  It's brand new and feels like heaven.  (I was 20 mins late for my meeting b/c I couldn't leave it...) 3.) And finally, the pizza.  It's so good.  I think I ate 3 pies over the course of 3 days.   (I don't even like brussels sprouts and somehow on a pizza they were incredible.) So to sum it up...  stay, eat pizza and thank me.
bubble_50	Came to NYC for an event. Typically try and stay in the area. Loved this new sleek hotel. Amazing staff, design and efficiently designed rooms.  Definitely will be staying here during my next visit.   Special thanks to Frank and Costa for their help and assistance.   Cheers.  Hunter.
bubble_50	The Arlo Nomad is located very centrally in a cool neighborhood.  Easy access to the subway and all kinds of food options. The rooms are immaculate (small but that's why the hotel is affordable by NYC standards). The staff were very helpful. As other reviewers have suggested, the elevators are inexplicably slow so there is occasionally a crowd waiting to get upstairs.  The breakfast at the cafe is great in concept, weak in implementation -- felt a little like staff was having a bad day.
bubble_40	The first impression was very positive: a cool lobby area with a 24h Bodega, some lounge chairs and the reception. I was warmly welcomed and the check in process was speedy and without any complications.  The rooms are TINY but the space is well thought through. Usually when first entering the room you have to handle a heavy door that automatically closes and pull your bag and suitcase through a narrow space. Here you have enough space to comfortably enter the room and unload.   The room is bright and friendly. They used light and good lighting. The linen is of good quality and the bed is comfortable.  The AC is incredibly loud. I had to turn it off at night, which wasn't a problem in mid April but it might be at the height of summer.   The elevators take forever, specially
bubble_30	Great location to stay as easy to get both up and downtown, round the corner from the Empire State Building. Rooms were really really small - despite booking a larger room and getting an upgrade. But we were expecting small as it was clear when we booked. By the time you have two suitcases on the floor opening various doors is like a puzzle game. However rooms were very clean and modern, shower was awesome and the floor the ceiling windows gave a brilliant New York feeling. The food in the bodego was delicious - I recommend the avocado grinder! Staff all helpful and friendly. Biggest downfall is the elevators!!! We had to factor in an extra 5-10 minutes before leaving to go out just to get downstairs. Often one of the two was out of service and with both the guests and the
bubble_50	This is an amazing little find. If you want cleanliness and friendliness then you couldn't ask for more. Every member of staff from the site team to the front desk are helpful, friendly and there to make your stay the best. Yes the rooms are small but why are you in NY if you are staying in your room? Everything is designed so well, neat and everything you need. The location is brilliant don't be put off by people saying it's not Central it is, everything is easy to get to. I would go back there every time. Thank you Arlo Nomad for being part of a memorable first visit to NY.
bubble_40	Wonderful location and very nice customer friendly personnel.  Read the information before booking...it says Micro Rooms, this is not your place if you are claustophobic, are not traveling with someone to whom you are very close or carry lots of luggage. The common areas are exquisitely designed and very welcoming. The rooftop was not open but we were offered a tour. Wonderful 360 degree views of the city from up there. Food was ok, portions and drinks kind of small if you like to drink go next door to a bar. Did have trouble with my breakfast. Nothing seemed fresh or  just done. The other complaint has to do the the elevators. The waiting time can be unbearable, you must have patience. Not withstanding my complaints, we do recommend the hotel, we will probably comeback.
bubble_40	Brandner (opened in mid 2016) Hotel in Midtown east. Modern / trendy interior. Staff is young, friendly and helpful. Rooms are not big but interior is clever distributed. Cool Bar and restaurant. Library was also a nice area (a little more silence would be nice there)
bubble_50	I stayed at the Arlo NoMad the weekend of April 1st and what a wonderful stay it was! So much so, that we've already decided that the next time we have to stay at a hotel in NYC, we're definitely going to stay here again! We landed on the worst possible day, it was raining and cold, but as soon as we got to the hotel we felt welcomed and comfortable. The room is very tiny, but everything is so well organized, clean, modern and of good quality. Everything, down to the last detail, was so nice and clean. The bed was ridiculously comfortable. The area is fantastic, you're right next to K-Town so there's plenty of delicious food and fun things to do at night. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Also, there's a 24-hour shop inside the hotel, so when you stumble back
bubble_50	the hotel is located in a great space and easy to get around. The staff was very pleasant. The hotel was very clean would definitely recommend, Walking distance from Penn Station. The bars and lounging areas were very nice and modern.
bubble_50	We stayed there for 4 nights. Staff was great, room small but very well designed to take advantage of the space. Location was even better than i thought, 2 blocks from the metro, a few streets from main shopping like Macy's. I would highly recommend it and will return for sure. Restaurant looks nice, bar was cosy.
bubble_50	My sister and I stayed at the Arlo NoMad for a week in January and had an excellent stay. We stayed in a bunk room which was very clean and modern. It had two super comfy beds with a tv at each end, a decent sized bathroom with a lovely big shower and a small view of the Empire State Building from our beds which was a nice bonus! Yes the rooms are small, but we managed just fine - even with 2 huge suitcases.   Just 2 minor downsides to the room:  - The bathroom didn't feel very private as there is only a frosted glass wall/door that felt more like a shower screen dividing the bathroom from the rest of the room. - The Air con did not heat the room evenly. It was situated opposite the top bunk which made it very hot up there at times while trying to heat up the rest of the room.
bubble_40	Got on the elevator with a gay couple and the one said, "How do you like your micro-mini room?" The other said, "Aren't the views spectacular!?" And I'm left wondering what their relationship is like. The room was really small but the appointments in the room were great. There was a clothes steamer instead of an iron, didn't need a board and worked wonderfully. Many space saving gadgets, the lighting was really cool. Bed very comfortable. We found the staff extremely helpful. Go to the desk for health club pass for really nice club right around the corner.  It has bottom story of weights, main story of machines like ellipticals, top story of mats for yoga and stretching.  Hotel has a cafe down in main lobby which brews fresh coffee and snacks, and although the rooms are small
bubble_40	Rooms are small but good value for money. Excellent beds, showers and friendly staff! Except for bathroom doors that are made of glass and almost see-through (they have huge opening on top as well) I would rate this five stars (not absolute rating but rating based on $ / what you get).
bubble_40	I should start by saying that I booked a 3night in this stay solely because of a very recent excellent stay at the Nomad Hudson Square. I needed to be in midtown so decided to try this sister hotel. So I am partly basing my review comparing to my excellent stay which brought expectations, but also more objectively based on other hotel stays.  Overall I really enjoyed my stay.   Positives: -Very clean. Very modern and new.  -Very comfortable bed.  -Very clean, well stocked bathroom linens.  -Umbrella in the wardrobe was a very welcome addition given it was torrential rain on one of the days I stayed.  -The common area on the 2nd floor is just an amazing space. I was able to work from my laptop. Super spacious with such a nice vibe.   Negatives: -My main issue is the elevators.
bubble_40	We loved our stay at the Arlo NoMad. It is close to everything. The hotel is cozy and has amazing rooms. The view is unbelievable! Although the rooftop terrace was not open when we were here, it looks like it has amazing views judging from other people pictures! The restaurants are great as well. We have 4 stars because valet service was slow to get our car back. Moreover, we had to ask again where our car was because it seemed our request was never met.
bubble_20	I have booked with this hotel online on their website for the second week of april and now have a change of plans and need to cancel my booking... it has been a nightmare getting in touch, there is no mechanism on their website to cancel, i have written to the email listed in their site, have called their lines and no answer and i am in anguish now as it is an expensive hotel and need to cancel prior i get a no show
bubble_50	From the beginning on a very warm welcome. If you get a room direction Empire State you will have a marvelous view. The rooftop is one of the best in the city.   Fantastic staff at the front desk.  Ask for Carlos. His Lastname is "make customers happy" Awesome guy.  We enjoyed it a lot.
bubble_40	We have stayed many times at the sister property, Arlo Hudson Square, and decided to give the NoMad location a try. We were not surprised to see a family resemblance, but the NoMad hotel is a bit more "mid-town" in feel, as it is bigger and seems to be squeezed on a narrower lot. The staff are all friendly, knowledgable, and attentive to guests' needs. The bar area is smaller than at Husdon Sq, but still very cool. The night we were there, a musician sang and played guitar. There is a roof deck with great views, but it was closed for the season. Rooms are bright and efficient. They seem a bit larger at this location, as we had space to stow our clothes, and maneuver around the bed. Conveniently located near Penn Station and subways in a very hip neighborhood.
bubble_50	stayed at the arlo nomad two nights while visiting new York for a concert.   everyone at the hotel was  very accommodating and friendly.  the restauraunt in the hotel was great, and the rooms, although they are small are fun.  very clean, and the beds are so comfortable.  great little spot. would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	Arrived on Saturday night, immediately acknowledged and greeted by the friendly and courteous staff. The check-in process was executed flawlessly and immediately found myself proceeding onward and upward to the 26th floor. Myself and my significant other where stunned by the gorgeous views of the city skyline. Slept comfortably and overall enjoyed a spotless and well-maintained room. My stay concluded with brunch at the fun, laid back restaurant of Massoni.  Highly recommend. Cordell and Zachary your staff should be commended and hope to be back soon!
bubble_50	Loved everything. The chic clever (albiet small room) the bar (the Brussel Sprout Pie )and best of all the service. I will be  back. For both work and play. Excellent location. Well priced. It even has an outdoor deck.
bubble_50	We enjoyed a one-night stay on a Friday and will be returning! Entering a sky view room is breathtaking, we were on the 25th floor and had no complaints. Advertised as a micro hotel and it was. Small amount of floor space, but fine for two pieces of small carry-on luggage. If we were staying for a week with larger bags it would have been very tight, but sliding cases under the bed would work. Well appointed with necessities including hand held steamer  Wonderfully cozy bed, we both had a nice sleep. There was a great jazz trio playing in the second floor lobby, wish we had time to sit and enjoy! Everywhere we wanted to go was easily accessible by uber or subway. Lots to do within walking distance. Excellent service, including checked baggage for prior to checkin and after
bubble_50	Kim (Assistant Manager) was amazing! The rooms are perfect for our team's business trips, and the hotel is in a great location. This is now our go-to hotel when staying in New York City. The FREE live music on Thursdays is a great touch too
bubble_40	Father and daughter week in Manhattan... We picked a 26th floor Sky view and we're so impressed! Due to recent snow the rooftop was closed and at times the 2 elevators ran slowly, but such is life in NYC. Convenient to everything and close to the subway. We will definitely be back! Thank you Arlo Nomad for a memorable week and especially West and Taylor!
bubble_40	I have had the pleasure of staying in both the urban and the sky view rooms, and I must say the latter is worth every damn cent. The rooms are small (as to be expected in NYC) but thoughtfully appointed (hand held steamer provided instead of an iron + board for example).  It's clean, modern, and the sort of view you'd want to wake up to and admire with someone.   A few (very) minor gripes in an extremely hard to fault hotel:  - The lifts can take an eternity one way at peak times (15+ mins) due to the volume of people - The AC is fan based and switches constantly from silent to rather loud (I just kept mine off so I could sleep)  - For those sharing the bathroom is only separated by a small glass panel so worth bearing in mind if you're not fully comfortable with each other yet
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at Arlo Nomad for my birthday weekend over St.Patricks day. This hotel is a little slice of heaven. From the moment we arrived and were greeted promptly and checked in early the customer service from the front desk team was 5 stars. When we got to our room, I was a little disappointed with our view on the 11th floor, as we paid a little extra for a "sky view". I asked the gentlemen at the front desk ( I wish I knew his name, he was so pleasant, maybe a manager has he wore a suit coat and v neck with a tie) if we could possibly have a higher floor. He didn't get annoyed and said absolutely, we would just have to wait until the room was ready! It goes a long a way when people accommodate you. They ALSO sent me the sweetest Birthday card, mini bottle of red
bubble_50	First time in NY and I'm definitely glad I booked a room here. First off, the customer service is amazing (thanks to Elizabeth who helped upgrade our room!) and second - the rooms are beautiful! Modern and well put together. Definitely will stay here again.
bubble_50	So we have just returned from NYC and indeed our stay in the Arlo Nomad.  On arrival we were greeted so kindly by one of the lobby hosts who gave us some great information about the hotel and the local area.  We were given our room 2206, a sky view queen room.  We walked in and could not believe our luck! It was simply beautiful, small but perfectly formed! Great use of space.  Our view of the Empire State Building was a hell of a welcome to the city!   We travelled as a couple, thank goodness we were comfortable with each other as the bathroom door was made of glass  not an issue for us but worth bearing in mind for others who may not wish to be quite so intimate.    The bed was very comfortable, high enough that most suitcases would fit underneath to allow more room.  The
bubble_50	The hotel is new, so everything is impeccable. Yes, the rooms are small, and I bet they are not for everyone, but if you don't mind and like this concept of hotel this is the place to stay, even in a couple. Location is also a big plus, since you can reach the subway easily and walking is also an option.
bubble_40	Small, but nice, clean and modern rooms. Got a nice room facing Empire State because I was staying for a week. Very central location. Very good service! Good prices for what you get. Would definitely consider staying here again if I'm traveling alone or with my wife. Not suitable as a family hotel probably.
bubble_50	The rooms are small but adorable. I loved the shower. And the bed was so comfortable I was tempted to steal the pillows. I never slept better. It's a short walk from Penn Station, but far enough to not be surrounded by the normal high traffic noise of such a busy area.
bubble_50	We stayed a night at this hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful! The rooms were compact, but really well designed. Very near the Empire State Building and not a bad walk to Times Square and Broadway. Would stay again!
bubble_50	As soon as I arrived my first time at Arlo after doing some research online and had a tiring travel experience I was greeted by a water bottle and front desk was friendly and made me feel so comfortable. Thank you Elizabeth, Carlos & Zack. You guys rock!  I want to let everyone know the experience was welcoming and comfortable beds and beautiful newly designed hotel and restaurant has delicious menu and variety of drinks. The music was on point and what a hidden gem. This is my "new spot" when I am visiting NYC. Location is also convenient.  Thank you I hope to see you guys soon...  Dalle G
bubble_30	It's a good value. Great design. Overall friendly and helpful staff.   My issue is the lobby smelled stronger than a Bath and Body Works. It made me feel nauseous.   We purchased some cans of soda from the lobby to bring up to our room and they reeked of the fragrance. We had to hold our breaths each time we took a sip. I am assuming the top of the cans collected some of whatever they spray to make the place smell.   We liked the place enough that we would stay again, but wish they would tone down the "branded fragrance".
bubble_50	This is a superbly located gem of a hotel a short stroll to the subway, Macys, Empire State Building and walkable to Times Square and Rockefeller Centre. The quirky decor, cafe in the lobby, cosy bar/restaurant and chirpy, helpful staff make this a fabulous find. The rooms are small but sufficient and the bunk beds (each a large single) are ideal for friends sharing.
bubble_50	Similarly to Arlo Hudson Square, Arlo NoMad has style, service and substance. Compact rooms with thoughtful design and full-height windows make for a fully immersive experience of Manhattan.  Excellent location and a fantastic rooftop bar overlooking the Empire State.   Enlightening encounters at Massoni after discovering maple butter.
bubble_50	This chic and low key hotel makes up for in views, service and cleanliness whatever it might lack in space. I'm extremely attuned to my environment and know a good thing when I see it. Handsome cast concrete bathroooms, a comfortable bed, blackout shades, ship-like use of space. A very well stocked coffee/artisan snack/juice bar in the main lobby as a convenience to the guests. Extremely well done. They even have lovey vintage bikes for guest use out front. The Arlo is located on a quiet street just south of Koreatown proper. This area is fast becoming my favorite area of Manhattan, and this hotel my favorite place to stay.
bubble_50	If you're traveling solo to New York, this is the  place to stay. The small room was as comfortable as could be, efficiently designed, and technologically up to the minute. Staff were all very warm and helpful, check-in was a breeze, common areas were inviting and very comfortable. The location is great: close to everything while still on a relatively quiet street.   I did not eat at the restaurant but had a great martini at the lobby bar.although I had the urban queen room (lowest price point) I had a nice view of the Empire State Building. An unexpected added plus. The room was nice and quiet. Very little street noise despite being on the 7th floor and no noise at all from neighbors.   This place isn't for everyone. While I enjoyed the room's layout which let watch tv while I
bubble_50	Extremely pleased with this hotel! It is very clean and the staff is truly exceptional. Our lobby host Carlos Collado even upgraded us! Will definitely be back soon! Don't be shy to ask for local recommendations either!
bubble_50	NYC rooms are notoriously small and the Arlo Nomad is no exception.  But the rooms (with floor to ceiling windows) have stunning views of the Manhattan skyline and the rooms are clean, well appointed and well maintained    The bars and public areas are comfortable, fun and funky.   The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  Be sure to try the pizza in the lobby snack bar....it is excellent.    Prices are very reasonable and the location cannot be beat....it is one block to 5th Avenue.   Highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	Great modern looking hotel... very clean with great staff! I strongly recommend going for a sky room and requesting a high floor... amazing views!! The rooms are VERY small however the SKY views make up for it. Great location in K town walking distance to most major locations.
bubble_50	I personally loved this place. Going in, I was unsure what the small rooms would be like. But they are beautifully appointed with mostly stunning views. The online booking process was easy, and the rate was shockingly reasonable. When I go to New York, I'm rarely in my room, so I didn't miss having more space. Furthermore, there are really nice common areas and two different bars. I was in town for business, and I had meetings in a couple different locations. The staff was also super friendly, and they even upgraded me for one night.  The only negative I could give it is that some of the artwork, in particular at the top of each elevator, feels a little homemade and doesn't quite go with the hotel. But overall this place is a winner.
bubble_50	I stayed in the Arlo Nomad for three nights in February 2017. I stayed in a Queen bed room with a city view. I have stayed in many hotels of all kinds in many places worldwide especially in NYC. What you get in Arlo is a room with everything you may need without excess space. The room may have less floor space but they have a good height. First you enter through a modern reception that is opposite a trendy "Bodega" concept that is open 24 hours. It'll sell you everything from a cup of coffee, a soda, to a slice of Massoni Pizza. The reception furniture is a modern mid century revival and it leads you either to a restaurant: Massoni, or to the elevator hallway, it also has a staircase that leads you to two "studios" one is a large area with sofas and lounge chairs with a large
bubble_50	Stayed here for one night on our lay over. The hotel had a classy and rustic feel, with a great restaurant and awesome lounges. The rooms are minimalist yet make use of the space extremely well. Would stay again. Shout out to Carlos Collado for the upgrade and for being awesome!
bubble_50	absolutely the best place I have ever stayed at in Manhattan: simply amazing views of NYC skyline from rooms (not ideal if you suffer from vertigo, but I don't...); and, most importantly, exceedingly friendly staff who go out of their way to ensure you have a great experience: I came up with all sorts of requests, which were always executed with a smile: from changing rooms after 2 days just because I wanted to experience a different view, to shoe cleaning and dry cleaning; the fact that you are invariably called by name by staff makes you feel like an old friend. perhaps the only area for improvement is better service and more reasonable prices at the bar in front of the lobby, or perhaps even complimentary coffee.
bubble_50	My fianc and I arrived in NYC on a Friday for a romantic weekend away. We came in on the Acela and the Arlo is perfectly located a few blocks away - in the middle of plenty of restaurants, bars and fun. However, it was a snowy, cold night and the ice covered sidewalks discouraged us from wandering outside after we checked in. So we decided to settle for the hotel bar and restaurant.   Wow. We were so pleasantly surprised at how delicious, hip, and fun both the bar and the restaurant were. The food and cocktails were impeccable. We are making it a point to visit Massoni next time we visit NYC.   Anyways, we had a late night. By the time we headed up to the room the weather had cleared and all that was left was an amazing view of the skyline from our 29th floor room. The bed was
bubble_10	vWe booked 2 nights for a special occasion, no help with our luggage, no breakfast, no coffee making facilities in the room. We were happy enough with the room and the staff but shocked at the lack of service provided for the price we paid.We could have gotten a lot more at a different hotel for the price we paid. Not a 4 star hotel by any standard really. As we checked out at the desk they asked for my card details again to which i protested that we had already been charged when we arrived. They assured me that they were "Just double checking our details" as a standard measure and so I presented my debit card again as requested. Low and behold when i come to check my bank statement they have not only overcharged me for the room they have also charged me for it twice completely
bubble_50	As someone who has been traveling to NYC my whole life, my wife and I escaped to our favorite city for a weekend getaway March 3-5 and stayed in a queen room at this AWESOME new hotel. The staff was super friendly, the room was clean /luxurious / efficient. The bars and restaurants were great too as was our view of the city. The Korean Deli on the corner is a huge amenity for the hotel too with everything you could imagine and we'll look forward to returning to our new favorite hotel in NYC very soon. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
bubble_50	This hotel is by far the coolest spot in the city. I've started at quite a few hotels in NYC and have never been more pleased.  The view is amazing. The staff are great. And they're opening up a rooftop lounge in the spring. Doesn't get any better.  And to top it all off, if you book through them, they'll match your hotels tonight price, or any other app you use to book.  Definitely making this the regular spot for my quarterly trips into the city.
bubble_40	I was surprised with a NY trip for my birthday. The cherry on top of this trip, the hotel and  ridiculously amazing customer Service- truly beyond exceptional!   Let me start off by raving about their outstanding staff, how diligent and impeccable they all were with every little detail and effort to make our stay absolutely wonderful. Carlos (a true star here) worked closely with my boyfriend's assistant to make sure I got a warm and special birthday welcome (which I absolutely did)! Zachary also took time to whip up an amazing list of go-to restaurants in NY, if only I had a few more days to hit up every place he recommended. The staff seriously finds pleasure in being really good at there job and making the guests happy. Love love that!  All in all, Arlo Nomad is a very posh
bubble_50	Great staff, so helpful and friendly- especially Cordell at the Reception desk. The location was ideal, central but quiet enough to have a good nights sleep. Will be staying again on our next NYC visit!
bubble_50	Rooms are small but you should be aware of this before you book. I wouldn't recommend for families, but as a solo traveller or as a couple I would highly recommend, large glass windows mean bright rooms, room was spotlessly clean, housekeepers are a real credit to this hotel! Bed was comfy, Tv was large, bathroom was en-suite shower, found the sink being in the main room a little odd but quirky nonetheless. All staff encountered were lovely and helpful. Brilliant room and very good location, would definitely consider staying again. For the price we paid no other hotel could compare.
bubble_50	With a cancelled flight at LGA, chose to stay at Arlo NoMad.  CARLOS was very sympathetic to our situation and cared very much about our needs and comfort.  Will highly recommend Arlo to anyone headed to NYC!!!
bubble_50	:      .   . 33  3,   ,      .      .  :    .            .  :    ,  .  Staff is very friendly and professional. Room is well designed for couple.  Very modern , compact designed room. Front desk staff *Kim is good communicated with me. *Jarif is so kind and fun. He help us to find good staff and post our korean card.  I am the first guest post the wall card of korean maybe I think : D It is funny and good to see.  * First day I stayed , I lost my trip document. when I knew that I am so panic. but the staff in the lobby found that very important and valuable document. and That staff delevery it to my room. There is no missing
bubble_40	A very nice hotel in the very centre of Manhattan. Rooms are small but very well designed and functional. We stayed 4 nights in a room very similar to the one in the picture, the view was amazing. The personnel is very nice and helpful, we had a great stay!
bubble_50	From when we checked in and until we left we had a wonderful time at this hotel.. The staff are wonderfully helpful and friendly.... and the newness of this hotel makes it really stand out.   This hotel has a wonderful chic about it.. the rooms are on the micro side but more than comfortable for 2 people.. with the most wonderful views of manhattan.   The location is wonderful, perfect for those like me who like to walk to manhattan.. it's very easy heading up to central park or as far down as soho and Tribeca.   The hotel bar is a great place to grab a drink.. both the downstairs and upstairs seemed a place to start a night out.. or to head into the hotel restaurant
bubble_50	We discovered the Arlo NoMad ladt month and have already been back once and booked for future dates. This place is our new BFF -- Beyond Fabulous Find! Super cool lobby. Young, upbeat and enthusiastic staff (especially Ethan at the front desk), who went above and beyond to make us feel welcome. Hip, young and attractive patrons. And best of all... THE ROOMS! What they may lack in actual space, they more than make up for with intelligent (no, make that ingenius) design. Sheer brilliance (and also SHEET brilliance -- the bedding and other furnishings are all so spanking new that they practically gleam). All the rooms seem to offer floor to ceiling windows with great views as well, lending them an illusion of added space. Plush, super comfy beds, as well. Just staying there made us
bubble_50	I stayed five days in Arlo Nomad and the place is wonderful, I highly recommend it.  Pros: - amazing view! (but not from any room) - perfect location for a tourist - good vibes - everything is new and pretty and working well - nice rooms with smart design (they are small but you don't feel it, was OK even for two people) - very clean - nice and helpful staff  Cons:  - the heating wasn't super strong. it was fine for me (in the winter) but if you like the heating to cook you well, it might be a problem - don't expect to see the Empire State Building from any room! my first 'sky' room actually had only 'nice' view, but once I asked they managed to relocate me to a better room - there is some noise from the street, but it's probably unavoidable in the city
bubble_50	Cute and quaint bricks, mortar and dcor in a very trendy boutique hotel! Very attentive to details in both the rooms and lounge/resto-bar areas. Excellent food with a lot of attention and imagination paid to small details. Location is excellent with regards to seeing as much of Manhattan if one has a limited amount of time.The place even smells nice upon entering! MOST IMPORTANT of all. The entire staff was the most cordial, friendly and welcoming of any we have experienced in ALL our travels. These people were genuinely concerned that our stay would be the most pleasant we could experience and they more than came through with flying colours! KUDOS to all of them!
bubble_40	Arlo gives and Arlo takes away.   The rooms are small but stylish, the Bodega serves tasty snacks and coffee around the clock. The beds are comfortable and breakfast at Massoni is a nice way to start your day.   If you're traveling solo or plan to spend most of your time in the City rather then your room Arlo is a great choice. Try to get a room in one of the upper floors of you like nice views.
bubble_50	Amazing, funky, trendy hotel. YES, the rooms are small but enough for a wall to ceiling view and do everything you need in a hotel room. My husband and I went for one night last Friday and upon arrival was given a free drink in the funky lounge while we waited. It was perfect! Jazz can be found on the second floor. It was perfect for the two of us and I have stayed in many hotels in NY for work and this is definitely trendy, a community like feel with a boutique atmosphere!
bubble_50	Booked a room with skyline view and I was not disappointed. A great help on all of the issues by responsive staff members. Great work done by Elisabeth. Room views cant be beaten by anything and a rooftop lounge with a direct view over Empire State Building just amazing.
bubble_20	I'll start with the positives: the staff is very nice and helpful.   The rest..where to start.. The advertised view is on a high brick wall on one side and a construction site on the other. This construction site is also causing incredible noise all day, in the room, there is also noise from very loud AC, and you can hear all of the conversations of your neighbours.  The AC also lets in smell of smoker cigarettes and cooked food! The rooms are extremely tiny, even for New York standards and feel like prison cells. There is only a mini closet for your thingsz  The hotel has just opened but the cheap furniture is already cracking and peeling away. One person will feel cramped, for two it's very uncomfortable and simply too small. Paid extra for the Sky view which was not worth it.
bubble_20	I exchanged several emails prior to planning my New York New Years trip to the hotel. The emails where to confirm that the hotel would have a new year event on with access to the roof. They replied stating there would be something on but access to the roof with some champagne. No pre booking was mentioned nor was any cost or maintenance.   Upon arrival after the very slow and unprofessional welcome I.e the brief moment of not knowing how to check us in, I asked about New Year's Eve celebrations and roof top access. The reply infuriated me, you have to pay $$$ for a meal and a toast on the roof. We are now fully booked but if you pay extra we can try and fit you in. Followed by "roof access is not aloud due to health and safety and will not open up till the summer" this confused
bubble_50	I don't know where to start , the food, the staff, the glorious bed, the location.... I am looking for reasons to go into the city to stay there again. The rooms are clean, the views are amazing too. The attention to details impressed me very much too
bubble_50	We had a great stay in the Arlo NoMad last weekend. The hotel decor is funky and fresh, the staff were very friendly and efficient and the room was small but very well thought out.  The floor to ceiling windows were fabulous and terrifying at the same time!  We had a queen skyline room on the 24th floor with an incredible view.  The rooftop bar area was closed (it was pretty chilly!!) but we went to see the views - they were amazing, and there was a small glass walkway over the road below - I WALKED IT! I had to keep my eyes closed but I did it!  We didn't try the restaurant but BarLo is nice & the sitting room/workspace area is a great place to relax.  I'd definitely come back to this hotel, big thumbs up from me!
bubble_50	We stayed on the 22nd floor in a Queen Sky View room, and our experience exceeded my expectations! The view was awesome, [though the higher you go, the more skyline you get, but we were pleased with our view!] the room was compact but efficient, and I loved the materials and design used in the small space. It was clean, cozy, and perfect for a romantic little getaway with my husband. The bed was crazy comfortable, and we slept with our windows open in 40 degree weather with no problem because the comforter was so cozy & warm! The greatest part about this hotel is the creativity and diversity of what they offer, and the attention to detail. When you arrive, you are met by an amazing aroma, friendly staff, and beautiful design. Elizabeth and Zack went above and beyond to make sure
bubble_50	I've initially booked a queen sky room and requested a high room,  at check in the highest available room was on the 14th floors. They offered me a city queen room on the 26th floor at check in and let me have a look at the room before I agreed.  Decided to take the room (biggest difference is that the sky room has floor to ceiling windows at two sides and city at one side).  Did not regret,  the view was amazing.    I read some complaints about the room size but it did not disappointed me,  I don't need any more space in a room.   Style of the rooms are wonderful and the blind barber toiletries smelled lovely. Would Definitely book again.
bubble_50	After staying 4 days this past long weekend in NYC, I must say it was extremely enjoyable with the discovery of the Arlo Nomad. The service, location, and facilities were the best I have had in NYC. It is brand new with no signs of wear. The best part was that we arrived at 10.00am after taking a red eye flight and were pleasantly surprised to be able to check in early. The room is tight but we adventure out in NY and just want to come back to a place that feels like home. Try it. You will love it.
bubble_20	My wife and I spent five days last week in this boutique hotel in NYC. The location is convenient, only 3 minutes walk from the nearest subway station. The hotel is very new as it opened six months ago. The room is tiny but nicely renovated. It is cosy and the bed is comfy. The shower is particularly nice and I like the lemongrass smell of the body wash & shampoo.   The drawback is the view. The room has large French windows but the view is blocked by the neighboring buildings, unless you stay higher than 25/F (29/F in total). And the air con in the room is loud. You need to switch off the A/C at night, otherwise it will wake you up at night.   The customer service is below par. The staff are friendly when you speak to them face to face. But when you have problem, it shows their
bubble_40	I dont know if this is just me...I stayed here for just one night on business, on my own. The hotel is very smart, lively and looks great. The staff were excellent; On check in they noticed that it had been my birthday that week and comped me a couple of drinks at the bar. I had been upgraded to a King room...great. But, its a king bed in a compact room. there is no space to move around the bed. If there had been 2 of us in this room it would have been cramped...especially if someone has to get up in the night and clamber over the bed as there is no space to go around. The bed was comfortable, shower was great but hanging space was sparse, however, It is a lovely looking hotel with a very smart appearance and great views; just be aware that the King rooms are cramped and the
bubble_50	Great service, clean and effective use of small spaces. We stayed in a Queen Sky and really enjoyed the service, design and cheeriness of this hotel. The restaurant was good and I enjoyed their free passes to New York Sports Club, which I used a couple of times. Staff were super friendly and helpful overall. They helped arrange a champagne surprise for a friend who was also staying at the hotel. They were also as stylishly dressed as the hotel is well designed. I liked the library and restaurant, which made the hotel feel very comfy despite the small rooms.
bubble_50	Amazing place to stay while in NYC. Perfect location. Easy walk to most spots. Staff goes out of their way to make you feel important. Loved our stay here and will return! We are regular travelers to the city and I can assure you that this hotel is worth more than they are charging! 5 star staff!
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I were coming to celebrate Valentine's Day and from the moment I called a day before the staff could not be more accommodating. When we checked in they had a note wishing us a Happy Valentine's Day and a bag of chocolate waiting for us. Every request we had from a vase to a bottle opener they were more than accommodating. The staff was wonderfully charming and went out of their way to make sure we had a great stay. Now the view, we booked a Sky View room which was outstanding. We saw both the sunset and sunrise from our room and even went onto their roof to see an almost 360-degree view of the city. The place is hip and trendy and has a great atmosphere. It is definitely my new favorite hotel in the city.
bubble_50	the Arlo Nomad location is in an excellent spot to enjoy all of the culture and shopping the city has to offer. The staff were helpful, courteous and friendly.  the room was cozy with a great view of the city and the Empire State building. Excellent stay and will be back again and again.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel! We stayed in a sky room and the view was amazing! The staff was friendly and very helpful.  We ate at Massoni which is inside the hotel. The food was fantastic!  The rooftop has incredible views of the city. I cannot wait to go back when the bar on the roof top is open.  Christina Selementi, you did a great job!!
bubble_50	The staff is wonderful.  We had a SkyView room and it was breathtaking.   Very hip and stylish.  Location is a short walk to a ton of things to do.  Can't wait to return when the rooftop bar is open.  Feels like you can touch the Empire State Building from there.
bubble_50	Stayed in NY on business for 3 nights, Feb 8th through 10th. Was 16c when I arrived in NYC then overnight 10" snow.   Late check in after flight from Vegas was delayed but as others have commented the reception was warm and welcoming...and a free first drink voucher was donated to me. Never had a chance to use it unfortunately.   Room was small (this is NYC) but perfectly adequate for single occupation. Very smart use of available space, lots of hangers, a safe under the bed and enough storage space. Desk area is small to work at but it was acceptable.   Bed was very comfy, room was warm even in the extreme temperature variation. Shower great as was the toiletries.   WiFi strength excellent...I had to join some video conferences with the uk and connection was rock solid.   Best
bubble_50	Highly recommended, very good location, pretty new, but small rooms. A lot of attractions in this area, Empire State Building just 500 meters. Good price-quality choice. One of the best 4 stars Hotel of New York
bubble_50	I have just come back from 8 night of being at the Arlo Nomad. Great place! Warm and helpful staff, amazing views from the modern rooms (go for skyline rooms if available!). All though the rooms are small, there is plenty of smart storage and big enough space under the bed to store two large cases.   CVS one block away, a handy take out place next door, plenty of bars around the hotel and there are also great bars and restaurants in the hotel. I look forward to coming back again.
bubble_40	Perfect hotel to visit all the city in a good position The room was little but the view was fantastic. If you use the hotel only to sleep it is perfect in all. The staff was friendly, and the ceck out are ok, you can leave your luggage in the hotel until your trip to come back home
bubble_50	Amazing compact rooms and phenomenal staff - on arrival we were greeted by Carlos who knew we were honeymooning and had upgraded us to a queen size room with city views in the 26th floor looking out in the empire state building everyday was stunning.  The Lobby staff especially Carlos and Kim were so helpful.and nothing was too.much trouble you cannot get better customer service. This is a new boutique hotel well.worth a visit especially up.to the rooftop on 31st floor which has amazing views all around. A perfect location in E31st Street for.getting around the city with everything accessible within a few Streets. The surrounding area known as Korea town is a little shabby but 2 Streets away and you are in 50th avenue and ready to.get to.anywhere via bus, cab or subway.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Arlo Nomad for 8 nights in February. It is in a perfect location to visit any of the attractions in Manhattan the majority of which are probably within 3 or 4 miles I walked to most as I like to take in the feel of the city but there is a metro station near by if required. I had a queen room with spectacular views of the city. The staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel has a very cool contemporary feel about it. Overall a great hotel which I would be happy to spend more time in at some point in the future.
bubble_50	Absolutely love this place. The team are friendly and welcoming and the rooms are just what you need. Carlos Keller is on arrival and put us on the 28th floor looking out over New York and the Empire State Building. Compact room with everything you need for a short stay in New York. Highly recommended and would stay here again.
bubble_50	Amazing place. Great customer service experience. Carlos Collado took care of us, he made us feel very welcome. The hotel very close to restaurants and points of interest in NYC. I highly recommend this place.
bubble_50	Very cool hotel, friendly staff and everything you need. Rooms are small but you are only in there to sleep so not an issue! Lovely big bathroom. Would suggest you pay more if you really want a room with a view to avoid disappointment
bubble_50	My experience with my wife at Arlo Nomad was nothing less than 5 star! My Queen sky room and view was amazing. One of the best things about my stay was we were able to check out at 1pm that was so clutch. I can not wait to spring/summer to experience the rooftop bar and to stay at the Hudson Sq hotel as well.
bubble_50	I spent a weekend in January at the Arlo, and had a great experience. The rooms are indeed small, therefore suitable primarily to solo travelers, but the design is beautiful and the service is amazing. The guys at front desk were so nice and helpful. Even when I asked to check out late, they happily agreed. When I wanted to buy water, they just gave me a bottle and didn't charge me for it. The atmosphere in this hotel is super young and fun, it also has a bar and a restaurant, and they will give you a free drink when you check in. In short- highly recommended!
bubble_40	The hotel has sky rooms that although are tiny are beautiful hanging high in the sky. BUT and it's a big BUT the rooms have a problem with the air conditioning system that is going on N off super loud all the time. SO will I stay there again ? If they assure me the problem is fixed - yes.
bubble_40	Plus: _New opening _Great quality coffee bar _Nice view from room _Comfortable bed (but almost a bit short for 1,87m) _Friendly staff _Reactive service (there was very loud noise coming from the neighbors shower (I guess) which was resolved _Good location in midtown  Minus: _Elevator Ping sound on arrival is so loud you could hear it in room (nearby the elevator) _Aircondition sound is quite loud even on low _Kitchen smell around bar area from outside (_Temporarily super loud construction sounds starting at 6am - well I guess this can happen all over Manhattan)
bubble_30	You arrive in the lobby of that hip, perfumed hotel and think....wow.....! Then you get a breakfast voucher with the explanation that the lifts are slow......and immediately know why!! They ARE slow! I was shocked when we got to our room!! It was tiny!! So unlike American hotel rooms!! After a few days in New York we were going on a cruise, therefore we had two big suitcases with us. No chance to open them at the same time. It was difficult to open one suitcase and try to get around it!! Next morning I asked the guy at reception if they have any bigger rooms. He said that they are a micro hotel and that their philosophy is to get people out of the room and discover the city!! Hello!!?? Do you think people come to New York to get a good rest in the hotel room?? There is really
bubble_50	Perfect location ,awesome sky view 29th  floor, very clean and cozy. We definitely will return, staff was very professional and couteous we were welcomed with a bottle of champagne compliments of the hotel for our anniversary and our daughter surprised us with fresh  strawberries. A great start to an awesome Evening , dinner at Jimmy,s and dancing at the Copacabana all near by. Special thanks to Carlos and Elizabeth at the front desk for a warm welcoming  and a easy departure. I definitely will recommend Arlo  Nomad hotel to other people
bubble_40	The only thing I can fault about this hotel is the room size.  Service, location, price, everything was exceptional quality.  It really is a super small room.  If you were on your own, it would be ok, but if there are 2 of you, you are always pushing past each other or bumping into the television that's on the wall.
bubble_50	Our family of four brothers and sisters and spouses had a wonderful stay over the MLK weekend. While my wife and I did not have one of the rooms with the amazing views (one of our party did), ours was quiet and comfortable - our two top priorities. Our package included a $50 voucher for food - what a great inclusion that was. The meal was outstanding, and with all of our vouchers, it was incredibly inexpensive. We also loved the "library" on the second floor - took our morning coffee and pastry up there to start the day.  Tip: if you are interested in jazz, go to the Jazz Standard, about a 10 minute walk. Great shows - we saw the Bill Charlap Trio with Freddy Cole; good enough to attract Tony Bennett in the audience.
bubble_50	Great location, great staff and amazing rooms! There's really nothing we would change about our stay here.  It's a $27 ride from the LGA airport and the style here was everything I'd want in a city apt. Also close to Empire State building and MSG.  It was compact, but not cramped at all! The room was spacious in areas you'd want for like the shower and bed, but not a lot of extra room that you don't end up using.  Our view was incredible on the 27th floor.  The bed touched 2 of the floor-to-ceiling windows and the blackout, automatic shades made it easy to sleep in. The design is modern and trendy with clean lines, and I almost felt like we were in an Ikea sample room at times.  There are about 10 rooms on each floor and 30 or so floors. There's lots of little things I loved
bubble_50	I loved it from beginning to end! Hip courteous staff, clean modern rooms. I felt like they had all the details planned out and as a visitor you simply enjoy. Zack & Zarif gave great info on what to do and where to go, thankful to them.
bubble_50	This is a wonderful hotel in a perfect mid-town location, close to Penn Station and all the midtown sights. The staff is terrific! The decor is very modern with a great vibe. The prices can't be beat for the category of hotel. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	I have stayed at the Arlo Nomad a number of times and it has been really fabulous every time. The rooms are clean and comfortable, although on the small side- which works well for me as I travel solo for work and prefer smaller spaces.  I have always found the staff to be super helpful and friendly.  The shared space is really useful to work or hang out in and the design is so cool!  My only slight criticism would be to give yourself an extra few minutes as the elevator wait times can be a little high.    Oh, and the pizza..  It doesn't have a crust. It has crispy cheese along the edges and might change your life.
bubble_50	Came to the city to see the Lumineers with my girlfriend at MSG. We're both working Valentine's day so it was an early gift to her. Let me tell you, the service here is one of a kind, they treat their guest so well. Kastos runs to get the door for you with a smile!! Zarif checked us in, he gave us an upgrade to a city room, I had booked a  bunk. He must have asked us how our stay was Everytime he saw us, awesome guy!! Front desk manager Zach came thru with the restaurant suggestions for restaurant week. This place is incredible. Coming back 10/10.
bubble_50	The absolute only con for this property is, as everyone else has stated, the rooms are small. Really small. Don't expect to have more than two people stay in a king room. If you don't like small spaces or are not very comfortable with the person you will be staying with then skip it. We loved it and will stay again. Here's why...  Perfect location, close to shopping, SSSSuper swank design  - check out the common areas, good food in the restaurant, two great bars, and 24 hour light fare, the staff on point at all times, all conveniences (except a coffee pot and micro) in the rooms even with their small size, great rainfall shower head, amazing views, and let me tell you, I am going to get my hands on one of their mattresses.   Someone commented that it isn't very sound proof - I
bubble_50	I just couldn't wait to write a review on this hotel. The whole staff is phenomenal - Carlos & Conard thank you sooo much for the help!  The food in Massani was amazing! The views in the room breathtaking!
bubble_40	This hotel is right at the entrance to hudson st intersection so busy and noisy if your having a baclony room try to get a higher level. This was a brand new hotel so there was a lot to sort out . We stayed two weeks rooms are small the queen room gives you more space than a king . The staff were bright and sparky. This hotel is more like a funky hip hotel and the bonus is brand knew. If your going back to the airport via a black car reception orders you be careful we were told tip inclusive and after you put your pin in as you get out of the car he adds a tip the hotel needs to be aware of this dodgy and looks bad because they ordered it . I sent the hotel a message but got no response it was something you really needed to address at the time. We also loved the coffee shop down
bubble_30	Stayed there three nights over a weekend.  Booked the place because it had very high reviews and the price was right.   The hotel was a mixed bag of good and bad.    First the Good:  Reception was easy and the staff were pleasant.  Room was very small but functional and bed comfortable.  I would not recommend this hotel for two people in one room.  All rooms are similar in size and two people would probably fumble over each other all the time.  The location is central and good with lots of food options and services around.    Now the Bad:  They have a 24 hour food stand in the lobby.  The coffee is awful and the staff are rude.  I would never say that if it were a one-off but each time I bought something (maybe five times from different people) I felt as though I was seriously
bubble_50	Really cool style in this new Manhattan hotel. Great service, we were traveling with a baby and they gave us a room with a bathtub without our asking for it, which was very thoughtful. Restaurant downstairs is a tad pricey but EXCELLENT food - - the greek yogurt bowl was the best I have ever had - - the breakfast sandwich, the pistachio pizza, and the beet salad were also to die for. Only negative is that a maintenace guy knocked on our door at 9am our last day asking "Are you leaving? Because I need to do some repairs in this room." (even though we had the "privacy please" sign on the door and checkout is not until noon). This is a new hotel though and I am sure they are still working out all the kinks, other than that our stay was perfect.
bubble_50	Just returned from a lovely week long stay at the Arlo Nomad. As we arrived we received an efficient and friendly reception from the staff on check in and acknowledgement that we were celebrating a special occasion along with a room upgrade and cupcakes in our room from Carlos on reception- lovely touch! The rooms are compact but clean and modern. Beds very comfy along with USB plugs by the bed. Nice hot and powerful shower along with good quality shower products provided should you require them. The hairdryer was good along with the steamer and a small fridge is provided in the room for you to store water etc. View from the 23rd floor was exceptional and a great location for exploring NYC. Thank you to all the staff for a fabulous stay!
bubble_50	Called hotel direct & they gave me a better rate for a simply stunning room on the 25th floor. My flight was incredibly early & they were happy to hold my bags for me while I had some breakfast in their amazing restaurant (get the yogurt with fig jam) and then they were able to check me in early and the rest of my stay was simply a dream. I credit the entire team from the front desk...Carlos, Victorio, Zatif, Elizabeth S.,Cordell, Zach...the list goes on!! I ventured out quite a bit but looked forward to coming back to hotel to feel the good energy! Everyone is spot on & incredibly hospitable & accommodating...I'm going back next month & definitely staying there in October for NYC food & wine festival..It was a great experience! I would take this hotel over any Ritz or Four
bubble_50	The hotel rooms are modern, clean, and the staff is extremely friendly and accomodating.  The location is a very short walk from Flatiron and most subway lines, making it super easy to reach all trendy parts of town, go out at night, etc.  Last but not least, their little cafe in the lobby seems to be open 24/7, making it super convenient to quickly grab a coffee in the morning or buy water for the room late at night.
bubble_50	I was originally staying at another hotel in the city but after a bad experience chose to move, and I am so glad I did.  This spot is hands-down the best place I have ever stayed.   The rooms are gorgeous, well thought out and designed, and a relaxing oasis in the middle of the city.  The staff is so friendly, helpful and kind.  The location is also great, lots of access to transit, but not overly touristy.   If you are looking for somewhere trendy to rest your head at night and unwind after a long day, definitely pick the Arlo!
bubble_50	I came out to New York on a work trip and wanted a nice, central place to stay.  After browsing for a bit I came across the Arlo Nomad.  Let me tell you...  Great prices, amazing service and perfect location!   I got in at about 11pm and was exhausted.  I was greeted by the lobby host, Carlos Callado.  He was so nice and very helpful.  First, he upgraded my room to a city view which is what I had originally wanted but being that I am on the companies dime I did not want to expense the upgrade.  He first upgraded me to the 17th floor and then said let me do you one better and get you a higher floor with a better view.  He got me up to the 21st floor with a view of the Empire State Building.  I was stoked!  Then I asked if there was a place to get a glass of wine.. he said of
bubble_50	Very nice hotel, friendly and helpful staff. No breakfast buff but the breakfast a la carte was very tasty. Micro rooms that are well planned and stylish... Nice reception area to hang out in, all good!
bubble_50	Hotel :  +Great location nearby subway and major attractions + bars and restaurants. +Trendy Hotel with nice restaurant an bar +Helpful staff (will go the extramile) +Very fast and convenient check out +Free fast and easy Wifi everywhere  -Rooftop is closed in winter -Expensive bottled juices at takeaway shop (10 USD) -longtime waiting at elevator during rush hours  Room:  CAREFUL when you book: Rooms are not all equal when we speak about the view. The king room Sky starts from 14th Floor up the 29th Floor. We got first on the 14th and required to change for a better view, couldn't be done the same night but only the next day, the helpful staf at the reception offered diner to compensate : Great person !  + million dollar view on Room 2905 + USB plugs available for your phones
bubble_50	Stayed at Arlo in January , unfortunately had to attend a close friends passing. Flew in on a red eye flight and didn't expect the kind of service I recieved . Walked in and was immediately greeted by Evelyn and her beautiful smile . Kind of refreshing to see especially at 7am after a long flight. Zarif was able to store my bags and informed me of some great spots for breakfast . Unfortunately due to my reason for traveling wasn't able to check them out but I definetly will next time.        Around 10am I recieved a call from Zarif  that my room was ready , wow wasn't expecting that . Returned the hotel to find my bags in the room and the most comfortable beds ever. Slept like a baby . Rooms were modern and had all the essentials needed for my 1 night stay . The next morning I
bubble_50	Loved the Nomad. First impression, it smelt phenomenal as you walk in the door, strange but true. The hotel rooms are compact but modern and the hotel has a great feel. The stand out thing was the staff as nothing was too much trouble, a special mention to Kimberley who took the time to track down the camera I left. The communal areas, bodega/bar look great although we didn't utilise them much as we where out most of the time sight seeing. Would gladly recommend. Ps beds where great!
bubble_50	We had a great stay at Arlo Nomad. I'd especially like to thank Cordell Nelson, Director of Guest Services for his phenomenal service. He accomodated our requests with ease and went above and beyond to guarantee us an enjoyable experience.   Every member of the staff that we encountered gave us a genuinely kind greeting and were very eager to help us in anyway such as Nicos at Guest Services and the staff in the restaurant during breakfast who also went out of their way to help us.   Eventhough the rooms are small, we are already returning for another visit.
bubble_40	Located a stones throw away from the Empire State, this modern boutique hotel has selection of micro rooms with great views. The rooms are thoughtfully designed to ensure that although the rooms are small, all the spaces are utilised. All the rooms are extremely clean, customer services was excellent and there is also a great modern Italian restaurant alongside a fantastic bar in-house also. A great place to stay for a long weekend!
bubble_50	Very good modern hotel, with friendly and kind staff. Had the greatest visit in town, near to everything! Nice and fresh rooms, the view is fantastic with the big windows! Big thanks to Zarif who had a great hospitality and very helpful, A+
bubble_50	Perfect size and cost for a quick business trip. Free office / lobby space is ideal for those wanting a quiet place to get work done.  Rooms are utilitarian but very comfortable.  A actual iron rather than steamer would be good for those particularly creased shirts.
bubble_50	This is a hip little hotel for the solo traveler. Only in town for one night for a Broadway show, I scored a fantastic deal off Travelzoo for a queen city view room. And it was probably one of the best hotel room views I've ever had in NYC (not a peekaboo view of the Empire State Building, but like in-your-face the real deal). The room is perfect for one or a couple or two very good friends (the bathroom area has one of those frosted glass sliding doors). I very much enjoyed the whole microhotel design and the waterfall shower room was heavenly and had amazing smelling products by Blind Barber (my Brooklyn friend loves the stuff and he said they have a cool bar too).  The hotel lounges on the second floor are a fun place to hang or work and there's a rooftop area, too (although
bubble_50	Modern friendly hotel. Situated central to tourist locations. Just round corner from Empire State Building. 15 mins to Times Square, 20 to 25 mins to Central Park. Easy to get underground again just round corner. Lovely roof top view, when bar is finished soon it will be fantastic. Rooms at back great view of Empire State. High floors obviously best view. Had breakfast one morning, good service, food ok, vdidnt like sausages but that's probably my taste. Cafe in foyer great to get warmed up croissant and tea/ coffee before you head out for the day. Atmospheric bar and relaxing areas, attentive bar staff. Rooms small but have everything you need. Cleaned to a high standard daily. Comfy beds. Great shower. Safe provided no extra charge. Hair dryer,  steamer. Only improvement would
bubble_50	I stayed here for one night with a great  deal through TravelZoo. It's a short walk from Penn Station and a couple of blocks from Herald Square. Microhotel is an appropriate term for the room I stayed in. The studio was just big enough to squeeze by the foot of the bed to get to the window but for one person, it was fine. I had to use my computer and phone to make some calls for work and with the free WiFi there were no problems, although it helped that I was comfortable working on the bed. The bathroom is tucked away once you walk in and features a rain shower head and good water pressure and warm water. I also ate in the restaurant downstairs which was very good and will review in a separate post. Elevators were a little slow upon check in around 5 PM but otherwise no wait
bubble_50	Terrific time in NYC thanks to our stay at this Arlo hotel north of Madison Park. They call this NOMAD! We were NOMAD :-) we were YESHAPPY with our stay! Clean, friendly, and that restaurant Massoni was soooo good we had 2 meals there and are sure we saw some celebs! Breakfast had warm butter! we talked about it all the way home and loved the cool designer look! So NYC!!!  I hope we can do this trip again, and stay at this hotel! What a deal!
bubble_50	I was looking for an airbnb in the city, and then I remembered hotels exist. I found Arlo and the price was better than rooms in the area. The amenities are great, its hip without being overboard, the rooms are comfortable with great views. Everyone was super nice and having the little bodega downstairs was great late at night and early in the morning.
bubble_50	Of course the rooms are small, but it's New York! But when you walk in the staff are incredible (kudos to Liz and Zarif at the front desk who were peppy and welcoming at 11pm). Liz had me checked in in minutes while Zarif gave me a quick rundown of the restaurant and bar.   Rooms are compact and efficient - and flawless. Everything you need is well planned and organized. The perfect place to stay and easy drive in from Laguardia.   Elevators are smart - you select your floor from an electronic pad which then tells you which car to get in. No more pressing your floor - its preselected.   As I said the rooms are small - but why would you sit in your room when you're in the best city in the world? And if you need anything just ask Liz and Zarif!
bubble_50	This is a wonderful place to stay, especially if you can get a room with a view, or best of all with floor to ceiling windows. The staff was terrific and considerate. A special shoutout to Zarif, who went the extra mile -- I enjoyed talking theater with him!
bubble_50	Was given this 3 night trip to New York as an engagement gift and what a trip it was. Fantastic hotel in the heart of midtown, very chic, lovely touches throughout, very homely.  Special mention to Zarif who gave us a level of service that was exemplary. He ensured we felt comfortable at all times, was knowledgeable, accommodating and witty and even spoiled us with a bottle of fizz and hand written note to congratulate us  thank you for making things extra special, we will be spreading the good word for you and Arlo   Love Natalie and David
bubble_40	My husband and I visited the week before Christmas, without the children, just for some shopping and a snowy Christmas experience. Being from the South, where it was in the 70s, it was lovely to be walking the street of NYC near the hotel when it began to snow at 3am. The hotel rooms are very small, but clean. Its fine for a quick stay or one where you plan to be out and about most of the time. The walls are pretty thin, and we heard every door close, a lot of conversations, and housekeeping going about their day. However, the food was fantastic. The pizza was delicious, as was the ink pasta (I believe it was called). The location also offers great food right next door, and great bars and pubs nearby. We walked most places, including to some great shopping like Macys and BCBG.
bubble_50	Arrived with two daughters for our annual weekend stay, and our room was upgraded!  Room was beautiful (albeit smaller than expected), with gorgeous views.  Hotel was clean, service was wonderful (super helpful), location was  great and safe.  We'll definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	Just stayed at arlo nomad and can't fault it! Rooms are small but then you are in New York, so who's in their room for long! So clean and everything you need in the room is there!  Location is perfect and can't tell you how helpful reception was! From retrieving emails for me to explaining the subway system that wasn't going to beat me lol! Can't remember their names now but all very good! Hotel has a great atmosphere aswell, little bar and lounge to chill out in! Would def recommend.
bubble_40	Small footprint - but 31 floors.  Rooms small, but perfectly formed - mine was a Queen City with an impressive view of the Empire State Building.  Room well laid out - as it was small wouldn't want to spend too much time inside - but I wasn't in the city for that.  Air-con in the room was fairly noisy - luckily it was cold outside, so didn't need it. 2nd floor bar had a nice feel - including the terrace outside.  Pity the roof terrace was closed for the winter.  Staff were friendly throughout stay.
bubble_50	Everything about this hotel and staff was fantastic! The staff went above and beyond to create an above average ambiance. The room, although small ( like most hotels in the city) was absolutely beautiful. I don't remember all of the names, but Zarif and Jeanelle at the front desk were very accommodating. They helped us find our way to the subway system. My husband and I will definitely book another stay with the Arlo!
bubble_50	We had a room on the 25th floor with a city view for 6 days over New Year.  Our check in was efficient and speedy, the staff were welcoming, courteous and very helpful.  Our room was spotless, stylish and the bed was perfect for us.  I loved the design of the room, clean, unfussy lines, understated style. ( The interior design of the rest of the hotel is funky and understated as well.) The room was compact and like many comments before, there is little floor space between the end of the bed and the bedroom wall, however, this really was not a major problem at all.    The room was cosy and warm and the option to alter lighting, especially in the evening, against the back drop of the city lights through the floor to ceiling windows, was a treat.  We eat in the restaurant for
bubble_20	I get it- this is a micro hotel. (I've stayed at many micro hotels around the world. I love their lower prices, hip atmospheres, and generally great locations - perfect for the solo traveler, or well-traveled pair who won't be spending a lot of time in their room.) My mother and I fall into that second category. We are go-with-the-flow, seasoned travelers who don't ask for much when it comes to our accommodations with the exception of three things: a bathtub, a comfortable bed, and peace and quiet. Unfortunately, none of these needs were met, even after being promised several times a quiet room with a bathtub.   We stayed in 2409, a Queen ADA room on the 24th floor with no bathtub, located right beside the elevators. The bathroom was poorly designed- glass doors that offered
bubble_50	I loved my stay at the Arlo Nomad.  I had a Sky Queen room with wrap around floor-to-ceiling windows, and the view was amazing.  Without a doubt, one of the highlights of my trip was catching a NYC sunrise from the comforts of my hotel bed.  The second floor library/ bar lounge was really nice.  Fantastic vibe - chic, yet very cozy and relaxing.  The staff was excelelbt.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  The rooms are small.  It wasn't an issue for me at all, as I am willing to give up some space for the view.  However, for people who are concerned about space, I would recommend taking a look at the room layouts in advance, which they put on their website.
bubble_50	Very cool hotel in convenient location for events around MSG or Penn Station!!!!Great staff and amenities. Highly recommend if you need a hotel in that area. New trendy hotel, nice bar and rooftop bar. floor to ceiling windows provide great city views.
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel for 7 days and couldn't ask for an better experience. We got a Queen Room - Sky and the view was beautiful from sunrise to sunset. It is the perfect size for one or two people with all the basic accommodations you need (safe, desk, shower, closet space, queen bed, floor to ceiling windows, sun blocking shades, etc).   The hotel seats in the center of all things Manhattan, within minutes to the subway, Empire State Building and plenty of restaurants, bars and stores. As a photographer and urban explorers, it was perfect for our adventurous needs.   The staff was very kind and didn't hesitate when asked for help, suggestions or specific needs. Carlos Collado, the lobby host was the first to greet us and the last to say goodbye. He let us experience the
bubble_50	Absoulutely love this hotel . What is most interesting is that when you first walk in it does not give you the impression that its a hotel . At first , I thought it was a gallery or  library. Beautiful Decor and great music . Staff was amazing , always greeted us with smiles . Zack and Evelyn were very helpful in helping me change my flight details in the last minute . They even gave me free breakfast at their awesome restaurant Massoni. When I needed some help around the area they were able to answer all my questions and greet me by name . Felt like I was coming home after a long work day .  Thank you guys .     The rooms are a bit "cozy" but definetly have all the necessities . WIFI was free , breath taking views and best of all great service on my cell phone ( considering I
bubble_20	We took this room as we saw good reviews, we did realize it was not central but we though that we will get greater value. We were very disappointed to find that the room is extremely small. not suitable for us at all. we were with 3 large suitcases and we could not move inside the room form bed to shower.... I must say that the bed and shower were very good. we supposed to stay there 4 nights and we left after the 1st... Much too expensive to what you get. Maybe good for business 1-2 nights solo trips
bubble_50	As a frequent business traveler, I've seen my share of hotels,,,good and bad.  Recently got together with friends for an overnight in the Big Apple and stayed at the Arlo NoMad.  What a delight.  The hotel has all of the amenities that one would want.  It is reasonably priced.  And it has one of the friendliest staff that I've ever met.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights and we were very impressed!! The rooms are very clean but they are very small. It was just enough space for us. Besides, who wants to stay in their room while in New York? The music in the lobby was awesome, the staff were so welcoming and amazing, thanks Zarif!!! We had no issue with noise and the beds were really comfortable!! The next time we come back we will be staying here!!!
bubble_50	Stayed at the hotel for business and a one day holiday, I had the best stay ever. Not only was the receptionist (Elizabeth) amazingly helpfully, but she was courteous and polite - this made the check in so much more easier. She made sure I felt comfortable, had a huge smile on her face when she greeted us and also gave us free coupons for drinks in the bar and a free cup of coffee from the bodega! After we had settled in to the room, she also gave us a quick ring to make sure it was suited to our needs. The hotel itself is, how can I describe this, for the cool kids - it has an amazing decor throughout the reception, bar, lounge and the rooms. They played good music in the reception, no awkward silences and no off tune/never heard of 90s music. Amenities in the hotel room were
bubble_50	Stayed in NY for a week on my own doing some work and thought I'd try this new comer and was so delighted.   Booked in advance and received a good opening special rate. Warmly greeted by Jeanell R who explained all the workings of the hotel and facilities.   I had a room looking up to the Empire State Building which was small but so efficiently designed I could have stayed a month. Very well thought out with the safe in a drawer under the bed, clever lighting and the shower/WC and vanity combined with the entry hall. There seemed to be a spot for everything.   Dining downstairs was great and there are a couple of very cool spaces where you can work, relax or have a drink at the bar. There's an outdoor bar area which looked like fun but that wasn't open yet.   Location is
bubble_50	I am usually not the type to write reviews but I have to say that Arlo Nomad is definitely the "New Go To Spot " everyone was so helpful and  thoughtful. Evelyn at the front desk was able to give us some hot spots in Brooklyn for us to visit and even helped us arrange shuttle service back to the airport .      The hotel is brand new with an Italian restaurant inside . Marvin was awesome in giving us menu recommendations. Their second level bar was great especially because I was able to work late night from their studio located right across . Nothing better than to sit back with a glass of wine and catch up on some work.        Thank you for making our stay enjoyable and we will be back in the summer for your roof top bar.
bubble_50	Amazing experience@ARLO NOMAD! You really have to try it because of its incredible atmosphere! Because of the high aesthetic of its decoration! Because of the full window viem to the Empire State Builduing! Because of the so convenient neighborhood it is situated! Because of the tasty and with a touch of modernism Massoni's italian kitchen! But most of all...because of its super kind, helpful and always smiley staff. Hotels are not only walls or beds. They are mostly their staff; CARLOS, JACQUES and KOSTAS really are the face of Arlo Nomad. And they are the most perfectly well educated, respectful, generous, easygoing, cool and positive face a hotel could have!
bubble_50	I was booking my hotel for my 2 year anniversary. Fortunately I called the hotel before online booking and was accommodated with 5 star service by Carlos. He was kind enough to upgrade my room for free to a beautiful view as well as a complimentary mornings breakfast. I would definitely book through here again with his help!
bubble_40	We stayed only for one night following a delayed flight and a forced overnight stay in NY. It was the best $149 I spent on my trip. The hotel was very warm and welcoming and front office employees great. After spending one whole day in an airport waiting for American Airlines to get their act together and endless arguments with the hopeless stuff both in Cancun and NY, we decided to look for a hotel ourselves for the night and we were so relieved when we finally made it to inviting and welcoming Arlo Nomad at 3 in the morning. Service was excellent. The room was small (but it is Manhattan!) but cosy with a shower, hairdryer, iron, conditioner, safe etc and a comfortable bed. Nothing was missing.  The hotel is centrally located very near the Empire State Building. Front office
bubble_50	Being a travel agent and customising to niche markets and traveling around the world, Arlo nomad hotel was an excellent choice! The service was epic but above all Mr. Carlos Collado at reception was attentive and provided the 'white glove service' which I was looking for! He really made the difference to my stay through his professionalism and attention to detail. I would like to say a big thank you to all the staff but especially to Mr. Carlos Collado for making the difference and going above and beyond. He has certainly gained a repeat client when I'm in town again even for leisure! The hotel has great ambience and style.
bubble_50	Service was excellent .. Front desk Carlos collado was most helpful with all information needed. Regarding NYC. I highly recommend this hotel if you are visiting town .. Wonderful experience!  Arlo Nomad thank you
bubble_50	Had a great view of the Empire State Building. The room is the perfect size for a NY trip. Everything is super modern and brand new. The customer service was really great and even recommended places to see while visiting.
bubble_50	This is one of the best hotel I've ever been! Room was awesome. I booked queen room sky (little more expensive than the normal room but I want to make sure I get the best view and I did!!). I got 28th floor (out of 31) and the view was really beautiful to the point I spent most of my time in hotel. *Not sure about the view of other room, but I suggest you take the 'sky' room if you're here for the view.  Zarif, the receptionist was really friendly. I came around 1pm and he let me checked in (earlier than it should be). He made sure that everything's great and whether I like my room or not.  The room is indeed a little bit small, fits perfectly for solo traveler like me - but I think it's still worth it for couples.
bubble_50	My stay at the Arlo Nomad was, to put it simply, amazing!!! The room was perfect, Very comfortable with an amazing view. The staff was friendly beyond belief. The food was perfect. The director of the front office Cordell was incredibly helpful. Always asking how our trip was going and even providing us with a car service to catch our flight. I will be visiting again!!!
bubble_40	The rooms are very small, but nice and with all the necessary things. There is a receptionist (Carlos) is really nice and helps us a lot on finding restaurants, basketball tickets, etc. We had the New year's eve dinner at the restaurant in the hotel, was really expensive and the food/menu wasn't good... (they had pizza and pasta for that dinner...for 150$/person) The location is really good, 1-2' from Empire State building and really close to Penn Station and Madison Square garden.
bubble_50	This hotel is truly a hidden gem! Because there were no official photos of the bunk room we were sceptical and expected it to be unbearably small- we were pleasantly surprised! The room is bigger than we expected and fit both our cases and us comfortably. There is a desk and chair also. The beds are great they are not your standard bunk beds but larger, more like full sized single beds with very thick mattresses stacked on top of each other. You get two thick soft pillows each too and proper thick quilts to keep you warm in the winter. Lots of plugs in helpful places closes to both beds which is always a bonus! The bathroom is fantastic it is big with a separate shower and toilet- the walk in shower is huge, really powerful and plentiful hot water. The only annoying thing is the
bubble_50	Upon walking into the Arlo Nomad I instantly loved the energy. From the 24 hour Bodega offering snacks to the friendly staff who always greeted with a smile, I felt nothing but welcomed during my stay. Everyone was so nice and accommodating, especially Cordell the Director of the front office. He always made sure we had everything we needed and asked everyday, "How did you spend your day in New York". I could tell he has a passion for working in hospitality and for people. In the restaurant, Mike and Marvin always made sure our food was nothing less than spectacular. Overall, if you are looking for a beautiful view in the city to wake up to, the Arlo Nomad is where you can get everything you're looking for and more!
bubble_50	Took my daughter for our annual Christmas visit into NYC.  We both loved this new hotel. The public spaces are very cool. The room was NYC small but well designed. We had a great south facing view of my old home, The Madison Belvedere apartment building.   Staff was delightful.  Avocado toast and breakfast sandwich from the bodega were both delicious.  We will definitely be staying here in the future.
bubble_50	1) staff - very helpful and polite and always willing to help. Samples delivered to my room efficiently and quickly and at no charge. Special thanks to CARLOS at reception who was always very helpful, kind and courteous  2) room - the room is small but then you know that before booking it, however it is very well laid out and if you put your suitcases under the bed then there's plenty of space. The room is also well lit and extremely bright. If there's two of you and you weigh above 15 stones each I would try and book a bigger room as you won't fit in the room or the bed.   3) location - walking distance from most places you'd want to visit in New York. Location is absolutely brilliant. Also go up to the roof top bar, it has Amazon views including a glass floor.   I would
bubble_50	First of all let me tell you about the staff, AMAZING!!!  We arrived early so we knew they would hold our luggage until check in time but what I didn't expect was Zarif.. We told him we were early and wanted to check our luggage so we could go walk around Midtown. We told him we were there to celebrate my daughter's 18th birthday and said let me check on your room.  He said I have a room available now and I had requested a Queen Skybox room because of the view.  Zarif said, I do not have one available now but we should have one shortly.  I gave him my cell number and within an hour or so I received a call from Zarif stating he had our room available and what time could he expect us to return to the hotel.  I told him within an hour and he said great we'll see you two then.
bubble_50	Had the pleasure of staying at the Arlo NoMad in late December, 2016. The hotel has a very cool vibe about it - the music playing in the public spaces, the dcor, the second floor lounges, the roof top and the furnishings and finishes of the rooms (small, but well appointed with a very clever use of space - and a great shower). The staff was always helpful and I want to especially acknowledge the service and kindness received from Zarif at the front desk. The first floor bodega serves bagels, muffins, pizza - all good. There is also a very good Italian restaurant on the first floor.
bubble_50	We travelled to NYC to see family over Christmas and ended up booking this as part of a two hotel trip before it had opened on a bit of a whim - we were not disappointed! We checked into our Queen Urban room and despite it being on the small size, the one remarkable difference from the other hotel we had stayed (the Ace hotel) was the amount of natural daylight and thoughtful layout of the room; if you are a light packer and only staying a few days then this room would be ideal. Really clever use of space in the room; Instead of a bulky ironing facilities, there was a handheld steamer, and instead of internal doors for the shower room, a neat curtain that was effective and maximised the shower space (which was great as the shower was not only hot but just the right amount of
bubble_50	We booked the Arlo Nomad after our Air BnB booking was cancelled. The hotel had not been finished when we booked but looking at where it was located and the price we took a gamble and booked it anyway.  We could not fault the location of this hotel just around the corner from the Empire State Building. We were about a 5 minute walk from Macy's and the other way down the street was the Flat Iron Building. Our room was on the 25th floor and had an amazing view of the Empire State Building. The room itself was not huge but as we did not spend huge amounts of time in the room it did not concern us. Everything had a modern design and the bed was super comfortable. There was two huge windows which gave us panoramic views from our bed. The shower temperature did fluctuate in
bubble_50	I'm currently travelling to New York fairly frequently, so I'm generally on the lookout for new and interesting places to stay the really make the most of New York's vibe and are a great experience, while also being functional and satisfying my business utility type of needs.  Simply put, Arlo Nomad is awesome and has quickly become one of my favourite go-to places to stay. The service is exceptional and a rare blend of warm and welcoming with outstanding professionalism and and attention to detail.  I was lucky enough to get a room on the 27th floor, and while heights isn't really my thing, the view at pretty much any time of the day, was (in my case literally) breathtaking.   One of the main things I enjoy and why I am likely to keep going back is that Arlo makes incredibly
bubble_40	We have spent 6 days with my wife in NY between christmas and New Year. Arlo Nomad offered an amazing location in the heart of Manhattan. Everything was easily accessible even walking. Rooms are quite small with very limited storage but very clean and confortable. Service was always good and the Massoni restaurant is a must-try.
bubble_50	I only stayed here for two nights, but wish it had been longer. I stayed in a Sky Room (Queen), and although the room is very small it is beautifully appointed with everything you might need. It has a great shower, although it difficult not to get water everywhere as there is no door, they provide a hair dryer, clothes steamer and lovely bath products.  This is a really cool, modern hotel that has a great area for setting up your computer to do some work and have a coffee, it has a 24 hour bodega in the lobby and a great bar upstairs. The staff were all really friendly and helpful,in fact 15 minutes after arriving in our room I got a call from Jeanell, who checked us in, to see if we were happy with our room and if there was anything she could get us.  If you want a massive
bubble_50	As i said, it is a very special hotel, so i would defenitly recoment it very highly. it has a great liocation. the rooms are small, but very efficient with beautiful details. And the staff is very welcoming and friendly. Thanks for such a beautiful stay :-)
bubble_50	We stayed here from 14th to 18th December 2016. We had a skyline room and the views were amazing. The room wasn't very big but it was immaculately clean, the staff were really friendly and extremely helpful. They helped us out with my daughter's friend and temporarily storing his suitcases, we were so grateful. It's near the Empire State building and 5 minutes from Macy's, great location. We also had dinner in the hotel one night, it was a little noisy but the food was lovely and the service was excellent. We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it.
bubble_30	We got a Sky room King (king bed with a corner window view)  Front desk staff: haphazard at times (what did you bags look like again? asked the bellhop who came back with different tags to the ones we handed to him - not sure how on earth this was possible), but amazing at times as well (umbrella? universal plug adapter? local phone calls? no problem. Always polite. always available.)  Rooms: TINY. I'm a small person who's stayed in small European and Japanese rooms before. But when I say this room is tiny, I mean TINY. Bed is huge, which is nice, but literally right up against the window with no space to walk around it (climb over your partner if you're sleeping on the window end). 2 large suitcases? Be prepared to climb over them when open. One chair, so the other person will
bubble_40	Great view looking north from the 29th floor room, including the nearby Empire State Building. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly. It is a clean, new, stylish hotel with a good area to sit and relax near the bar.  The small rooms are mostly well designed but the television does stick out a long way into a narrow gap at the end of the bed - take shoulder pads or a helmet as you are likely to knock into it.  Some people complained about the long wait for the elevator. Perhaps we were just lucky but we rarely waited more than a minute.    The bar, cafe and restaurant are quite expensive but given the Midtown location between 5th and Madison there were no shortage of local alternatives for food and drink. The Bread and Butter on the corner of 31st and 5th is good for a cheap
bubble_50	Great hotel for the price! Beautifully designed & super clean. Yes, the rooms are small, but they have everything you need. The staff bent of backward to make my daughter's 15th birthday a dream come true. I will stay here next time I'm in NYC.
bubble_50	"Have you stayed with us before?" "No..." "No one has, we've only been open a month!"  That friendly encounter explains why there are relatively few reviews for the Arlo NoMad, but it will get popular quickly. The hotel is nicely appointed, great location for visitors, smartly arranged. We got one of the bunk bed rooms, which was new to me, but really worked out well. It gave my niece and me each a sense of our own space and freed up the rest of the otherwise small room. It actually felt like the room could use another piece of furniture (maybe a comfy chair?) because the space was so open. The location was great for a few reasons: as others have mentioned, proximity to the Empire State Building (especially if you visit at night-- highly recommend!); walking distance to Penn
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed for five nights over Christmas.  Arlo NoMad is an excellent hotel that I would both return to and recommend to others.  The best thing about this hotel was definitely the staff - they are exceptional, and every interaction was perfect.  Another great feature is the location - we really enjoyed the area, and it's convenient for access to the subway and is walking distance to many restaurants, shops and sights.  Being able to walk to dinner was a huge plus for me.  Regarding the hotel - we really enjoyed the common rooms on the 2nd floor - both the sitting room and the library.  We brought our take-out to the dark sitting room on a couple of occasions, and were surprisingly all alone.  I don't think too many people have discovered this room!  My husband
bubble_50	We stayed over the Christmas weekend and decided to take a risk on the Arlo (we usually stay nearby at a more traditional hotel but were curious about "micro-rooms"), and didn't regret our choice at all.  The staff was extremely nice and helpful, they were really good.  The location can't be beat, steps away from tons of restaurants and mid-town Manhattan.  The rooms are, well, micro.  We knew that going in so it wasn't a surprise that the sink was part of the entryway rather than in a separate bathroom. The shower was large and comfortable too.   Sure, it got dicey for me to go to my side of the queen bed b/c I only had about 8 inches between the front of the bed and the wall with the TV, and both sides of the bed had power plugs, but only one side had a space for you to put
bubble_50	Service was fantastic, views from our hotel was beautiful,  and the food from MASSONI restaurant was delicious!  Its a great clean hotel with a tony house feel. So the rooms are on the small side but perfect for our needs.  If youre looking for a nice clean friendly stay in the great apple give the Arlo NoMad a look.
bubble_20	Rooms were just large enough to fit a bed.  If it is a king bed, three sides are tight against the walls.  Not big enough for two people.  Elevators needed repair.  Hot water control was faulty and we were told it was being replaced.  We were given another room same size as the original, but with a smaller bed so there was about a foot of walking space around one side.  One good point: great location.
bubble_50	I stayed for five days at the Arlo NoMad and it was one of my best hotel experiences in NYC. The room is small but efficient with the space. It's well designed and the big windows make for nice views of the surrounding skyline. The folks at the front desk were very friendly and the bar was comfortable. The location is very convenient. It's perfect for the solo traveller and couples who like close quarters. I hope to stay here again.
bubble_50	Cosy room in a great location. Lobby looks great, & room's better! Everyone are so friendly! But nothing could have made our Christmas & stay any better without the excellent hospitality from Carlos, the lobby host! He's extremely helpful & efficient, and made our Christmas so special by providing us a room with an amazinggggggg view. It also makes the hotel more hea rtwarming having him show us around the place & even to our room. He even dropped us a note just to make sure everything is fine during our stay. Thank you Carlos! Keep up the amazing attitude & keep smiling :)
bubble_50	This hotel is in a perfect location in Midtown Manhattan as well as having the best staff in New York! Carlos the lobby host will go to every length to make you feel at home, I have never met a more helpful and nicer staff member! The rooms are very modern and tidy, can't recommend enough!
bubble_50	A hidden gem in NYC. Absolutely a great find with conveient and awesome amenities  in a prime location. Hotel atmosphere and staff are warm, inviting and friendly. Our hotel room was teeny tiny, but with smart and contemporary design of the room, we had plenty of storage space and did not feel claustraphobic. Shower in the room was great; something we looked forward to, after hours of walking in the cold winter weather of NY. No doubt this hotel will gain popularity very soon with predictability of rising prices :( but we were blessed to find this hotel under $250 per night in prime location during Christmas season. Only disappointment was bars closing before midnight, based on occupancy of customers. Hotel is literally steps away from iconic Empire State building and few blocks
bubble_50	I've just returned from a solo trip to NYC and a stay at the Arlo Nomad and I couldn't fault it. From the moment I checked in to the minute I left, every member of staff I encountered were courteous and polite and couldn't have been more helpful. Even though I was grumpy on check in from a headache and the long flight, it didn't stop them giving me first class service.   Previous reviews have mentioned the size of the rooms and whilst they are on the small size, I wouldn't say that wouldn't stop me staying again. You don't go to New York for the hotel stay! Saying that, the rooms were comfortable, clean and the shower was fabulous! The room also come with a powerful hairdryer something that usually let's you down in a hotel stay especially with thick hair but that wasn't a
bubble_50	I stayed for 6 nights at this new hotel with my boyfriend. Carlos, the lobby host went above and beyond to ensure that we had the best stay. From room upgrades to free drinks vouchers and a card we couldn't have felt more looked after during our stay. We will definitely be back!
bubble_40	The staff was very welcoming and assisted whenever I had a question or concern so 5 stars to them.  The lobby cafe counter offered my morning espresso and bagel (also served lunch style food later) so I did not have to venture out and fight the December shopping/tourist crowds.  The lounge area was one floor up which felt a bit removed when it was empty. I would also replace the sitting chairs here as the seat cushions were too deep so it made sitting comfortably almost impossible. A stark contract to the welcoming lounge and chairs at their other hotel location near Hudson Square and Soho.  My initial room was the bunk bed room which was very comfortable except for its location next to the bank of elevators so you would hear the elevator dings from several floors all day/night.
bubble_40	This hotel is really good. It has a little bit of everything; nice lounge area, restaurant/bar and good rooms. The rooms are tiny but well appointed (excellent beds and shower) I don't give it 5 stars because it is so noisy all around and it is difficult to sleep at night, the furnace is loud and there is noise coming from the street constantly, if you don't mind the noise this is the perfect place cause it is a gorgeous hotel with outstanding service in the middle of everything
bubble_50	I LOVED EVERYTHING about this hotel! The staff was super helpful and friendly, the room was absolutely stunning, and the food and coffee downstairs in the bodega was amazing. The room size was just perfect. They make up for size in the design and layout. I never felt cramped.  I can't wait to come back here and stay again. Make sure to try the pizza and the cornbread blueberry muffins!
bubble_50	Efficient use of a small room with all the amenities you need. Comfy bed and great shower. Though to chilly to spend time on rooftop terrace, I took a quick look and thought it would be a fun place to be with glass of wine and friends! Beautiful view of Empire State. And you can test your mettle by walking on the small glass insert placed on the side of the terrace. You can peer down to  the sidewalk 31 floors down. There are also cozy common areas to sit and chat or to catch up on your emails.
bubble_50	Great hotel. Terrific staff, bars, food and service. Definitely will be back again. Location fantastic and deco tops. Rooms small but really well designed with lots of storage options. Funky, fun, hip. Walk to Central Park, highline, broadway and Chelsea.
bubble_50	Stayed here over the weekend and have nothing but great things to say about the experience. Staff and service was fantastic, location is near plenty of restaurants and other attractions, and the rooms were modern and well-furnished with great city views. The rooms are on the smaller side, so the hotel is probably best for couples or solo stays.
bubble_50	We had the pleasure of staying over this past weekend. The staff were wonderful people - engaging, attentive, and courteous.  We spent a few minutes talking to an employee named Samson, who told us about the upcoming plans for a rooftop bar which we will definitely be back for! The rooms are cozy but definitely manageable. ! The shower was piping hot and the beds were super comfortable. The room we stayed in was at the end of the hall so we had a great view of the city. The blackout shades were motorized so my wife was able to sleep late without any issue. The hotel does not have a gym, but the staff were nice enough to offer me a free guest pass to New York Sports Club nearby.  The hotel coffee bar was great, we were able to get drinks and hang out on comfy chairs in the lobby
bubble_20	Very surprised to get in the room to find no closet, not even a table the rooms are unbearably small. They have one working elevator for 31 floors. The lobby and restaurant look nice but if you're trying to enjoy you're own space don't bother. Pray that I make it through this weekend. I know five other hotels that would have been cheaper and much bigger rooms..
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights this December and I couldn't recommend this hotel enough. The staff are so friendly and helpful, every staff member you come across is pleasant and willing to help. The room was very clean and tidy. It isn't open yet with a bar, but go to the roof and thank me later, the view will blow you away!
bubble_30	My favorite hotel in NYC was fully booked so I had to find an alternative close to the train station.  Arlo Nomad is about 10 minutes away from the Penn station and very close to the Empire State building as well.  So location-wise it was perfect for us.    Staff is very helpful. Our check-in process was slow but I don't think it was receptionist's fault.   The room was tiny and that was not all that surprising going to NYC.  It was slightly difficult to manage two people.  But for a day or two it is tolerable.    Things that I did not like about this hotel are: - Elevators are extremely slow - No coffee in the room.   - Ticking clock right in your ear that you can't turn off - Severe water temperature variation during showering - Super thin toilet paper that is only used at
bubble_40	Had a great four days at the hotel staff fantastic and really friendly. The restaurant is a must had dinner and breakfast both really good. Rooms are a little compact but spends time in their room when in NYC
bubble_50	We were two couples staying at the Arlo for the first time.  We were extremely happy with the hotel and its staff.  From the moment we stepped into the hotel we felt we were welcome and our staying was to be enjoyable and they want you to come back.  I also felt that management is on top of things with its staff and has very good vision on what Arlo stands for.  The elevators are also the fastest I have experienced in hotels so you never have to wait for a long time.  The whole visit was enjoyable and we cant wait to visit N.Y again and staying at Arlo Nomad.
bubble_50	This hotel is very central for exploring Manhattan. Times Square and Broadway are an easy walk and the subway isn't too far for places further away. The staff was exceptional and the rooms very comfortable despite their small size (pretty standard for New York). The shower was like a waterfall which was very nice as well. The view from the room and rooftop was fantastic. I'll be staying here again!
bubble_30	The hotel is in a good area and is well served by a number of nice bars and restaurants serving a wide range of food.  We arrived and were efficiently checked in by very professional front desk staff. The lobby and bar area of this hotel look really modern and stylish and set a vibrant tone for the hotel.  Unfortunately the rooms are so small that all of the positive feelings you have from downstairs soon leave. Our room, a king with sky view was barely big enough for 2 adults to comfortably around without knocking into each other. Whilst there is some hanging space there is no space to unpack you case, so most of your clothes have to sit in the case under the bed, ok if your here for 1 or 2 nights but not longer. This feels like a single in which they managed to squeeze a king
bubble_40	We arrived early at Arlo Nomad around 10.30am on the day of our check in - the hotel is very stylish and cozy. The lobby is on the smaller side but works well. Luckily our room was ready so we were able to check in early which after a 15hour flight was heavenly! The rooms are small but work well with lots of smart storage. The staff are all very helpful and very smily! One gentleman in particular - the evening security man is very friendly! The hotel is perfectly located with easy access to the metro & near by shops. The only disappointment was that the roof terrace wasn't open. Overall a great trip - we will be returning very soon!
bubble_50	The Arlo hotel has a great location! The interior and atmosphere is very modern and stylish. The restaurant at the hotel, Massoni, is amazing. The food and service is very good, very recommendable, not only for hotel guests, but for a nice evening out with family and friends.
bubble_50	Cannot speak highly enough of the hotel, having only recently opened. We stayed over the thanksgiving weekend the staff could not do enough to help. The rooms, while not huge (as you'd expect in Manhattan) were well presented and there were some great views of the city. One thing I would change, given the chance, would be the bathroom doors, but that's just me being picky. Highly recommend the Arlo Nomad for either business or pleasure, really is a great hotel
bubble_40	When I stayed there the hotel was just opened (2 weeks ago), we got the queen room. Staff are very friendly. Room is very clean and tidy,But small (I bumped into the TV several times), there is no isolation in the rooms (I can hear sounds from the other rooms). I would definitely stay again given that the prices did not change.
bubble_50	This hotel was opened in October according to the chap on the front desk.  I booked a sky room which has a great view from floor 25 but I am not convinced it was worth paying extra. The floor to ceiling glass is great. I believe all the rooms are the same size (about 160sq ft).  It is small and for 2 people probably too small but for 1 on a business trip it was ideal.   Good internet, good shower, good AC, 42in TV, good lighting. There is a clothes steamer instead of an iron which is fun.  A few minor issues - the lifts are slow, the rooftop bar was closed (due to winter), there is no gym, noise insulation is not great.
bubble_50	We were in a high floor, corner room, and the views were spectacular.  It was like sleeping in a crystal box.  The room was not large, but that's the concept and beautifully designed.   The staff couldn't not have been more friendly and welcoming.  Massoni restaurant, by celb chef Dale Talde, was super yummy.  Don't miss the pizza if you like the burnt cheese on French onion soup.
bubble_50	We had a two night stay at Arlo Nomad with two children. The rooms are amazingly efficient. The open layout of the bathroom and amazing views give airy open quality to what would be a compact room in any other hotel. The public spaces, especially those on the second floor are amazing, inviting and comfortable.   Having stayed in many a midtown hotel I would have to give Arlo Nomad five stars based on location alone. Literally at the midway between Penn Station and Grand Central, stones throw from Empire State building, right in the middle of Korea town.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Arlo for our one year wedding anniversary. As soon as we walked the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. I have to say this was a theme throughout our stay. We were impressed by the consistent attentiveness and genuineness of everyone working at the front desk, in the lobby bodega and at Massoni (the restaurant on the main floor). The staff even surprised us with anniversary cupcakes once we'd settled in. Great personal touch!  The room was a very cleverly laid out and comfortable despite it's tiny size. I'd say it's ideally suited to a single traveller, but we managed to have a lovely anniversary night nonetheless.   What sets the Arlo apart is the style and quality of its amenities. We had some of the best pizza we've ever had at the lobby
bubble_40	I stayed on business and as a woman traveling alone I never felt safer. Gorgeous hotel, yes the rooms are small but every single inch has been thoughtfully designed and serves a purpose. I stayed in room 2404 with a beautiful view. The room was spotless and very comfortable. The bed and shower are incredible! But whoever designed the shower should have put a larger door on it because water sprayed everywhere outside the shower and made a huge mess.  There are a few personal touches that are missing would be appreciated like a bottle of water in the room and a simple continental breakfast included would be nice as well. The front desk staff is amazing and the location is steps from Empire State and Flatiron building. I cannot wait to return for longer next time!
bubble_50	Clean, modern rooms with breathtaking mid-city views. Did I mention the floor-to-ceiling windows in the guest rooms? An incredible feeling from our 29th floor room - it almost felt like we were suspended over the city as we lay in bed. Well-appointed and comfortable public spaces in the lobby, bars, Urban Lodge and Rooftop - the glass-bottom overlook is not for the faint of heart. Staff was incredibly kind and helpful. Central location within walking distance to Bryant Park, Times Square, Penn Station, Grand Central, Madison Square Park and Union Square (to name a few).
bubble_50	Amazingly efficient and functional design with a great layout in the rooms.  One night business trip that offered everything I needed in a well designed room with exceptional value.  Public spaces are great and inviting for any needs.
bubble_50	Entering the hotel lobby my wife and I were kindly welcomed by the staff. The entire hotel is very thoughtfully decorated and furnished to give a welcoming feel. We had a corner room on the 28th floor with a great view of the City. In the morning we were able to see the sunrise, which was a welcome surprise. The room was very compact, but didn't feel claustrophobic at all. All amenities and storage places are hidden and easily accessible. Perhaps the best part about our room was the fact that even though it was compact, there bathroom was still pretty spacious. The bar downstairs offers a wide variety of drinks and cocktails, and all bartenders are very knowledgeable and welcoming. Breakfast was one of the things my wife and I enjoyed the most, as it offered various gourmet
bubble_50	I spent three nights in the Arlo NoMad with my boyfriend and we had a great time! We were greeted by friendly staff and received amazing service. The room we stayed in was small, but had everything we needed - desk and chair, hair dryer, steamer, bedside table, storage space for clothes and a secure safe, and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. We were treated to complimentary breakfast each morning. Not only was the menu very diverse, but everything tasted amazing! The hotel also offers a rooftop space, which has great views of the Empire State Building (and is especially beautiful at sunset). We enjoyed hanging out in the common areas around the NoMad location, including the study room which has lots of space for people to work/hang out/nap. I will definitely
bubble_50	I stayed in the Arlo NoMad for a few nights with some friends as a staycation. We either live in Brooklyn or Hoboken, and it was really nice to be closer to each other and spend more than an hour or two after work together. Since we all work in Midtown, we could enjoy a nice breakfast before work together and walk to work!  The rooms were great - the floor to ceiling windows and high ceilings really open up the room and make it feel less small. But really, the room was the perfect size for what anyone would need in a stay in NYC. There is plenty of space to tuck away luggage and hang away clothes, and it was a really nice touch to have a steamer for my clothes! The multiple outlets and bluetooth speaker/alarm clock were also great additions.   All of the common spaces are
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed at Arlo Nomad for 2 nights. The rooms are small but have everything you need. The best part is the view! Floor to ceiling windows with spectacular views of the city. If you're looking for a nice clean hotel with a comfortable bed and nice bathroom/ shower, this is the place to go. The rooms don't have nightstands,dressers, or a desk and is ideal for a night or two in my opinion.
bubble_50	The Arlo Nomad is located centrally with an easy walk to the Empire State Building, and Penn Station, and a healthy walk to Grand Central, Bryant Park, even Time Square as well as a quick subway ride up to the Upper West side and Central Park.  Nano small but hip rooms which no one hangs in anyway. Vittorio the night manager was on it, and the cool common space to hang, work, meet, grab a coffee or an often yearned for drink are drawvards.  The roof deck bar has amazing views and the Joes Coffee is worth the wait...the hand crafted delicious looking toffee chocolate bars were tempting but at $6.75, couldn't take the plunge... still dreaming of them, so perhaps a good reason to return!-P
bubble_50	There is something special about a hotel that feels like home when you walk in.  Where you can check in quickly, drop your bags in your room and head downstairs to meet new people while you work from your laptop plugged in to the well placed outlets.  Spent two days on business, stayed in the queen room with an amazing view of the empire state building.  Convenient to midtown and downtown for business, and fifth avenue make it equally accessible to east side and westside.    And, don't miss a trip to the roof top. Incredible 360 degree views of manhattan, empire state building, brooklyn and queens. 31 stories high they created an incredible 'view from above' experience where you can stand on glass floor watching the city move beneath your feet.  Day or night its an exhilarating
bubble_50	Beautiful modern rooms and excellent food. Common spaces and the Library are great for spending time with friends. Massoni Bistro has a great selection of warm comfort food when you want to grab something quick, and the Massoni restaurant has a delicious brunch menu.
bubble_50	Great stay at this new micro hotel in a fantastic central location in Midtown Manhattan.  I loved the room set up for a business traveler with a compact hotel room and outlets and technology available at every corner.  The bed was incredibly comfortable and offered cool views of the city outside.    The common space was fantastic for a drink or bite after work, and I found the staff to be 110% friendly, warm, and accommodating at every move!   I havent even mentioned yet that the Hotel breakfast at Massoni must be some of the very best of the city!  Cannot wait for the Rooftop to re-open in the Spring - you are literally staring directly at the Empire State Building from up there!    I was fortunate enough to meet some of the hotels leaders while staying there - Maggie, John,
bubble_50	Where do I start? Between the warm hospitality, menus that leave you in indecisiveness (due to too many delicious options to choose from), the beautiful interior design of the lobby/restaurant/rooftop/studio space, and the music selection that brings me back to the 90's: I'll be staying here again and again when in NYC! If you have not already checked this place out, do yourself a favor and book a room at my new favorite spot in the big apple.
bubble_50	If you're going to be in Manhattan treat yourself to a stay at the new Arlo hotel in MoMad. Not only will you LOVE the location, you will be saturated with excellent service from the moment you enter the lobby. Their carefully curated micro rooms do not trade luxury for size, and come with gorgeous views seen through walls of floor to ceiling glass. All of which are augmented by comfy beds, luxurious linens, smart TV's, luxury baths and ingeniously prudent "micro" touches everywhere, making your room experience unique and special - what every business traveler hopes for, but can never find. The rooftop bar -which opens in spring 2017 is spell binding (look for the unique glass floor), and the public spaces are a perfect juxtaposition of hip, modern well fixed comfort. You will
bubble_50	The hotel staff was very friendly and hospitable. They were always making sure I had whatever needed to make my stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. Amenities were high quality and beds were immaculate.   Beautifully designed with a fun energy throughout the spaces.
bubble_50	It takes some adjustment to the scale of the room, but plenty of inviting common areas and bars to hang out in, looks very comfortable. perfect for biz travel or cool couples. Decor very modern and functional; staff super friendly. Can't wait for the restaurant to open in a couple of weeks; meanwhile, b'fast was delicious, we tried several options. Amazing views from room (I was upper floor), rooftop bar. Lobby snack bar looked enticing, we had great soup.
bubble_50	ARLO a young, hip, modern, cozy getaway. With Incredible food, drinks and views.  Centrally located in the heart of Manhattan.  Steps away from all that NYC can provide but the place is so cozy and fun you don't need to go anywhere you are the destination.  Tell your friends or business colleges to come to you to eat, drink or lounge with your.  I didn't want to leave I wish there was an Arlo I can live at!
bubble_50	I had a great 2 night stay at the ARLO NoMad.  The location is ideal for a NYC stay with buzzing K Town restaurants feet away, Empire State Building around the corner and a short hop to Broadway where I saw a show at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater.  While the rooms at Arlo are on the small side, the finishes and bed were amazing and the room very functional for a business traveler stay and workable for a couple.   The staff was a delight at all times morning and night and the unique food & beverage set up was awesome.  Bar off the lobby was intimate and inviting with a cool design and the library on the second floor was peaceful and comforting.  I felt like I was in the loft study of a rich uncle in SOHO.  I would return with open arms for business or pleasure.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Arlo NoMad this past weekend, and had an amazing experience from start to finish. The staff at the reception desk were extremely helpful and kind, the room was modern and chic with large flat screen Smart TV's, and the views from the room and rooftop were unbeatable. The hotel is minutes from the Empire State Building, and you can see it very clearly from the rooftop (great photo op too!). The breakfast was delicious, with unique and healthy choices and kind waitstaff. I'll definitely be staying here again.
bubble_50	This hotel with small but highly functional room with quality finishes, all the amenities you need and great service is perfect for the solo business traveler.  Why not save some money in exchange for a smaller room that you will not be spending much time in anyway? There are phenomenal common areas including a wonderful 2nd floor library with great tables, chairs, couches and wifi.  The bar and restaurant are excellent and the roof is very cool. This well located hotel will be my choice for the NYC business travel needs of my clients and guests.
bubble_50	We had a truly wonderful stay at this ultra chic hotel.  Great decor, service and stunning views in our room made our lovely stay an experience I will never forget!  The bar has really good drinks and the restaurant has fantastic food - the menu has something for everyone and all made with care and excellent ingredients.   There is plenty of interesting areas to lounge in and a roof deck bar that will be a favorite place form et share drinks with friends.
bubble_50	While the rooms are purposefully on the smaller size, it was the only thing about this experience that was little.  The common areas are spacious and inviting and the staff was always accommodating and warm.   The views of mid-town New York City are spectacular. One wakes with an invitation to head out and tackle your own New York adventure or to fall asleep to the twinkling lights of the city.  Do yourself a big favor and go have breakfast downstairs.  From the coconut oil/brown butter syrup that accompanies the fluffy polenta pancakes, to the hearty breakfast pizza, and the satisfying avocado toast, to the tasty chicken sausage, we wondered if there is a single thing on the menu that wasn't delicious?  Happily we  decided that everything was divine.  Korea Town has long been
bubble_50	This new hotel in NoMad is perfectly located and extremely hip for its price.  They have great food that is surprisingly addictive and quality.  The bar is a cozy place to hang even if your not staying st the hotel with a deep selection of whiskey.  The staff is young and attentive and ensures a pleasant stay.  Very accommodating when I needed a few extras for our dinner celebration.  Several private rooms make for a a great meeting room or private large dinner.   Arlo is a great new addition to NoMad.
bubble_50	Stayed at the new hotel that just opened in NoMad, called Arlo.  From the smiley faces at the check-in counter to the bar and restaurant service at Massoni, it was a truly nice stay.    Our room was on the 28th floor with glass all around - nothing compares to waking up in the morning to the amazing views of the City.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at Arlo NoMad and it was a perfect base for our NYC adventure.  While the rooms are small, they had everything we needed. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.  We think this is a hidden gem and highly recommend it.
bubble_50	Just had a great stay at this very well designed hotel. Rooms are well appointed, food was excellent, wifi in rooms and lobbies were beyond what I expected. Sitting rooms and lobby were inviting and comfortable and the bar pours a great cocktail! Views from my room and rooftop were incredible! I can't wait to come back. Arlo NoMad will be my new go-to NYC hotel.
