bubble_50	We found the hotel welcoming and warm, set in a fantastic location with everything you need on the doorstep.  The staff were a friendly bunch who were happy to help and advise you on everthing from restaurants to transfers!  If you want to be in a quieter location, this is not for you but if you want to be close to the action then would thoroughly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	pros- very clean, central location, staff very help full, no surprises when walking into room. We would definitely stay there again. cons- only complaint bathroom sink faucet was hard to change from cold to hot water.           Shower temperature control would be cold or scalding!
bubble_50	We stayed here for our honeymoon, its a great location to walk or catch the subway almost anywhere, has multiple restaurants nearby and a 7/11 the next block over for convenience. The rooms are much smaller than the pictures (not enough room to lay out your suitcase) and the breakfast we didnt even bother with as the room is far too small and always to crowded to even try to get into. There is a Starbucks down the road, multiple food carts and breakfast restaurants nearby also (The Smith was great). Otherwise this is a great, clean & nice hotel and staff are always friendly/ helpful.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a weekend getaway and absolutely loved it! Check in and Check out was smooth and quick, the staff were immensely friendly always offering a warm Hello or Good Morning.  The Location is great as well! You're steps away from the subway (R & W) and there's many food, drink and restaurants very near by.  It is also possible to walk up to Rockefeller Centre or Central Park (which we did many times).  We stayed in a room on the 9th floor, and although you heard honking outside - you're in a large booming metropolis and the beds are comfortable enough for you to tune out the honks.  I was immensely happy with the stay, the room was exactly as shown, the location was great and I would highly recommend this hotel!
bubble_50	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights in October.  We booked a family room with 2 king beds and a seating area, there was plenty of room for the 4 of us, the beds were incredibly comfortable and it was spotlessly clean.  Having a good view of the Empire State Building was an added bonus of our room and we enjoyed watching looking at it lite up at night.  Decided to use taxi's to get around and the helfpful concierge always managed to get us a taxi quickly in the morning.  The metro is very close but we decided the convenience of taxi's suited us better.  The hotel is a great central location for going uptown or downtown.  There are some good eating areas close by although we tended to have a meal out during the day and buy snacks or order pizza in the room at night
bubble_40	The hotel advised us on our last day that they are working to rectify a number of issues however our review is based on our experience. Firstly, good size rooms and good access to the heart of New York. Concierge, Anthony, is one special person, and will help you plan your activities to achieve the best value for your length of stay. We had three full days and we packed a lot into the stay. Anthony also sends an email to people who have future bookings with the hotel introducing himself and the outlining the services he can offer.  The issues we encountered were the the very small breakfast room (capacity of 12 guests) resulting in a line being formed for access to the room. Breakfast was basic at best, but having to wait to get into the room added to the frustration. The Hotel
bubble_50	Great Boutique hotel with excellent staff and the rooms are way too big specially for New York standard. We booked last minute due to a flight cancellation and have a great sleep. Prices are very moderate for the area.
bubble_40	With Times Squarea stones throw to the left, and the flat iron a stones throw to the right, the Broadway Plaza Hotel is situated perfectly in mid town with easy access to the subway.   The hotel was clean, modern and comfortable. Breakfasts were sometimes a bit manic and people taking the 'grab and go' and little too literally - but it was all good. Free brekkie. Fresh coffee. Good nights rest after days of trekking around the big apple.   Would recommend and would stay again if / when I return.
bubble_40	Great little hotel and location easy access walking or via subway to all places. Very clean. Towels changed daily . Good sized rooms not all rooms have views but we were not there to stay in our room .  Staff friendly and could answer all question and would help organise anything for you. Nice little touch of pastries and fruit for breakfast thats included in booking .  24/7 tea and coffee . Handy shops near by including Starbucks and a supermarket. Would definitely recommend as a great base and not too expensive, more to spend on enjoying yourself  :)
bubble_50	I first stayed here when my family took my grandma to New York! and I loved this hotel great location and i love all the little shops near it. The second time was when we went for a fall trip with my parents and sister and we had an amazing view of the Empire State building. The room sizes are huge, they offer a great breakfast choice, this is my top pick hotel for now on when I go to the city
bubble_20	Based on reviews and pics I thought I found a nice hotel for a good price. Not so much.  Location was great and the folks working the hotel were generally nice. That's the good part. The room itself isn't terrible either, and is an average NY hotel room size. However, the shower/bathroom/AC situation was bad. The shower is so tiny I could hardly fit in it, and the water flow was ridiculously weak. Had I had long hair, I have no idea how I would even have showered. The AC didn't really cool the room, even though I stayed there in October, in very moderate weather. The elevator situation was out of control too. I constantly found myself stuck in the only elevator going up instead of down, packed in with a bunch of strangers like sardines in a can. If you need to be downstairs at a
bubble_50	I booked this hotel only from reviews on Hotels.com and honestly, it was a great decision for a night in NYC. There were four of us in my party who were there to see many sights and I cannot express the friendliness of the staff, the willingness to accommodate, and the nice, clean, modern rooms. Our corner room was nicely decorated and comfortable. I liked the street view, and was surprised at how well insulated the room was from traffic. Great location, good food recommendations, will return again. Thank you for a relaxing and enjoyable stay at your hotel.
bubble_50	We stayed for 3 nights with 3 adults. Two queen size beds on the 10th floor with view of the Empire State Building. Good size room and bathroom. Small hotel in the heart of midtown Manhattan..short walk to 5th Ave. Lots of restaurants and bars within walking distance. Breakfast is not big but enough to get you going for the day. Friendly and helpful staff. Would definitely stay there again!
bubble_50	My family and I were at this hotel for vacation and the hotel was amazing. Because its, NYC, I booked on hotels.com and was nervous. What a pleasant surprise. The room was perfect for us and not too small as New York hotels can be. We wanted a view and was able to see the Empire State Building but that's about it. The continental breakfast was convenient, but VERY minimal, expect muffins, bagels, and doughnuts only! My only suggestion to this hotel and all others. Its 2019, get creative with coffee creamers and sugar substitute options. To only offer Sweet'n Low is ridiculous. We the customers certainly pay enough per night for you to offer a yellow, blue, and or green pack for sweeteners.   I am so happy I chose this hotel. The staff was amazing no matter what we asked for.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed staying here. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable, with efficient air conditioning. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was bagels, pastries and doughnuts - maybe not the healthiest, but a delicious treat! The location, at 26th and Broadway, was convenient for buses and subway, and there were some reasonable nearby restaurants plus a couple of supermarkets. We had no problems with noise from other guests, and though there was quite a lot of external noise, that was inevitable in that location.
bubble_50	This was our second time staying at the hotel. Another great stay the room was spacious if a little noisy as it overlooked Smiths restaurant. Staff were wonderful especially Anthony who gave us so much advice and booked bus tickets, theatre tickets etc for us. We will definitely return.
bubble_50	The Broadway plaza is a small but absolutely great hotel. It is so close to Times Square, the subway, Empire State building and many restaurants and big name shops like Macys.  The rooms are bright, clean and the bed super comfortable.   The breakfast was very fresh with coffee and tea availale 24 hours a day.  However it is the staff that make this hotel special. They are friendly, professional and very helpful.  We were upgraded to a room with an even better view of the Empire State building. Unfortunately it was right next to the elevator which made a bit of noise. Didn't bother my husband but as I'm a light sleeper it did me. So we asked if we could have another room and no problem what so ever. Sasha on reception gave us a choice of 2 other rooms. She was so lovely and
bubble_50	My wife and i just returned 25/9/19 after 7 days.. Brilliant hotel and ideally located, just 15 mins stroll to Times Sq and all the shopping/ attractions. Room was ideal and cleaned to a high level everyday.Breakfast is exactly what i says on the tin, small area but we chose to take breakfast to our room, "english breakfast" is available if required but being so close to all the restaurants we chose eating out. ALL the staff were extremely friendly and polite but employee of the week must go to Anthony ( concierge ), what a mind of information he has on the city offering brilliant advise and extremely good cost saving information which we found saved us loads of money as apposed to street traders and offices selling trips etc.. Hop On- Hop Off bus is a must  to see the city in a
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location, easy to get to subways or walk to Flatiron, Times Square or shopping. Lots of eating places nearby.  We booked two rooms for 5 nights and were a little disappointed that we didnt get a higher floor as we were hoping for a quieter room but obviously everyone cant have this!  It seems a little strange that we booked two rooms and ended up with us on the fourth floor  and all daughters on the second to it wouldve been nice to have been a bit closer together.  Staff did offer to see if they could give us different rooms after the first night but in the end we thought it easier to stay out. Our daughters (19 and 16) liked their twin room, it was very spacious. The window was boarded up and so the room felt enclosed, I would have hated it but
bubble_50	We chose this hotel as we were taking our daughter and two grand daughters 23/14 to NY for the first time and so wanted somewhere that was central and not to large . The Broadway Plaza did not disappoint. Its position is perfect for all the headline attractions in NY , and in walking distance to up town & down town .   The hotel ticked all the boxes for our 4 day trip , the staff were friendly  and on hand to offer local  advise as required to ensure you maxed your New York experience  , the accommodation was new fresh and clean . We loved the quirky breakfast buffet  that can be  eaten in the preparation area or taken back to your room if required , and  gives your day a great start .  There are some refurbishments underway but this does not hinder the Broadway Plaza's boutique
bubble_50	We stayed 4 nights from 2nd September and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The first night was very noisy as most nights due to the immense amount of building work going on in NY and a lot of the cleaning services (Bins wagons etc) operate through the night. But by the second night we where so tired because of our busy schedule we slept anyway. The hotel is clean and very pleasant to be in and the breakfast was great for us as we don't eat lots in a morning anyway. We where in rooms  402 and 404 so we had no problem getting breakfast and returning to our rooms as we where just yards away. The beds are comfy and the rooms cleaned every day, we even had a supervisor knock one day to check we had been cleaned and if we where happy with the job done. The reception staff very
bubble_50	Top service from staff, room clean, spacious and well equipped - hotel itself was so quiet. We had a view of the Empire State as well which was a bonus! Very close to shops, amenities, attractions.  Building work is going on at the hotel but did some prior research so we knew about it before arrival, and didn't put us off. Obviously doesn't look great but it's what's inside that counts! Air con in lobby and rooms. Lots of building work generally going on in NY wherever you go - apart from the view of the ESB there was also a view of a scaffolded building right opposite our room but these things don't really bother us - thought I'd mention it as it does bother some folk.  Special mention in particular for Anthony - head concierge - I contacted him by email before we arrived to
bubble_40	Good rooms with beds of good quality. We were lucky enough to have a view on Empire State Building. Sufficient choice at breakfast corner by US standards. Breakfast corner is rather small, so if you want to have a seat, better come before 7.45. Location is just perfect : next to 2 subway stations, 5ms from Times Square, Bryant Park and Flatiron. Really good place.
bubble_40	Hotel room good and spacious. Very comfortable bed. Concierge (Anthony) so helpful.  Helped a lot.  All staff polite and helpful. Breakfast different regime to what were use to for b & b bit ok.  Convenient for subways.
bubble_30	Me & my mum stayed here for 5 nights my 1st impression from the outside was this didn't look like a hotel there's scaffolding outside which didn't look good. Our room was clean & spacious but at night was noisy & struggled to sleep has you could here everything from outside we did have a nice view of the Empire state building the breakfast wasn't good bagels & pastries & donuts for breakfast (so unhealthy apart from fruit. Everytime we went to get breakfast there was hardly any pastries left!Thought we could have at least cereal & bacon & eggs for breakfast. If I came back to New York I wouldn't stay here again!
bubble_40	Just back from 7 nights @this hotel, would highly reccommend it.  When we arrived the room Was modern spacious,& clean!!   Beds were super comfortable!! You just sink into them after a long day walking around NYC!  The room was equipped with our own Iron &Ironing board,Safe,television, radio/alarm clock,extra cushions, hairdryer,aircon and toiletries.  The outside was under construction,but that didn't bother us.   Reception was nice and cool. There was a small breakfast of bagels & cream cheese/jam ,croissonts &various pastries, Apples &bananas- tea/Coffee &Juices, it starts at 7am (-10am)so u need to be there (4th floor) quick or all the croissants are gone as they only put 3 of these out most mornings.   The nearest  Subway  was literally  a 5 minute  walk down to the left,
bubble_50	Large room with new and clean furniture and a comfy bed. We had so much space in room 1005 with a view to the quiet back side of the house. Nice towels. We loved the room so much. Rest of the hotel was OK. Nice to have a little spot for beakfast take away. We went there all mornings for bagels and doghnuts, juice and coffee. Also coffee during the day. Great for 1-5 nights in the City. Staff was very nice. Subway very close but also walking distance to many sights.   Aircon was noisy. Bathtub could not hold water.
bubble_50	We have just come home from 4 nights at the Broadway Plaza. I can honestly say our stay was faultless. Lovely warm welcome, massive room, (406) clean fluffy towels each day, fab free breakfast, everything at the Broadway Plaza just made our NY stay a city break to remember. We had a view of the Empire State Building which was lovely to see. We were asked if we wanted to move floors to get an even better view of the ESB, but we decided to stay where we were as we soon realised we were near the breakfast room and could easily get breakfast and take it back to our room on the tray.  Subway is just around the corner. Free coffee, mild, juice, water etc available all day.   The hotel is very well placed for both up and down town, staff very knowledgable and full of advice.  I would
bubble_10	Conartists there was a crack in the wall and they charged us $400 because we didnt report it.  Its New York City how much do you actually spend in the room. We were charged the obscene amount after our stay without even a phone call.  The manager didnt contact us until we called twice and emailed them.  They are crooks and read the fine print they even say in the terms if you check in on Saturday your than you will be charged for two nights.
bubble_30	The location of this hotel is ideal. Its a 2 minute walk to the subway and you can walk to places such as Times Square or the Empire State if you wish.  Having read about the breakfast offerings beforehand, there were no shocks about the small room or options for the breakfast. You will have to take it to your room (the 3 small tables are never available). We enjoyed the pastries, bagels, donuts and fruit on offer. The juices and coffees were also good.  Whilst the bathroom is dated, we had no issues with it. Everything works well. The cleaning team generally do a good job. Although when I went searching for an item, I realised two small red straws were behind the bedside table and bed which we hadnt used. This is a poor oversight and does make you question how deep a clean is
bubble_40	Our family of four enjoyed a week at the Broadway Plaza prior to Christmas. After much research I settled on the Broadway Plaza. We had a suite with two Queen beds and a pull out sofa bed. The room was perfect for us, clean and comfortable. Great location, close to Empire State Building and easy 20 minute walk to Times Square. Subway station close by.
bubble_50	Have just returned from a 5 night stay here. Cannot fault the hotel. Travelled as a family with two young children (5 and 9). Great location  friendly,helpful staff especially Anthony the concierge. Nothing is too much trouble. Breakfast is an added bonus and 24 hour coffee facility is needed in a city that never sleeps. Will stay here when I return to New York.
bubble_40	We have just checked out of the Broadway Plaza Hotel and we have had a great stay. Our flight arrived early morning so we weren't able to check in straight away (as check-in is normally at 3pm). We were given access to the restrooms on the 3rd floor to freshen up and then went for a wander and came back st 2pm and our room was ready.  I had emailed the hotel in advance to request a room with a view of the Empire State Building and that's exactly what we got. The room was a decent size, the superior queen bed and a tad small for us but we improvised by sleeping sideways instead of longways. The bathroom is small but adequate. Lots of fresh clean towels (room cleaned everyday) and hot water. There was a TV that had lots of channels all free, there is air con in the room as the
bubble_50	Fabulous service! Great price. Great sized room. Super clean. Centrally located. Easy access to Subway system. Fabulous service. Did I mention, fabulous service? If you want a great stay in NYC, stay here!
bubble_40	Stayed for 7 nights on a family vacation. Reception and customer service we received during our stay was excellent from the minute we arrived.  We had two problems with one of the rooms, safe not working and poor air conditioning unit. These were addressed by a really friendly member of staff, with the later resulting in a new air conditioner fitted within 12 hours of reporting issue. The hotel is a great base for visiting all the sites sitting roughly mid-way between Central Park and the One World Trade Center. It is a 15 minute walk to Times Square. Only  rated as 4 as breakfast room was a bit small and bathrooms need refreshing. But they were always spotless as were the rooms and the breakfast room provides free tea, coffe and chilled water 24 hrs a day. Overall great little
bubble_50	My wife, daughter and myself stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 7 nights. The staff were brilliant, concierge Anthony was a great help and was always there to help with all questions no matter how trivial. The rooms are large and well appointed and the breakfast an added bonus. The location of the hotel was ideal as far as we were concerned with it being just  far enough away from Times Square to be a little less manic, but, you are in New York. The housekeeping is excellent with the rooms being very well serviced. A nice touch eas the General Manager was also always available to chat. We enjoyed it so much we are going back next year.
bubble_40	Don't let the construction in the lobby deter you; this hotel is a great find. The rooms are tastefully decorated, clean, well-maintained, and QUIET. The staff is very nice, too. What really makes this hotel great are two things, though: its economies and its location.   First, the economies: our daughter came in to stay with us and the upcharge for the added  guest and rollaway (comfortable bed, by the way) only added $20 to the bill! I am sure this price might go up as time goes on, but they still offer a great buy for added guests. The room does not have mini-fridges automatically included, but you can rent one for $10/day. Trust me, there is a market only a block away, and by buying some of your own meals and using the fridge you will save a bundle without missing out on the
bubble_40	Stayed at Broadway Plaza from 13th-20th July & loved it! Larger room than I anticipated, aircon worked well. Enjoyed breakfast. The breakfast area is very small, so make sure you take tray from room with you, for carrying juice and bagels back. Staff friendly, but also give you space(which I like) The best things about the Hotel are 1) price is very very good compared to other hotels I looked at 2) the location is fabulous!! 4 mins to flatiron building, subway 1 min away, and an easy walk to time square or theatre district. Please take advantage of subway 7 day ticket at approximately $30 (great value).Fantastic food area at flatiron called Eately, Italian food, drinks gelato etc. The only thing that would make Hotel even better, would be kettle and mini fridge in room.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza from the 11th to the 18th of July, the hotel does not disappoint. Reception staff are lovely. Anthony the concierge is so nice and helpful,we had a issue with are city pass and he made sure it was all sorted, nothing was to much trouble. The room was lovely and modern, with a view of the top of the ESB. It was cleaned every day and the cleaning staff were lovely too. Breakfast was nice with a selection of donuts, pastries and bagels plus fruit too. The hotel is in quite a good location not even a 5 min walk and you are by the Flatiron building and Madison Square park. There are also subways close by so your never to far from the rest of NY. I would definitely highly recommend this hotel and cant wait to go back. There is refurbishment going on at
bubble_50	First time in New York. This hotel was an excellent base for sightseeing.  The hotel itself was spotlessly clean in the rooms and public areas and provided a free complimentary breakfast, as other reviewers have said the breakfast room is small but we were aware of this when booking. If we wanted to sit down there for breakfast we could have most days (sadly no air con in the breakfast room meant we retreated to our cool room to eat and that was fine with us)  They were having some renovations done when we were there, this did not spoil our stay and I can see how lovely it will be when it is finished, I just wondered whether it would have been courteous to have warned us, however, it would not have changed our booking. We found all the staff friendly and ever so helpful with
bubble_50	My husband and I have just checked out the broadway Plaza hotel for our first trip/honeymoon in New York. We couldnt fault the hotel its self. Its right in the centre of manhattan so local to everything.   Our room had a fanatic view of the Empire State Building on the 12th floor. Room was small but was was everything we needed ample storage space with flatscreen tv etc. Air con, iron, iron board, hairdryer also included. Free continental breakfast which set you up for the day.   Anthony at the front door was so helpful. Really helped us plan out trip for the week ahead. And we were not disappointed. We did not have a clue what to do so definitely check in with him if you need help.   Great food around so plenty for eating etc, would absolutely come back to this hotel if we
bubble_40	Stayed at The Broadway Plaza for 4 nights.   Had a lot of help from Anthony the consiage before our arrival with regard to tourist information and booking our city passes.   He was a great help in planning our trip.   the only negative was that the breakfast room too small.   other than that great stay and would recommend.
bubble_50	We picked the Broadway Plaza Hotel for our first trip to New York based on its great reviews, location and the very attractive price; we werent disappointed.  At the time of booking, I did remark that it all seemed to be too good to be true but it proved to live up to my expectations.  Check in was fast and the staff, very friendly. Our room was bright and spotlessly clean with 2 queen size beds. Plenty of wardrobe space and drawers and ample storage for 5 large suitcases. The room was quite big which was great, as we are a family of four.  It had a flat screen tv with plenty of channels.  The bathroom was a little dated but dont be put off by this. It was cleaned daily. Good hair dryer in the bathroom too.  The complimentary breakfast was delicious and gave us enough fuel to
bubble_50	Just arrived back to Ireland from a 10 day stay at the Plaza, can't say enough to about the staff from start to finish they all make you feel at home, friendly and will go above and beyond to help you, will be back again without doubt    Highly recommend.
bubble_40	The Met "play it loud" exhibit was very cool and enlightening about musical instruments and the artists who play them. The World Trade Centre is almost indescribable, it is so overwhelming. A 360 view of the five boroughs. You should eat at O'Hara's for a treat. Hop on and hop off buses are the way to see everything. We missed the ferry ride to the Statue of Liberty, but Antonio advised us about all the attractions and we could have taken the boat as one of the three attractions we were allowed. We saw "To Kill a Mockingbird". Go see it.
bubble_50	Just returned from a weeks stay in the Broadway Plaza and could not fault the place in any way.We were in room 802 and when we walked into the room the view from the window of the Empire State was truly amazing.All of the staff were friendly, helpful and extremely polite.Breakfast was really good,fruit,choice of pastries of which you were allowed 2,cream cheese,jam fruit juice plus all day free Starbucks coffee.Me and my wife loved this place and it's location just up from the Flatiron district.Hopefully we will return to New York again soon and our first choice hotel would be the Broadway Plaza.Thanks to all the staff we had a great holiday.
bubble_40	Stayed in the larger room with 2 queen beds and a sofa bed during spring break with a family of 5, was a lengthy 10 night stay.  The room itself is very large for Manhattan for sure which helped when you have a larger family.  We were on the same floor as the breakfast room which was very convenient in the morning.  After a few days though we got tired of the same so we went out and brought in some food.  Overall, the stay was comfortable but as some previous reviews stated, the bathrooms are in dire need of an update.  The looked like they were built in the 1980's.  For our stay, the towel rack fell off and they repaired it quickly but you could tell it wasn't repaired with a lot of thought.  Since we were on a lower floor we took the stairs often and discovered a dead insect
bubble_40	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The room was very clean, and the service was great. I had ordered a package online to be delivered at the reception and the staff were nice to bring my package up to my room. They also helped with transport etc. Very nice staff! The hotel is also very central and is close to restaurants, metro, bus etc. The only minus about this hotel is definitely the breakfast. It has very limited options and there is only room for about 10 people in the breakfast room and the room is really uninspiring, so you do not even want to sit there. You are kind of "forced" to eat in your own room or take the food to go. Otherwise would definitely recommend and would love to stay there again :)
bubble_30	It was nice and enjoyable visit in Broadway Plaza Hotel.  Situation in Manhattan island was excellent. Service was very kindly and helpful. Breakfast (continental) gave you good start to begin daily program. Just now one minus was outside the buildings remodeling. It was a little bit narrow move outside on sidewalks. (It was not as bad it looked.)  Our room number was 503 and it was cleaned every day. The window view was down to the street. There was Smith-bar and a little bit noisy sometimes in the evenings.  We hope you nice summer!  Best regards, Vesa and  Maarit from Finland
bubble_50	We stayed at the end of May 2019, booked through dial-a-flight August 2018. We went for the mother in law 60th birthday for 5 nights, we got two rooms one on the 5th floor one on the 6th, both with a view off the empire state building!!. There were two big double beds with ensuite bath and shower with lots of space, iron/board/hairdryer large flat screen TV. Place to hang your clothes a chest of drawers and large mirror in bathroom.  There is a breakfast room on the 4 floor which has an excellent starbucks coffee machine/tea and water machine open 24 hours with TV and a few tables, great for drinks anytime of the night or day. Breakfast is 0700-1000 which serves, some fruit, pastries donuts croissant pan-au-chocolat apple juice orange juice and a variety of bagels and cream
bubble_50	This hotel is in a convenient location to things you would want to do in Manhattan. One block from subway and easily walkable to Times Square and Broadway. Sasha was very helpful in making our booking and greeted us every day with a smile while answering all our questions. The breakfast room is quite small.
bubble_50	Stayed for a week (family with 2 teenager) in a 2 queen bedded room. Large room, spotlessly clean, new towels every day. Light, complementary breakfast. Liked the free Starbucks coffee. Everything perfect. Would definitely recommend and stay again during our next visit. Everybody was very friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	What a great little hotel in a fabulous location, close to everything you want to do and see.  Clean modern and quite large rooms for a New York budget price.  Excellent breakfast and coffee and water available 24 hours.  Very courteous and friendly staff, willing and happy to help.  We were moved into a great room with a fabulous view of the Empire State Building, what a way to fall asleep.  As I still have $'s left I feel another visit is on the cards and will definitely book this hotel for a third time.
bubble_40	What a brilliant hotel, staff are so friendly and helpful. Light breakfast set us up for the day very tasty and fresh fruit always available.  We were on floor 9 facing the empire state building what a view  Easy to get around  ,in a really good area a short stroll and your in Macy's then times square  Thank you Broadway plaza
bubble_40	I booked the Broadway Plaza Hotel because it was close to where our party was.. We were at first taken aback when the entire building was boarded up and not very inviting looking. We actually thought i t was closed down. They definitely need better signage while renovating the place. The reception people were very nice, check in went smoothly. We walked into our room and were so delighted at how big the room was!! NYC hotels are notorious for small rooms. This room was really big and the bathroom was huge! Room was clean and we had a great view of the Empire State Building (Except for the scaffolding in the way). Check out was also quick, it needs a bit of updating but I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay here again.
bubble_40	Well situated hotel,close to Empire State Building,10 min walk to macys,Sephora Victoria Secret and other shops if stopped at every traffic light.A further 5-10 mins takes you to times square,Broadway etc. We had a spacious corner room on 5th floor with a view of Empire State Building,Breakfast was on floor 4 which we took to our room on tray provided.fruit,bagels,doughnuts,croissants,between 7-10am,tea and coffee free all day.Staff were helpful especially Anthony the concierge who helped us get tickets and also free with helpful information.We had a great week at Broadway Plaza to celebrate a few special birthdays.
bubble_50	Great base for a stay in NYC.  Friendly helpful staff and near 28th. Street subway station. Concierge very helpful with tickets and directions. Cinpolis Chelsea cinema is a short walk from hotel with reclining chairs.family really enjoyed the movie.
bubble_50	Large rooms and great service. Consistently courteous and helpful service. Great location to sightseeing, shopping and restaurants. We will definitely choose to stay here again. Great rooms for families.
bubble_30	I stayed here for a business trip so this was a last minute reservation close to my work. For the one night I was there, the hotel met most my needs. The bed was comfortable, and internet was provided. You must pay extra for high speed, but I was able to get fine on their complimentary service. However there's a few things where I was a little disappointed: -The "room service" is bizarre. When I called the number listed on the menu in the room, they sounded caught off-guard and I had to describe the meal I wanted off of their own provided menu, ingredient by ingredient. I understand if there's no kitchen onsite, but at least make sure your provider is familiar with your menu? -The shower never got above a lukewarm temperature. I ran it for over 10 minutes, moving the temperature
bubble_40	My family and I booked two rooms, one room with what we thought were two queen beds (turned out to be two fulls) and one king bed room.  They were across the hall from each other on the 6th floor.  The check in process was quick, but the front desk agent was not welcoming nor warm towards us.  I work in a high end hotel, so maybe my expectations are a little higher than some, but he was just very unwelcoming.  Once we got to the rooms, which were actually really nice, I took a shower and the water was like warm.  Over the course of the 3 nights there, the water was never actually hot.  Showers were definitely the down part of our stay due to shivering the entire time.   They offered complimentary pastries and coffee on the 4th floor, which was nice.  The front desk agent in the
bubble_50	Top notch. Situated in the flatiron district, walking distance to it all. Will be staying at the hotel again thats for sure.  The breakfast room is tiny though, but we didnt book it for the breakfast
bubble_50	We stayed here for 3 nights in May 2019.  Staff are very helpful, friendly and hard-working. We booked a standard queen size room. It was a brilliant size for a room in the city. Bed very comfortable and the rooms offer great views of the Empire State Building.  Location is excellent, very central. We walked most places we wanted to see in the city from it.  Breakfast is available on 4th floor every morning. Not a lot of space but most people used the tray provided in the room to grab stuff and go. Great choice of bagels, pastries and fruit. Good to fuel up before heading out for the day. Tea, Coffee, water also available here all day.  Can highly recommend Broadway Plaza
bubble_50	Very clean, large and comfortable room. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Hotel is located about 3/4 mile from Times Square an easy walk away.  We also walked to the theater district about one mile distance. Continental breakfast of juice and pastries included. Empire State Building a short 10 minute walk from the hotel.
bubble_40	The hotel was affordable so was expecting a surprise considering how close to time square. But the room was clean with a fantastic view of Empire State Building. The location is perfect and close to most attractions. The breakfast room is tight, but this was previously identified so the tray in the room made this very easy. Would absolutely stay again.
bubble_50	In a nutshell:  clean, comfortable, convenient, and, for New York, very reasonable.  Convenient: one block from the subway, five minutes walk to a cross-town bus. Comfortable: unlike a lot of the newer hotels with rooms no bigger than a broom closet, the room and the bathroom were good sized.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The front desk went out of its way to get us out of a "paper jam:"  we needed to scan, sign and fax a document across the country before tax day, the 15th.  No problem for the front desk, they handled it in a couple of minutes.  No charge to boot.  We would not hesitate to return.  The only suggestion we would make: add grab bars around the shower. As you get older, these become pretty important.
bubble_40	Well first of all the hotel, its a great little hotel, little by NY standards only 10 floors, our room was lovely really nice decked out, no drinks making facilities in room but not to worry there is free hot drinks on the 4th floor, well lets talk about the 4th floor hot drinks and juices, beagles and fresh pastries everyday until 1000hrs, staff were really helpful especially Anthony on the front desk, location is just brilliant for the centre of NY, 1 street down from 28th St Metro Stn, and literally a 5 min walk from Maddison Square Park with is a super park to still in a watch the world go bye for a minute or 2 not to mention the Flatiron building is there so bonus, also at Night the Roof top bar is 1 block over on 5th Ave, so all in all I would go back tomorrow
bubble_50	Great room, very friendly front staff as well as bell hops.  Moreover, we were able to secure a great price; less than the cost of many motels in the middle of nowhere.  We did go a bit off season, but this will be the first place I check when looking for a room near 42nd street.
bubble_50	Great location and great value.  Room was a good size and nicely decorated (bathroom needed doing but we were aware of this before booking from other tripadvisor reviews, and the shower was nice and warm).  Tea and coffee available 24 hours a day.  Staff all very helpful and friendly.  Breakfast basic but for the money we were impressed that it was included.  Got a good deal by booking with the hotel direct - paid about 110 a night for a double room which was a lot cheaper than surrounding hotels.
bubble_50	We have just spent five nights in this fab hotel.  It is really well situated with easy access (walking or subway) to all of New Yorks attractions and within ten minutes walk from Times Square.  It is currently having some improvements made which makes it unsightly as you arrive but dont be put off by this, It is a small hotel with a tiny eating area,12 seats, which is located on the fourth floor.  There are also vending machines on other floors and ice and water available 24x7.  The breakfast arrangement can be tricky as the space is limited but we enjoyed fresh fruit, bagels, cakes and T&C every day but sometimes we had to take them back up to our room - a minor niggle. The room we had was for a family of four (2 double beds) and it was really beautifully presented with
bubble_50	We stayed here for 10nights, rooms were so spacious and amazing views from window! Every single staff member we met in hotel was so friendly and helpful, they are an absolute credit to your hotel.  Location is amazing really felt central to all of Manhattan, neighbourhood felt safe and really good options for food and drinks. 15min walk to Times Square, lots of subway options as well Breakfast was great options of bagels, fruit and pastries. We were able to leave our luggage after we checked out which was so helpful! I will never stay at another hotel in New York except broadway plaza hotel, we were all so impressed!!
bubble_40	This hotel is found in the middle of Midtown Manhattan. On a quick trip back to our roots, we stayed at this hotel. It's a cute boutique type hotel and we got it for a great price. It's central location is ideal as you can access many different areas of the city, while also not being smack dab in the middle of Times Square or other busier spots. We got a great view of the Empire State Building which was a nice nightlight when we came back to sleep. There are a few subway stops within a couple of blocks which was really nice as well. The front desk staff were very nice when we checked-in and our room was small (which is expected in NYC), but nice and updated. If you are looking for a centrally located hotel that doesn't have grandiose prices, this might be the spot for you.
bubble_40	My partner and I stayed for 7 nights while visiting NYC for a wedding and holiday. I would say it was exactly what we expected based on the info on the website and reviews we read. We were in a room on a high floor which had a view of the Empire State Building which was a nice surprise! The room itself was pretty compact but very clean and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom could do with a refurb. Breakfast was a bit underwhelming - just coffee, tea and pastries - but handy if you just want something simple and we found that we were out and about for breakfast most days so it didnt matter. Eataly is just around the corner and does good coffee and a has a range of eateries inside. Location was wonderful, right near the subway and we also found we could walk easily to most of
bubble_50	I hesitate to write this review because I would love to keep this place a secret.  But since I trusted some other reviewers on this hotel, I can't help but join in their praise for the benefit of other travelers. This place is awesome!  The pictures of the room don't lie and don't tell the whole story.   Our 2 Queen bed room was the one that has the beds on separate walls and facing in different directions.   We were there four nights of a nine night trip on the east coast.   We had five large suitcases, two travel cases and bathroom cases and we barely noticed they were in the room!  Also, two areas to hang items, a dresser as well as a TV stand and a two chair table. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.   Pleasant greetings each time we left and returned.   Open to
bubble_40	On arrival we couldnt believe we were checking into a hotel where the lower floor was covered in green painted chipboard on the outside. First impressions were not good however the staff were excellent and the room was very spacious but most importantly very clean. The bed was really comfortable and the complimentary breakfast and free coffee was excellent. The concierge was very good but anthony (i think his name was) was excellent. The reception staff was very friendly. The only downside was the fact that we didnt know about the outside appearance before arrival. Our travel company (TUI) claim not to have been told about the outside remodelling. The location is good for the subway and madison square gardens plus not far away from the empire state building and about 20 mins
bubble_40	We were greeted warmly, checked-in quickly and shown to a lovely corner room with the Empire State gleaming down on us, fantastic.  The room was modern, clean and totally functional. Plenty of hot water and big towels. Wi-fi was free, but not quick, you can pay for a quicker service. Breakfast is a bit pressured. Theres only one toaster and millions of guests trying to use it; its complimentary though.  Everybody in the hotel is well trained and wants you to have a great time. The concierge guys are particularly helpful. The hotel is bang in the middle of midtown so its easy to reach all the tourist bits of the city. We paid what I consider a fantastic rate and therefore ... you won't get a better stop-over than this place.  HIGHLY recommended.
bubble_40	My wife found this hotel online and we werent disappointed.  Located in the Flatiron District, we had a great view of and were only blocks away from the Empire State Building.  There was a subway station a block from the hotel.  The room was very spacious and comfortable.  The staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  While it didnt have the amenities of the larger chains, it was cozy, comfortable, and a great place to stay for our visit to NYC.  I recommend it and would stay there again when we return to visit NYC.
bubble_40	We stayed in this hotel for 8 nights at the beginning of March 2019 (room 405). The room was a little bit small for a family of 4  but really all you need is a space for your cases and a place to sleep so it was fine.  The beds were exceptionally comfortable and a good size. The bathroom was large, and the bath/shower was good, plenty of hot water and good water pressure.  To top it off we had a view of the Empire State building from our bed!  The breakfast was fine, we brought a tray and ate in our room, luckily our room was on the same floor as the breakfast room so we didn't need to use the elevator or stairs for this. There were always plenty of bagels and a selection of pastries and muffins. Plus coffee, tea, milk and juice. More than enough to start your day!  The nearest
bubble_50	We are lucky enough to have stayed here twice, most recently for ten days. We would not hesitate to recommend it. Staff are all friendly, polite and welcoming. The suite we booked was spacious and clean, with super comfy beds and a good view of the Empire State Building. A problem with the tv was rectified swiftly. We woke each morning looking forward to the delicious breakfast provided which we ate in our room and the availability of excellent quality tea and coffee all day was a great amenity. Anthony is a great asset to the hotel; hes genuinely interested in making sure guests have a great time and is so informative. Location is great with lots of attractions within easy walking distance and the subway is one block away. Would recommend Hill Country Chicken and Waldys Pizza
bubble_50	Broadway Plaza was the perfect place to stay for spring break. Room was quite spacious and clean. Breakfast had nice pastries and New York bagels (no eggs or cereal). We enjoyed it a lot. However, if anyone in your party is gluten intolerant they would be hungry. All the staff were friendly and helpful. We walked all over Manhattan from hotel and were only one block to subway. We highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	I spent 4 nights at the Broadway plaza hotel at the end of January. The room was a great size, well decorated and a really comfortable bed. The bathroom was clean but a little dated in comparison to the room, it was massive but only had a small shower in the corner. The unlimited coffee and breakfast pastries and doughnuts were good. Good location and I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel with my best friend about a month ago and it was perfect! It was my first time in NYC and let me tell you, the location is amazing. It's only one block away from the subway, super close to everything, and I felt safe walking around, even at night. The blonde guy who checked us in was very nice along with the evening concierge, but unfortunately, I didn't catch their names. Our room was on the 6th floor and we had a view of the Empire State Building, which was AMAZING! The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and it was quite spacious (which I did not expect considering we were in NYC haha). They also offer complimentary breakfast (pastries, fruits, and bagels) and it was just enough for us to start the day. This hotel left a great
bubble_50	We stayed 4th - 10th February, 3 adults in a two full bed room on the 7th floor with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. We arrived to a friendly welcome from the staff, who kindly pre-checked us in as we were too early to check into our room. They kindly stored our bags for us so we could head out and start exploring straight away.  Our room itself was very bright and clean, the beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was impeccably clean. Some people have mentioned the bathrooms being outdated but that's just asthetics. It was clean and functional and we got clean towels and linens every day. No complaints at all. The complimentary breakfast offerings really set us up for the day and it's a great little extra. It was also nice to have the free 24 hour tea and
bubble_40	Very good value hotel in a great location. On Broadway and only a block from the 28th Street & Broadway Subway station (R & W trains). Very close to the impressive Flatiron Building & Empire State Building.   The rooms are pretty spacious for New York hotel rooms. Good size bed, desk space, small open wardrobe type space. Very nice rooms, modern and updated. The bed was very comfortable and the room was cleaned every day. The only downside to the room was it was quite noisy despite the double glazed windows. I don't know if that was to do with the noise getting through the vents in the air-con unit or just being on one of the lower floors. It's not too bad if you're a heavy sleeper, but if you're a light sleeper, I'd possibly try to get a room on one of the upper floors.
bubble_50	I stayed for 3 nights. Lovely clean, spacious room, very comfy bed. Bathroom may not be modern, but it was tasteful and clean, also had a bath, luxury after a long day walking. It is well situated, easy to walk or get subway to attractions, staff all lovely and friendly, breakfast is included which is great and is exactly as promised, lovely, huge pastries, bagels and orange juice, also there is Starbucks coffee on tap all day. The only downside is it is a bit noisy with traffic and building work, which is to be expected in New York, and did not not bother me so much so I did not notice after 1st night.
bubble_50	Stayed here with my wife & daughter Monday 18- Friday 22 February. Hotel is a great base for sightseeing with Times Sq a 10 min walk away. The room was spacious, 2 double beds and the bathroom and shower also roomy. Breakfast is a bonus which we took advantage of every day, tip here is to take your tray from your room  and load up in the breakfast room as this gets quite busy and return to your room to eat. Ive read other reviews mentioning the noise but I can honestly say we were never kept awake by the traffic or construction  All the staff were friendly and helpful and a special mention here to Anthony the consierg who sorted our sightseeing passes out and advised us every day of where to get off the bus, the best way to get to the tourist spots and answered any questions we
bubble_40	We stayed for 4 nights, and Broadway Plaza offered an incredible deal, in a great location. Our room was better than expected, with a king bed and views of the Empire State building from our window.  Broadway & Times Square were a 15 minute walk, which gave us ample chance to get to know the area (and all the many food places available) and really get to experience New York. Staff were friendly, and always willing to hold open doors and even store our bags for us after checkout! Hot drinks available 24/7 (including a Starbucks coffee bean dispenser), and a decent breakfast spread- however this could do with being stocked more often, as the cramped kitchen was difficult to manoeuvre at breakfast time, but if you arrived later there was little to choose from! Facilities were great
bubble_50	Fabulous hotel. Will be great once the building work outside is completed. Our 4th floor room was right by the breakfast room which was very handy for us. The junior suite was huge, very clean and spacious. The free continental breakfast was ideal for us and set us up for the day. Loved the 24 hour Starbucks !   Would highly recommend to others and we would stay again if we visit NYC in the future.
bubble_50	My family of four stayed at the Broadway Plaza last September for 7 nights and I can't fault our stay.  The location was great for both walking and accessing the subway.  We booked a junior suite which was a fantastic size for all of us and the basic breakfast each morning was an easy start to our day.
bubble_40	We had a 4 night stay. The hotel was clean, the rooms spacious and the staff friendly. There is not much in the way of facilities, but then we didnt expect much. Breakfast was pastries, fruit and bagels in a small room that quickly got crowded, but we managed by taking them back to our room. The central location was ideal for sightseeing.
bubble_50	I stayed here recently for the second time and was given the same room 604. It is a big airy corner room with a view of the Empire State Building. The bed is really comfortable.  The rooms are kept spotlessly clean and have everything you need in them. Charging point in the clock is a bonus especially for overseas travellers, no need for adaptor plugs.  The bathrooms have been brought up up by other people but they are clean and I was happy that mine had a bath and shower as I  miss having a soak whilst travelling. Good fast hairdryer too.  Breakfast is plentiful, muffins, pastries, bagels, cream cheese, jams and butter.  Also apples and bananas. Coffee and juices too. This set me up for the day and saved money in an expensive city. It was nice to be able to grab a coffee
bubble_40	Overall our experience was fantastic, the hotel is located in a central position on Broadway so makes most of the main attractions walkable if youre up for a walk around the city. The surrounding area felt relatively safe, and was easy to find in a hectic city. The complimentary breakfast was a real help, as food prices in NYC are generally expensive.   The hotel also helped us with our bags and accommodated our leaving time which was greatly appreciated.   The only reasons for not giving full 5 stars are first the bathrooms. I understand the hotel is currently under renovation for this and the bathroom we were given was outdated, and an improvement in this would be great. In addition the lifts were very very slow. Sometimes getting from the 9th floor to ground could take
bubble_40	Our timing was a bit off as the lobby is having a make over so the facilities were limited but the rooms were spacious and clean. The staff were excellent and Im sure itll be worth it when the work is done.
bubble_30	I was in room 304 , big double bed ,good size room and bathroom. Shower in bath. Cleaned every day. No tea or coffee making facilities in rooms. Breakfast was on floor 4 were you had a coffee machine and hot water for tea. Only food was some cereals and doughnuts. Bread for toast. Some building work going on start banging and drilling about 8am until 16.00
bubble_50	Just returned from this hotel if you are thinking about booking it do it. Great hotel and great location staff are very friendly had a room next to the managers office and always had time to have a chat if I was to return to New York I would not hesitate to book this hotel again
bubble_30	This hotel is right around the corner from work which is why I stayed there. It is a nice clean place to stay...no frills.   The hotel does offer a free continental breakfast but the breakfast room is so small that if 4 other people are there, you can't get in to get any food.  The room was clean and the sheets were crisp and white. The pillows were rock hard and the bed was not very comfortable. Fixtures were dated looking in the bathroom. I think the photos on the website look much nicer than the actual rooms.  That being said, in its price point, it's probably on a par with other hotels in the area where it's located.
bubble_50	Myself and 7 friends stayed here for 6 days on the 8th of January, I have seen some bad reviews on this hotel and my experience was brilliant, from the time we checked in until the time we left we were treated brilliant, we stayed on the second floor and the room was lovely, the beds were so comfortable and the room was cleaned every day, the staff were so friendly especially Anthony who went our of way to talk to me every morning, all the staff were amazing and couldn't do enough for us, I'm planning on going back in November and I wouldn't stay anywhere else but the broadway plaza, the hotel is a credit to the staff and managers and can't recommend it enough, looking forward to staying there again
bubble_10	Stayed here for 2 nights from 26/12/18. Turned up about 4pm to building with black hoardings all round and building work going on all around on most buildings in the near vicinity!  Went in through dingy small hallway to very old and small reception area. Check in very quick. Was given a room on 8th floor so went up to the room. As soon as we walked in the room we realised it was next to the elevator shaft room and thats all you could hear. It was an odd shaped triangular room with not a lot of space. Wasnt staying in here!  Why would they even consider putting people in a room that was just constant noise! Phoned down and they said they had a room on the 4th floor we could look at so agreed and was met by concierge who took me down to show me.  Room was ok. Bed seemed small
bubble_50	We booked directly through the hotel website and stayed here in January 2018. Excellent value for money. The hotel was immaculate with the most friendly door staff. Perfect location one block from the nearest subway so you have easy access to the whole city. However its just as easy to walk everywhere from this central location, only 10 mins from the Empire State Building, 5 to the Flat Iron, 20mins walk down Broadway to Times Square passing so many iconic buildings and shops on the way and just round the corner from the hotel 230 fifth rooftop bar you must go and see the views (over 21). When booking we made a request for a room with the Empire State Building, knowing this would be unlikely we hadnt kept our hopes up but doesnt hurt to ask. Just look at the view we had .
bubble_50	4 of us stayed here in December whilst on holiday for 5 nights. What a find...central location, friendly staff, big rooms and free continental breakfast and no resort fee! Rooms cleaned daily and to a very high standard.   Cannot recommend this hotel enough and although there is some renovations going on at the moment, it did not impact upon our stay at all and will enhance the hotel once its all complete.   All staff (especially Anthony the concierge) could not do enough to help and sorted us out with transport to jersey gardens. Macys is a 5 -10 minute walk away which was handy for all the Christmas baubles we bought . There are bars round about and eating places within walking distance. If you are thinking of booking, you wont regret it!
bubble_50	We stayed here for four nights in October and had a simply fantastic time.  The appearance of the hotel (scaffolding) should not deter you from what's inside!  We stayed in one of the suite rooms which was simply massive with terrific views of the Empire State Building.  The staff were all very friendly and efficient and I also enjoyed my chat with Scott, the General Manager - who does a sterling job in delivering a good value for money hotel.    The grab and go breakfasts are perfectly adequate and the location is just perfect from a tourist standpoint.  I would not hesitate to come back here again.
bubble_50	We chose this hotel based on the location, the price and most importantly the number of positive reviews on TripAdvisor and we werent disappointed! We booked an Empire State Building view and were so pleased with our view from room 1301. The room itself was spacious, clean and the bed was so comfortable!  We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast each morning and it was a perfect start to a busy day of seeing the sites. The staff were so friendly and helpful with all queries and organising cars to take us back to the airport. The location was fab and we made good use of the subway at 28th street.  Weve already started recommending this hotel to family and friends and when we eventually return to New York we will be looking to return to the Broadway Plaza. Thank you for looking
bubble_40	Stayed here 7 nights in Dec18. Location is great and its very close to the 28th St subway station.  There are restaurants just a couple of blocks away. Not a lot of eateries choices close by but being close to subway station really helps.  Breakfast is provided and tea and coffee available 24 hours a day for free at breakfast room. Breakfast room is very small so best to take the pastries to your room. Staff are helpful and always with a smile.  Room was renovated with comfortable bed.  Bathroom is a bit outdated but does it job.  Good value for money.  Only thing is the main lobby door was under renovation so can get a bit inconvenient during our stay. There are only 2 lifts servicing all floors so sometime it takes a while to get the lift.
bubble_50	Stayed at Broadway Plaza Hotel for an 8 night trip to NYC just before Christmas 2018 and was completely amazed at how great the hotel was, our family room was on 11th floor and had a great view of the Empire State Building which was so nice we even slept with the blinds open.  Room was spacious, comfortable and very clean.  Free Wifi was perfectly fast enough for general browsing and even video streaming and permitted 10 devices to be used although faster speeds are available if required we did not need them.  In room entertainment was great and even had the latest films on-demand for a small extra cost  Maids, front desk staff and concierges were very friendly and extremely helpful, enjoyed chatting to them daily especially the door staff while having a smoke outside
bubble_50	Arrived here on Dec 24th staying until 28th on arrival staff very friendly and helpful arrived early room was ready , super comfy king size bed lovely clean room towels changed daily , and a free continental breakfast included beautifully fresh , no tea and coffee in the rooms but its available all day on the 4th floor breakfast room , ice machine n 7th floor great value hotel fantastic location .
bubble_40	This hotel is in a very convenient location, but at times it is very noisy and although the bedroom had been renovated since our last visit the bathroom hadnt?  Rooms very clean and well looked after.Staff very obliging and friendly
bubble_50	We stayed two nights at the Broadway Plaza the week after Thanksgiving. It proved to be the perfect pick....great location for walking or catching the subway; large, clean, comfortable king room and bathroom; friendly, helpful front desk, concierge, doormen, and housekeeping staff; simple but convenient continental breakfast choices; overall met all our needs, and will hope to stay here again on our next visit to NY!
bubble_40	We stayed 8 nights here in a junior suite. Very comfortable and the location was great, lots of choice to eat out and Madison sq park to just sit in to enjoy the atmosphere. Staff were great, having breakfast/coffee was a plus although bagels and pastry can get boring if your not used to that but it was all fresh and plentiful.
bubble_50	My son and I stayed at this hotel from 14th to 21st Nov this year and had a lovely stay.  We had separate rooms a floor apart and on check-in the staff offered to move one of us the next day so we could be on the same floor. (There were no rooms available on the same floor that day)  We found this totally unnecessary and I loved being on the 4th floor as I was close to the breakfast room which has 24 hour access to a cup of tea / coffee/ juice etc. The "free" continental breakfast was totally sufficient and well re-stocked and the only reason there wouldn't be enough for all to enjoy, would be down to the unbelievable greed of some of the guests.  We saw people with trays piled high with fruit and pastries. These people will be the reason free breakfasts get knocked on the head
bubble_50	Stayed at the broadway plaza for 4 nights, lovely hotel very clean rooms nice and big, very modern  . maids in every day. Good choice of breakfast every morning, unlimited tea and coffee 24/7! All staff friendly and wanting to help. The hotel is about a 15 minutes walk away from Times Square also can see Empire State Building from our room vue, stunning view. Your also in the middle of downtown and uptown! And a 5 minute walk from Macys! Brilliant hotel would definitely recommend:)
bubble_40	This hotel did not have any reports of bugs and that was the primary reason we booked this hotel. The room was small but manageable for two. The bathroom is really cramped. Housekeeping does a good job. Breakfast is good too. The street noise is sometimes too much. I would stay here as long as it remains bug free like now.
bubble_50	Just spent a week here and cant praise hotel enough . Good sized rooms & we had great view of Empire State Building . Lovely fluffy towels provided with shampoo conditioner & soap . Hairdryer , ironing board & iron . Free continental breakfast saves a fortune in New York . Fresh bagels , croissants, pain au chocolate , muffins , bAgels , butter jam & fresh fruit & juice . Coffee & tea on tap 24/7 . Rooms spotlessly clean. Concierge & all staff really helpful & will answer any questions you may have . Metro very close by . Superb well priced hotel to hit all the tourist hotspots . Highly recommend
bubble_20	So my review might be slightly prejudiced by the constant thumping of heavy construction that is currently taking place as I write this while lying in my tiny bed in the most bland room of this crap hotel. Even without the construction, this fails to live up to any kind of 3 star standard. I've stayed in better hostels in third world countries. The shower curtain is held together with a safety pin and there is zero hot water. Why then two stars and not one I hear you ask? Well the location is good and I don't want to be naive enough to think I won't come across a worse one eventually that will warrent a one star. Oh I forgot to mention the horrible drop ceilings...
bubble_40	First of all we were so happy with staying in the Nomad district in midtown. You are literally in the middle of Manhattan and everything is easily reached by foot, subway, taxi etc. On top Broadway Plaza is at the corner of Broadway and made navigating the city quite easy. Our room on 6th floor was really nice, surprisingly spacey and had a great view of the Empire State building. Guess rooms at higher floors have an even better view.  We found the complimentary breakfast to be an excellent option  we noticed that several other reviewers complains about the selection offered, but honestly there were plenty of options to choose from and the buffet was always restocked during the opening hours. Of course the breakfast gets a little repetitive when staying for a week, but hey
bubble_20	By the end of my business trip to NY, I have visited the city for one night during the weekend. The Good: -Quite spacious room -Clean and tidy -Nice continental breakfast (while it last) -so-so location  The Bad: -Super noisy room (see below) -Cramped breakfast room   I have received a room on the 3rd floor (301), which was just on the crossroads of 27th and Broadway. During day the street noise very loud but during the night it was just unbearable although windows were closed. When I called the front-desk to ask for a room replacement, they have notified me that there are no rooms available and they offered me NOISE EAR PLUGS !! Are you for REAL ??? I took sleeping pills in order to get some sleep.  Summary: I will not return to this hotel, there are far more better options..
bubble_40	We recently stayed here for 5 nights and it is a neat and tidy convenient hotel. The breakfast of bagels, coffee, juice and muffins was just enough to get the day started. The kitchen area was small but we just took our breakfast back to our room as did other guests. The room was comfortable, not large but still enough space for 2 adults and suitcases plus free wifi. We were on the 7th floor and did not encounter much noise. The location is convenient to the subway and a 15 mintue walk to Times Square. The staff were always friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	We were a group of eight travelling to NY for a week. For my immediate family (wife and two children) we had booked a superior two queen bedded. The room was large by NY standards. The breakfast facility each morning was a god send, and even late at night my wife could still get a much needed cup of tea! So often in hotels the towels are worn out and should be consigned to the bin (trash!). Not here. The towels were new and replenished whenever you required. We found all of the staff to be helpful and would have absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel.
bubble_30	The good points are: location and the staff.  It is located on Broadway, close to subways and very easy to get around Manhattan to the tourist areas.  Staff were very friendly and helpful. There are bad points.  We are a family of 4 and were given the tiniest room imaginable.  To get into bed, I had to walk sideways between the bed and the wall.  There was insufficient space for luggage and only a few small drawers.  The bathroom was very dated although it did have everything you needed.  The provision of breakfast was one of the reasons we chose this hotel.  Breakfast is good when you can get it.  The breakfast room is also tiny and lots of pushing and shoving goes on to get the food.  The lady who attends to the room was ignorant and unhelpful. In terms of views, we were on
bubble_50	We loved everything about this hotel. It has a great location, walking distance to Times Square and the Empire State Building. We especially liked the way the room was arranged. We had a room with two queen beds and the room had an angle to it which allowed one of the beds to be tucked away somewhat from the other giving you extra privacy. They had a continental breakfast every morning with a very nice selection of donuts, pastries and bagels as well as Starbucks coffee and juice available all day. My only suggestion here would be to offer at least one healthy option even if its packets of oatmeal so you at least have one choice that isnt so caloric. The staff was very friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to stay in midtown Manhattan.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 6 nights in October we had a junior suite which had a view of The  Empire State Building. The room was large enough for 4 girls with a great seating area and fridge, bathroom was a little dated but was so clean as was the rest of the room. Breakfast was included in the price there was tea, coffee, juices bagels etc which set us up for the day and saved time on looking for somewhere for breakfast the dining room was small but we just took it back to our room.location was also great. All staff which we met was so helpful and friendly Anthony the hotel concierges was fantastic he sorted out day trips and gave us advice nothing was any bother at all. We also got recommendations from staff about places to eat. Would definitely recommend The Broadway Plaza and would
bubble_50	This hotel has the perfect location for a weekend in NYC. In Nomad with almost everything within a 10 min walk. Shake Shack in the nearby park, 230 Fifth Rooftop Bar is just around the corner, Madison Square Garden, Macys...the list goes on. When you only have a few days location is worth a lot. Only took the subway once, when visiting the area around Battery Park. Our room was perfect! On the 11th floor, with a stunning view of Empire State Building. The room was very spacious for being in NYC.  The staff were all very helpful and had great suggestions for dinner. We appreciated the 24 hr coffee service and the bagels for breakfast. One of the best stays weve had in the city!
bubble_50	We stayed in this hotel in April just after Easter weekend and absolutely loved it. Although we spent most of our day out and about it offered complete comfort on our return. The beds were comfy, there was a desk and seating area, overlooking broadway and very spacious. The bathroom was clean and also spacious. Breakfast was continental but very tasty. Its also within easy walking distance of all the main sights or near a couple of subway stations if you prefer not to walk. Macys is round the corner and so is Empire State Building. Overall a fantastic first trip to New York.
bubble_50	Excellently located hotel with fantastic staff that were so helpful! (one night my glasses broke and they came to my room with some glue so I could fix them, until I could get to the Opticianss) Our room was very spacious and immaculately clean, would highly recommend to anyone staying in NYC.
bubble_50	We just completed a 10 night stay at the Broadway Plaza Hotel. We stayed in an Empire State King Room. We were on the 13th floor and had amazing views of the Empire State Building. The room is huge and was kept clean throughout our stay. You can still hear noise from outside but this didnt keep us up.   The included hotel breakfast is fine. As described there is plenty of pastries, donuts, bagels and fruit. The free coffee is a great money saver.   The best thing about the hotel is its location. You can walk to almost anything in under an hour and for anything further away the subway is a 2 min walk away   Would definitely stay here again if ever we come back to NYC
bubble_50	Great hotel with in my opinion the best location. Staff was great and super friendly. Check in was smooth, they had a room in 1 hour. Will be back in this hotel. The room was great, big and cozy! Till next time Broadway Plaza.
bubble_40	We stayed for 7 nights and had a standard king room. The room was ok but the bathroom could do with an update.  The breakfast was nice and such a great thing not to have to look for somewhere to eat in the mornings, you just take your tray down to the breakfast room and eat it in your room. Don't understand why people are complaining when something is complimentary. The area is fantastic, subway 3 mins walk, Union Square 10 mins walk etc, plenty of restaurants/ bars to choose from and you feel safe at night.
bubble_40	The room The room we stayed in was EXTREMELY spacious. That's what you pay for if you book the suite. A table with two chairs, a desk, a seating area (sofa and chair) and two big queensize beds!  Comfortable beds, clean and large bathroom.  Bathroom Large but small bathtub / shower. A bit worn but still nice feeling.  Breakfast Bagels, creme cheese, jelly, muffins, croissants, donuts, some fruit, coffee and juice. Very boring breakfast area. We went to the room every day! Would not pay for the breakfast, rather eat out or buy at a grocery store.   Wifi Worked well! Ok to check small things like instagram, facebook and to log in to bank. Also to make facetime calls. But no to videos like youtube etc.   Location Absolutely perfect! Low on 27th! Macy's is on the 34th! Supernatural
bubble_40	Stay there for four nights in August.  We had a junior suite - absolutely massive hotel room for NYC, with 2 queen beds, a sofa bed with table, and a small sitting table.  Large bathroom as well.  Very pleased with the location - across the street is a great bar/restaurant (The Smith); just around the corner is the Chelsea Market on Sat/Sun; Madison Square Park and the Flatiron building.  One short block to subway, direct two stops to Times Square.  Breakfast is very good pastries, bagels with cream cheese, apples/bananas, and all-day coffee, tea, cold water.  The street is very quiet.  Highly recommend for a family or group looking for space.
bubble_40	We loved our stay here, our room was very clean and spacious.  The staff was beyond helpful and friendly, opening doors and helping with directions any time we asked.  The location is awesome, the subway access across the street, and close to lots of shopping and attractions.  Breakfast wasnt great but a coffee and bagel to start the day was decent. We will defiantly stay here again!!!!!
bubble_30	Booked this basically on price didn't look great on arrival with all the scaffolding .... but clean friendly staff .... room great size and large bathroom .... nice free continental breakfast .... not thatvway eat doughnuts and cupcakes for breakfast but also nice bagels and coffee.... set us up for the day ....great base for our NYC trip
bubble_30	Hotel located nearby Madison Sq. And not that far from Times Sq so location is not to bad However after dark it is an interesting area A lot of locals are living on the streets around this place Room is OK and bed comfortable Clean and relatively quiet on 11th floor Breakfast not too fancy Basic bagels with American jelly and a lot of donuts and muffins. Coffee average No sight of any vegies like tomatoes for example
bubble_40	We chose this hotel for a long weekend in NY as it is in an absolutely great location, and we were certainly not disappointed in our choice. Upon arriving, we were very impressed with our room size and the amenities available. The bathroom could do with an update, but it's hardly a major cause for concern. We were also very impressed at how quiet the room was, as it did not face the road.  The reception/door staff were very friendly, as were the housekeeping staff (though they seemed to make the rounds very early each morning!). The breakfast may seem a little limited to some, but for a couple eager to get up and go each morning tea and pastries was certainly enough for us. We also appreciated free use of the tea and coffee machines all day.  All in all, a great hotel choice for
bubble_50	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in June, 2 adults and 2 kids.  Lovely friendly staff to greet you, our room was on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the Empire State Building.  We had plenty of space in the room, it had plenty drawers and hanging space.  We used the breakfast room, but knew it would be small, so took the tray from our room down and brought the food back to our room.  There was a good selection of pastries and donuts, and coffee and fruit juice.  The concierge was so friendly and helpful, he sorted out our transfer back to the airport at a great price.  The location of the hotel was perfect, it was only a few minutes walk to the subway, and we were able to walk to most places.  I would recommend this hotel, and would definitely book again if we were to
bubble_40	Altough the hotel was under construction we were feeling at home. The rooms were clean and the staff friendly. Only thing what could be (a lot) better is breakfast. a small room is used to sit (10 persons) in or to pick up your breakfast and bring it to your room.  Although people warned us to be there early otherwise there wasnt anything left, we never had that problem.
bubble_40	We spent 8 nights at the Broadway Plaza in July 2018. We had a room on the 5th floor which was large and comfortable. The facilities are good and staff very friendly and helpful. The location is close to everything and we had an absolute ball in New York!
bubble_50	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for 5 nights in May 2018. We were firstly put at a room at the front of the hotel, but I found it difficult to sleep due to the traffic in NYC. The hotel were very accommodating, despite it being full, they went to great lengths to move me up a few floors and towards the back of the hotel, also get a great view if you stay higher up so that was a bonus. From then on in, our stay was perfect. The breakfast was great, very filling to get us going for the day, it also saved us a lot of money. The hotel is in a great location, about 10-15 minutes walk from Times Square, and the Hotel is very close to transport links to get around. Dont walk everywhere, we learnt that very quickly.
bubble_50	Just returned from a stay in the Broadway Plaza Hotel. Ideal location, spacious room with exceptionally comfty beds. Concierge Anthony was incredibly helpful and arranged tour tickets for us before arrival making our trip so much easier. Our children loved their stay. Very helpful staff, lovely continental breakfast to start the day. Highly recommend this hotel!
bubble_40	Family of 4, with 2 teens. Room was large enough for the 4 of us and the rollaway we requested. Beds comfortable; delicious pastries for breakfast. Our favorite was the chocolate croissants. Yum. We were on the 4th floor which made getting breakfast very convenient. The room looked exactly like pictured on the site. Very clean and comfortable to relax after a long day of walking. Convenient location. Within walking to Madison Square Park and the original Shake Shack, Lukes Lobster and Cafe 28 were our favorites restaurants nearby. Starbucks directly across the street. We went all over, from Staten Island to Flushing to the Bronx and this hotel is conveniently located to subway to access to all these locations (including Times Square and Central Park of course!) was
bubble_40	We booked this hotel on ok recent trip to New York. It is located very central to the attraction. I was little disappointed with the hotel facilties of not having bar, restraunant. Very friendly staff. On the last day I met the owner and he said that he was going strip it down and refurbish. Overall very good.
bubble_50	The hotel is situated centrally to most points of interests, in the corner of East 27th Street and Broadway Street. Across the street is The Smith bar and restaurant which closes at 2am. The Matcha Matcha store is also across the NE side, where you can delve into almost anything with matcha. The 28th subway is just a block away. Very small lobby with a long leather couch for waiting clients but very clean and efficient. My room on the 4th floor is conveniently adjacent to the breakfast room. Simple, clean and very modernized room. Two big windows on each side of the bed with white wooden blinds that compliments the black and white motif bed. The breakfast room has a big starbucks coffee brewer, a milk dispenser, a big brewed coffee machine, a juice machine (orange and apple and
bubble_40	Hotel is in great location, clean & comfortable  Rooms & bathrooms need updating , the shower was not great. Breakfast was good but room where held  was extremely hot . Had to take food back to our room every morning.
bubble_40	Nice small hotel in a not-so-bad position / area (a couple of blocks down from the Empire State Building - that lit up magnificently at night outside our bedroom window) No food or drink facilities = but clean with nice staff and with very reasonable rates.
bubble_40	Looks very small when you go in but is really nice once in, we enjoyed our stay beds are really comfy & the view from our room was beauitful looked outside and could see the Empire State building. Would definitly stay there again.
bubble_30	I stayed here for 6 nights with my wife and 2 children.   Pros: Good location, friendly staff, free continental breakfast, free wifi   Cons: The room was tiny. No table, no fridge, noisy air con unit, noisy street sounds all night (we were on the first floor), bed was terrible.  I wouldnt stay here again.
bubble_50	Stayed here for three nights last week for a quick visit to the city to see the David Bowie exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum. My nephew and I were able to check in a bit early and were very excited that our room had a beautiful view of the Empire State Building. The location is excellent, just a block away from my favorite building - the Flatiron. Very convenient to everything and a subway station steps away. The staff was super friendly, Anthony is a gem and very helpful. We felt safe even coming back later in the evenings. The breakfast was perfect to get us going for our busy day and the donuts were yummy. I don't know why people have any complaints at all about the breakfast - most hotels don't even offer it and it was a nice addition. The rooms were bigger than your typical
bubble_50	Wow! This place was an amazing stop gap. We only slept here and had breakfast but the staff were attentive and so helpful. The room was clean and roomy. The breakfast was plentiful. The staff have a great knowledge of the best tickets to help save money on the trips you want to do.
bubble_50	Stayed in the hotel for 5 nights in the end of May with a friend. The hotel location was really good from our perspective, many things in the walking distance and several great restaurants just around the corner.   The room was bigger than expected, clean and nicely refurnished. The only negative side on the room was the curtains, which did not allow the room to go all dark. Fridge would have been a nice plus, but with the breakfast included in the price and with access to the ice machine not a big deal.   Breakfast was very basic, but we did not miss anything else. Coffee was available all day long, not just during breakfast hours. The breakfast room was small, but we solved that by taking the food with us and ate in the room instead.  The staff was really friendly and helpful,
bubble_40	We (3 friends from Australia) stayed here for a week 7-14 June.  We found the location really convienint... about a 20-25 minute walk to Times Square... or you can catch the Metro as the stop is just on the corner near the hotel. We were also able to walk to Penn station to use the train out to the Mets game.  Beds were comfy.  Big bathroom which was clean, but didn't have very good ventilation, so smelt damp.  We could see the Empire State Building from our room (904) which was awesome to see the different coloured lights each night.  Staff were helpful.  Breakfast was basic, but enough to get you going.  Lifts could be slow, but no big deal.
bubble_50	We arrived late at night and were warmly welcomed, quickly checked in, guided to somewhere to get a meal, and everything just stayed brilliant for the whole of our stay. Our room was very good, 5th floor, on the corner so twin aspect, and not noisy. A table and chairs to sit at would have been nice as we know other rooms had that.The bed was really comfortable so we slept well. Anthony the concierge and all is colleagues were exceptional. Nothing was too much trouble, excellent advice on transport and sight-seeing and also bars and restaurants. The breakfast room is tiny so lots of people choose to get their breakfasts and take them back to their rooms. The food provided is basic but  fine, bagels, croissants, muffins and fruit with tea/coffee and juice. We cannot recommend the
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week with my wife and daughter. Upon initially seeing the area where its situated I was a bit sceptical but I have to admit I was wrong. The hotel check-in was nice and easy, the staff were very nice and friendly, informative and we were given 3 key cards so we had enough for 1 each. Being a small hotel the reception is small with 1 4 seater sofa which is next to an information stand which is full of pamphlets on various attractions, eateries etc. Upon seeing the room the sleeping/living area was smaller than I was expecting but it was large enough for the 3 of us and was decorated modernly. In contrast to the other room the bathroom was pretty large and was decorated not quite as modern but again it was fine for us. The breakfast area is a small room on the
bubble_40	We stayed at The Broadway Plaza Hotel for 4 nights during May. We got in later than expected due to arriving right when a storm hit. When checking in I asked what floor we were on and if it had views of The Empire State Building, I was told level 6 and no, no views. I think because we were friendly we were upgraded to Level 10 and a fabulous view of The Empire State Building. We were thrilled. Whilst the breakfast room was tiny (our family of four went down once, from then I went down and got our breakfast and returned back to our room to eat it) I was happy there was any kind of breakfast at all. Plenty of pastries & bagels.Hotel staff were lovely and our room was beautiful and clean. I would certainly recommend staying here.
bubble_50	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza from 17th to 23rd May in room 602. Our room overlooked the main street and had a bit of a view of the Empire State building. Lovely comfortable bed, which was changed every day also loads of fresh towels daily. Plenty toiletries if you don't want to take your own, iron and ironing board. The complimentary breakfast is really good, you just take your tray down to the 4th floor get whatever you like and take it back to your room where we had a little table to sit at, tea and coffee were on offer 24-7. The staff here were great from the reception, throughout the hotel, special praise to the cleaning staff as you never seen them but your room was always spotless.well done!! The subway is just a minute walk away, we paid $33 for a week ticket which we
bubble_40	Visited this hotel for 3 nights from 1st May for a treat for my wife and myself. What a great stay, the hotel rooms are very spacious with iron/ iron board, hair dryer and toiletries included. Room was cleaned every day. A buffet breakfast is included, this being croissants, do nuts, muffins and bananas with coffee/tea available 24 hours a day from the dining room. The only slight negative was the dining room is small, so cannot accommodate many seated guests. Most people took the breakfast back to their room. Possibly a more savoury option could be included. Staff were excellent with Anthony the concierge being very helpful and knowledgeable of  what there is to do and helping arrange tickets or taxis. We were on the 2nd floor so didn't get a view of the Empire state building
bubble_50	I visited this hotel.for a long weekend at end of April. Hotel was lovely, very clean and in an ideal location. The breakfast option was a great idea, fresh bagels, fruit and cakes every day saving having to venture out each morning in search of breakfast. Anthonh was very helpful arranging for our transport back to the airport. Had a room overlooking the Empire State Building with was roomy with lovely fluffy towels. Would highly recommend this hotel abd thoroughly enjoyed our visit
bubble_40	I went to New York for my 18th birthday and original room at the broadway plaza didnt have a view of the Empire State Building we emailed the hotel and asked for a view and they were happy to Accommodate. The staff were lovely and helpful with tours in New York especially Anthony he was able to tell us about New York and showed us were we could get a discount on Broadway tickets. The hotel is a short distance into the cities main attractions and close by to 28th metro station. New Yorks attractions were in walking distance. The beds were really comfy and the room was lovely and clean. I enjoyed the food in the morning freshly made buns,cakes and bread and they was plenty of coffee.   This hotel is honestly a lovely hotel with helpful staff. We are going to New York in October
bubble_50	Myself and my wife stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel last week and have to say we had a great experience. The location couldn't be better with it being a 5mins walk to the Empire State Building. The room was great, a large space that was clean and felt modern. The highlight though is Anthony (the consierge) who organised both tickets to Phantom of the Opera and a bus tour for us. His knowledge was invaluable and even managed to get us a discount on both.  I'd recommend staying here as a base to see the sights and really experience New York.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 8 nights, myself, wife and 13 year old daughter. I had requested a high floor but on check in was given floor 2, I guess everyone wants a high floor and checking in at 6.30 pm all the high floors would have gone early. We were in room 207 it was a very spacious L shaped room by far the biggest we have stayed in in New York. The room was very dark with only one small window, so had to have light on all the time during the day, felt a bit prison like at times. The room had lots of draw space,wardrobe space and cupboard space which is great when 3 of us are sharing. Bathroom was a little dated but functional again with lots of counter space and clean. The one big issue we had was on the Friday night when 4 females shared the room next to ours and decided to party
bubble_50	Great hotel for location, only 5 mins from Macys and 10 to Times Square. Area immediately around the hotel is a little run down with people trying to sell counterfeit goods but a lot of building work is happening so I am sure it will not stay like this for long. The hotel itself is lovely, check in was lovely and quick with friendly staff. Our room was on the 12th floor (I had emailed a month ahead of our visit to ask for a high floor room which was accommodated with no issues) with a view of the Empire State Building, just amazing. The room itself was a spacious double compared with others I have stayed in New York and the room was lovely and clean. The only issue I would have is the elevators. There is only 2 for the whole hotel (one only serves floors 1-7) and they seemed to
bubble_50	The room was spacious and clean, the location was excellent and the staff was always helpful. Anthony, the concierge, was awesome and helpful with directions, restaurants and with findings tickets to shows. One evening my kids wanted hot cocoa, so I asked the desk for a couple of packets to make some. They couldnt find any, but instead chose to go to Starbucks and purchase my kids some, and surprise them with it, hot cocoa at no cost to us! Above and beyond! When we return to NYC we will not consider staying anywhere else and would recommend this hotel to anyone!
bubble_50	What an amazing place to stay in New York City. This was our first trip to New York and coming from Australia we had heard that accomodation was tiny. We stayed in the Junior king suite and it had the most spectacular view of the Empire State Building. The room was large enough to have both a living area and a king size bed. It was like an oasis away from the hustle and bustle. The staff were amazing and welcoming and Anthony the concierge was always there to help, give advice and get tickets to the best shows in town. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York and I hope to get back again myself one day.
bubble_50	Booked a superior room with 2 queen beds for 5 nights. Stayed here with my husband and my daughter to celebrate her 21st birthday. On arrival asked if we could have one of the L shaped rooms which they kindly obliged. What a huge comfortable room for NY standards. Plenty storage and a large (bit dated ) bathroom. We had air conditioning which we needed on even at end of March. Our room was at the back and on 5th floor so very quiet. Very good standard of pastries and muffins for breakfast which my daughter loved and the hot Chocolate. The location in midtown was superb as if you turned right you were minutes away from Flatiron building with great shops.  A few blocks across found a great bar called Churchills food was excellent best mac n cheese. We also brought a pizza back
bubble_40	We stayed here for 5 nights (2 adults and two teenagers), the room was spacious and comfortable. The only negative for us were the pillows which were a little lumpy, each night we said we would ask at reception in the morning to see if we could change them and then each day we completely forgot, too busy getting ready for the day ahead. So to be fair we never gave the hotel a chance to do anything about them, Im sure they would have changed them. The breakfast was good, just go down between 7 - 10 and pick up 2 pastries per person, unlimited bagals, some coffee and juice and go back to your room, perfect. No need to get up early either the lovely lady regularly re-stocks the croissants etc. We always got our preferred choice. All the staff we spoke to were really helpful. There
bubble_40	We have stayed in this hotel 3 times and once found good one, why to change? In April we are going to stay there again! Once we had room next to elevatorengineroom and it was quite noisy but the friendly stuff managed to change our room. Usually we have got the room where we wished ( like upperfloor and good view) .The breakfast is nice start to new day with adventure but its mostly based on buns and croissants and bagels so there is almost nothing if you need glutenfree diet because of healthy reason. Maybe here is something to think about and maybe to develop? Well anyway  our favourite hotel in Manhattan!
bubble_50	From the minute we met Anthony he took care of us. He sold us the best tickets for all of our excursions and transportation which made our sightseeing easy to do! He was always so nice and genuinely cared about our day and gave us the best advice. We loved seeing him everyday and are honestly going to miss him a lot. I hope this hotel is taking care of this gentleman because he takes care of everyone who comes to the hotel. Our stay would not have been as great if we didnt have Anthony guiding us. Take care Anthony! Hope to see you again one day!
bubble_50	My husband, daughter and I spent 1 week at the Broadway Plaza during March 2018.  Wed booked a junior suite with queen beds and the room was huge, immaculate and with an Empire State view.  The breakfast was great because it meant we could grab coffee/fruit juice, bagels, muffins, donuts early and be good to go.   Staff were always helpful and friendly and made our stay perfect ... well be back !!
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights in March 2018.  The location is ideal.  We wanted to see sights both north and south of this location and its close proximity to more than one subway line was very convenient for zipping around town.  I felt very safe coming to and from the hotel.  There are several good restaurants nearby but definitely not the nightlife we found in the Lower Eastside which was great because it made the street noise at night much more tolerable.  The free breakfast was a pleasant surprise--really high quality pastries, croissants, doughnuts, muffins--not the cheap kinds you usually find at hotels' continental breakfasts.  Plan to take your items to your room to eat them, though as the breakfast room is quite small.    We took the subway to and from JFK with no
bubble_40	The Hotel is situated close to a lot of very famous locations. It is his biggest advantage. My room was on the 22nd floor, with a nice view of downtown.  Connection to the public transportation is very good. Distance from the JFK Airport, by taxi, is 1 hour and also max 75 USD (tip 20% included). The neighbor is full of attractions, very good restaurants, bars, shops. You can feel strong, positive energy from the side of the Hotels staff. They are professional, polite, helpful. A bar is a nice place, full of people, good offer of drinks and food. Breakfast was with a very good choice. Room was clean, big enough, bed very comfortable. Our walk from the Hotel to Madison Square Garden was not too long (20 min).  From the Hotel, by the metro, is also very simple and easy to get the
bubble_40	We stayed here for 3 nights in January 2018.  Would definitely recommend if you don't mind staying a little outside of Times Square, but if you want to be in the middle of it this probably wouldn't be the best option.  Right beside 230 fifth rooftop bar and the Flatiron building.  We also like walking a lot, so we did walk to 9/11 but this did take approx. 1 hour, but as I say we like walking.  It is not a million miles from Times Square, we did walk there also but wouldn't be the handiest for nights out etc there.  The hotel itself was very good, clean and the room was quite big (in New York standards).  Bathroom was not the most modern but was nice enough, breakfast pastries were quite nice (especially since it was free).  Not the most luxurious but for the price, I think you
bubble_50	We had a girls trip to New York city and it was a first time for many. So glad we chose the Broadway Plaza hotel!! The staff was amazing. So accommodating and helpful.  When we arrived the only rooms they had were on 2nd and 3rd floors.  They offered to move us to higher rooms the next day and we had a perfect night view of the empire state building! the continental breakfast was exactly as we though.  Bagels, muffins, fruit and coffee/juice. Beds were very comfortable and room was clean. It was centrally located to many attractions and a quick walk from Penn Station! I would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay here again the next time I visit NY! Thanks for a great stay and making this trip memorable for us!
bubble_50	This hotel is a great find and real value for money. I stayed 3 nights and can not have been happier. I arrived just after 11am expecting to put my bag in and go straight out, but the lovely lady on reception found me a room immediately so I could rest and freshen up.  This was just the start of the 5 star service you will get from the staff. Anthony, the concierge is worth a special mention. He can help you with anything you need and is always friendly.  Room - I stayed in 604. This was big by New York standards and kept spotless by the maids. Bed was really comfortable. The room had everything you will need with the added bonus of a hairdryer that actually had some oomph to it. No kettle but I went via the 4th floor and picked up fresh coffee whenever I fancied one. I didn't
bubble_40	Stayed here in February 18 for 4 nights. The hotel is in a really great location in midtown, W27th street. The nearest subway is only 1 block away which is handy. The hotel is really clean, with all rooms cleaned daily (left a tip for the maid on a daily basis). The double room was actually quite spacious for a hotel in Manhattan, plus we had a stunning view of the Empire State from our window! This was only a 10-15 min walk away, as was Times Square. Plenty of bars and restaurants nearby and the hotel allows takeaway food being delivered (we had a pizza one night)! There is quite a good range of room service too, and the staff here were very polite and helpful. We forgot to get an adaptor for the UK plugs and reception had plenty. The shower in the room was a bit small however
bubble_50	All the way from Scotland and really loved this hotel.  It was central enough without being in the middle of Times Square.  The rooms were lovely and very clean (maid service and towels on a daily basis - enough towels for a change at night too) Staff very helpful and friendly.  Would certainly recommend this hotel .
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I stayed here from the 16th February till the 20th February. We had the most amazing time and the hotel was everything that we needed. With it being our first holiday alone the staff were very friendly and helpful giving us tips and advice on where to eat and go. The room was clean with a lovely view of the Empire State Building. We had an issue with the toilet and someone was sent up to the room straight away to fix it. Would 100% recommend!
bubble_40	This is a really good hotel at a very nice location. Close to lots of things. Many rooms has a view towards the Empire State Building.  Great service from the staff. Simple breakfast included in the price. We have been here before, we have recommended family and friends to stay here (then have all liked it), and we will come back again in the future.
bubble_30	I stayed here two nights for work. The location was good for my needs . The Empire State view was pretty.  Firstly this is a no frills hotel. No lobby . No bar . The "breakfast room" is not like what you get at a chain, but there's a Starbucks across the street .   Location is convenient if you like nomad , flat iron, Chelsea , herald square , madison Square Park.   Staff was very nice .  No VALET you have to park car on 28 th and 6th and walk. In the rain I wasn't pleased . You have to pull up drop bags get back in car , drive to lot and walk . In traffic this process took me 45 minutes .   Room was cute , looked very clean but bathroom has no vent so there were signs of mold.
bubble_50	Just back from a 4 night stay in the Broadway Plaza Hotel. We were there with our 2 children. The room was fantastic - great size for a New York hotel room. The breakfast was a great bonus.  The breakfast room was small but the bagels & pastries were great to set you up for the day! You can bring the breakfast back to your room at busy times. Would definitely stay here again!!
bubble_50	Cannot recommend this hotel enough. Everyone was extremely helpful especially Anthony when we had problems with our return shuttle to the airport. When we arrived we were thrilled with our room on the 11th floor complete with view of the Empire State Building. The complimentary breakfast was brilliant we took the tray down and took it back to our room, the doughnuts the best I had ever tasted. Excellent wifi in room. Very clean and comfortable.
bubble_50	Great location to explore. For Manhattan really big rooms, practical, clean, comfy beds and if you're lucky with a super view to the Empire State. Super friendly and helpful staff which made our stay even better. We enjoyed the breakfast (Bagels with Cream Cheese, Danish Pastry, Juices and hot drinks), taking it to our room with tray provided. Just enough for a good start. Hot drinks and water are available 24h. Wi-Fi was very good in our room all times needed. The entry to the hotel looks really small but when you come to your room you'll be positively surprised! A great hotel with very good value for money. We felt really comfortable and will definitely go back when in NYC
bubble_50	Have just stayed at the hotel for 7 days.  The room was a good size, clean and had comfortable bedding.  Offers a simple continental breakfast. Walking distance to popular attractions such as Maddison Square Garden and Times Square. Anthony our concierge was very helpful and helped organised sightseeing tickets and our taxi to the airport.  Would stay again!!
bubble_40	This small quaint hotel is 5 mins walk from the Flat Iron Building and 10-15 mins to the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and Macy's. Staff very friendly & helpful. Two queen beds, TV, ironing board and hairdryer in our room. No restaurant or bar on-site but there was a steak house opposite, Wagamama's on the same block and a pizza place next door. The deli on the next block provided room service if required (toasties/omelette/panini/sandwiches). Free breakfast served in the hotel each morning from 7am, bagels, muffins, donuts, fruit, tea/coffee etc. Subway on the corner of the street. Very central would highly recommend.
bubble_50	Superb hotel, rooms much bigger than other hotels in New York, great staff, and a can't do enough for you, definitely recommend, location perfect for site seeing, stayed in room 1102  had a view of empire state building, watching it lying down on the bed.
bubble_50	We have just returned from a 5 nights stay in NYC and stayed at the Broadway Plaza. The location of this hotel is perfect, everything is within walking distance.   Anthony the head hotel concierge was brilliant, he would talk to us daily and check we were ok for the day. Then in the evenings when returning the evening hotel concierge would always welcome us back. Anthony organised our cab to JFK airport on our departure day as well.   The rooms were cleaned daily and the bed was really comfy, we had a good sleep every night. Our view was the Empire State Building which was a fantastic bonus. The breakfast and 24hour coffee and jucies were great too.   Thank you for an enjoyable stay!
bubble_40	I have picked up a two-bed suite because I was supposed to travel with my friend. Nevertheless, my friend didn't got the visa, so it was just a room for me and it was great. The hotel is located not-so-far from the Penn Station, so you could get off from your train and just walk to the hotel. The room is good and cozy, but the proprietors should add Netflix and HBO to the T V, so it wouldn't be too boring on the night. Not counting that, everything else was great - the food, the room, the bath and the location. There is only one thing - the hotel should add bigger beds, because the beds are not too suitable for tall guys like me. But if you want to stay near Times Square and Empire State Bulding - pick up this hotel and you won't regret it!
bubble_40	We struggled to find a hotel in NYC that wasn't an extortionate price in Manhattan and this one ticked the boxes. The location is brilliant, only 10mins from the Empire State building and 20mins (ish) from Madison Square Gardens. We unfortunately didn't have a room with a view but the room we did get was very big with lovely beds. The bathrooms are a bit dated and breakfast is very basic - think bagels, doughnuts and pastries that you take back to your room as the seating area is small. There is tea and coffee available 24/7 in the communal area, it's a shame they don't have this in the rooms. We had a great stay and would happily stay again.
bubble_50	We stayed from late December to mid January, visiting from Australia. We were amazed at the size of the room when we walked in after 28 hours of traveling. Two queen sized beds, 2 chest of drawers (one with 3 drawers and one with 6 drawers), hanging space, a desk and a sitting table with two chairs. While the bathroom was old, it had a shower/bath combo. On the 4th floor, we could see the Empire State Building but along with a lot of old and construction buildings. Standard free wifi was okay but as 2 20-something friends, we need to be on social media obviously so we upgraded to paying for wifi. The more you buy in advance, the bigger the discount. The free breakfast was on our level (4th floor) as well (which may have meant we walked out in our pajamas but we weren't the only
bubble_40	We stayed here late October 2017. The staff were very helpful upon our arrival, and the room was very comfortable and clean. We had a part view of the Empire State. The bathroom was small but clean and could do with some modernisation.  The breakfast room is very small forbthe size of the hotel and could do with second facility for the higher floors.  We walked to most of our daily destinations, and found the hotel was well situated. A few great bars in the area one been a rooftop bar and another reminding us of the speak easy scene called Oscr Wilde 45 west 27th. If your peckish when returning the pizza shop next door to the hotel is great too.
bubble_50	We are a family of 8 adults. We started looking for affordable accommodation (4 bedrooms) thirteen months before our arrival date in a good location with at least one of the rooms large enough for us all to congregate at the end of the day. Such accommodation is not easy to find in Manhattan. However Broadway Plaza Hotel was definitely worth the time I spent hunting online! Their employees are awesome and very accommodating, evident from the very first phone call I made to them. We were celebrating my moms 75th birthday so we were hoping for her room to have a view of the Empire State Building and it did! It was a huge room with 2 sitting areas and large windows. A great spot for someone with claustrophobia! All of our rooms were much larger than we expected. The front desk
bubble_30	We stayed here during our 6 nights in NYC in December 2017.  The staff we came into contact with were all very helpful, especially concierge.  We were located on the 10th floor in a room overlooking the Empire State Building which was stunning.  We slept very well and the room was a great size, however only one desk chair and no other chair in the room, dated bathroom (but clean), however no one prewarned us about the shoddy breakfast!  My god our faces must have been a picture when we arrived into what we thought must have been a mistake as it looked like the staff room, a very basic selection of pastries, tea, coffee and fruits, 4 tables and some chairs in an overheated tiny room for the whole hotel!  I presume you are meant to take your breakfast and go or eat in your room,
bubble_50	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for a week beginning of December..Jnr suite room 1210.. An absolute beauty of a find.. Central to all the attractions.. Our room looked out onto the Empire State Building.. We were less than 5 mins walk to the Flat Iron Building.. The hotel is lovely, bright and airy. Our bedding & towels were changed daily. The staff are really friendly.. Anthony the concierge couldn't do enough to help us..finding us some great deals on all the attractions. The complimentary continental breakfast is great & really set us up for the day.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 5 nights at the beginning of December. We stayed in the Empire State room on the 13th floor and OMG we was not disappointed. The room and the view was fantastic we was so pleased. The hotel is in an excellent location close to subway and walking distance to Times Square,Macys and Empire State. All staff went out of there way to make our stay as perfect especially Antony. We will definitely be returning in the future
bubble_40	I was very pleased with updated rooms and newish furniture in the room. It was clean and well kept. My only complaint about the room is the blinds - they put very cheap horizontal blinds that don't shut completely and the room is very bright. You can't really sleep there once the sun rises which is absolutely unacceptable for a hotel room.  The hallways and lobby are pretty old and not welcoming. There is only one elevator that services higher floors. Sometimes it may take 10-15 minutes going up or down. That was frustrating.   Considering the lower price of the hotel, it's quite acceptable but I really urge the hotel to invest into better blinds or hang curtains on top of blinds at least.
bubble_40	3 sisters + 1 enjoyed our large jr. Suite and comfortable beds for two nights. Chose this hotel for all the positive comments.  Appreciated the luggage storage as due to flights, arrived a couple of hours before check in time and wanted to get in as much sight seeing as possible.  Also checked luggage after check out because of we could tour a bit more before evening flights.  Car service arranged by Anthony for trip back to airport. All staff members courteous and helpful. Breakfast choices and eating in our room was perfect for us.
bubble_40	I stayed here over thanksgiving and Black Friday with my wife! The Hotel itself is lovely very clean, loved having Free WiFi and the breakfast well its free it does until you get proper food somewhere else, we where put on the 8th floor which was great as we requested a higher floor, seen previous reviews about the bathroom needing updating ?? Really if ye wanted classy ya shoulda stayed somewhere else, it was lovely and clean, you get hotels out there that are upgraded recently and are very dirty, only reason I gave 4 star is the area is a bit sketchy but wouldnt stop me staying again, staff are very friendly and nothing is too much to ask.
bubble_50	My mum and I went to NYC and stayed here. It was excellent! Our room was huge! Very modern (the bathroom was not - a bit old fashion, but did its job) Everyone was very helpful, especially Anthony the concierge. Got us a great price for Kinky Boots. He is an asset to the hotel!  The breakfast was ok, pastries, bagels, donuts, apples and bananas. Was more than enough for us. Loved the idea that we could help ourselves to tea, coffee, orange juice, apple juice and water whenever we wanted.  It was about 5 minutes from Macys and about 15 minute walk to Times Square.  I would stay here again if I ever go back to NYC.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 3 nights late Nov 2017 - picked it based on Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed.  The location was amazing - 1 minute walk to the subway. Going uptown you could get to Times Square in 2 stops, Rockefeller Centre in 3 stops and Central Park in 4 stops. Going downtown it took you straight to 911 Memorial and Museum. 5 mins walk to Macys and the Flatiron Building. Also 2 mins walk to 230 Fifth Rooftop Bar.  The room was modern and huge by NY standards. The free breakfast was a nice way to start the day and save money - fruit juices, tea, coffee, several varieties of bagels with cream cheese, several varieties of donuts and pastries. Apples and bananas for a bit of healthiness!  The only thing you could say was a negative was the fact that there is no bar
bubble_40	Rooms were clean and spacious, if a little basic.  Two large very comfy beds. Large bathroom with lots of clean towels daily.  Breakfast in the little kitchen on the fourth floor was fresh, clean and tasty and set us up for the day.  Toasted bagels and cream cheese or a doughnut or muffin and good coffee all available from 7am.  Starbucks coffee machine available all day.  Opposite is a lively bar and restaurant called The Smith which is popular so book a table if you can.  A few doors down from there is a beautiful wine bar.
bubble_50	We visited your hotel from the 2nd of October to the 11th. From entering your hotel we were greeted with such friendly and warm hospitality. We ended our trip in NYC after travelling this beautiful country for the last 5 week's. If we could frequent this hotel every year it would truly be a dream.  With large rooms and a large bathroom. We were on the 5th floor with a view of the empire state building. The subway is diagonally across the rd to either go up or down town. 15min walk to times square or 2 stops on the subway. Anthony is worth his weight in gold. Considering he is a long standing employee and head conceirge, his knowledge was impeccable. He arranged our helicopter flights over NYC and The lion king Broadway show. (Perfect seating). Rebecca and Aman from reception
bubble_50	From the moment we arrived to leaving the staff helped to Make our holiday memorable.  Anthony the concierge helped,opus to get tickets for the xmas spectacular, Wellington the, other guys on the door, reception staff and housekeeping are the most helpful and polite individuals Ive experienced in hotels anywhere.  Our room, was on the 12th floor with two double beds and overlooked the Empire State Building.  Complimentary breakfast added to our stay with a selection of bagels, doughnuts, juice, pastries and coffee were just the ticket before a day in the city.  The room was also quiet so we were able to sink into the soft mattresses and get a good nights sleep.  We will Most definitely return on our next trip to New York, the hospitality was amazing, well done to All who make
bubble_50	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza for just short of a week and what a great place to stay. All the staff were extremely helpful and Anthony the head concierge managed to get us brilliant seats at massively reduced cost for the Rockettes show at Radio City.  Fantastic location right on the R line subway that takes you all the way downtown to the Staten Island ferries and 911 / one world observatory and uptown to Tim Sq, Central Park and Rockefeller centre also 5 min walk to Empire State Building. Great little breakfast of bagels, donoughts, muffins and free Starbucks coffee. We will be back..
bubble_50	Hotel fantastic, well organised, reception & concierge very friendly. Excellent room, clean, lovely size, comfy large beds, beautiful view of the Empire State Building. Complementary breakfast of bagels, muffins, pastries, juice, tea & coffee. Complementary coffee available 24 hours a day. Location a bonus.
bubble_40	This review is for a two-night stay earlier this year with my husband and daughter.  We needed a room with two queen beds* to accommodate three people comfortably (without breaking the bank in the process).   [*side note: it can be hard to find double rooms with two queens -- personally I feel like double beds are too small to share.] The Broadway Plaza was a great value in an excellent location.  The property is not new, but it's not too tired.  The room was very spacious, especially by NYC standards.  The bathroom wasn't sexy, but it was functional and good sized.  Didn't have double sinks, but not a deal-breaker.  Had a nice view looking north on Broadway.  The breakfast area is a dingy little room that's overwhelmingly crowded in the morning with guests jockeying for
bubble_40	We spent 5 nights here and had no problems. We booked a junior Suite, so our room was huge (still rubbish views though) and clean.  It is in a great location just a few minutes walk from Macy's and the Flat Iron and more importantly the 'Nutella Bar!' and a Pizza Place underneath the Hotel.  Our room was cleaned every day with fresh towels, and the Hotel offers free water and coffee 24 hours a day. There is also free continental Breakfast from 7-10 am on the 4th floor offering pastries, donuts, bagels and croissants. The staff were always friendly and helpful I think I converted a couple of them to Terry's chocolate orange, as we always take chocolate to leave as tips (as well as dollars obviously), but Housekeeping took the Dollars but not the chocolate the first day. By the
bubble_50	We stayed here 2 years ago and found this hotel to be one of the best we have stayed in and in an excellent location. The breakfast is ample with limited choice but what more do you need!!  Can't wait to get here again and arrive at this fantastic hotel on 22nd November. See you then folks!!!!
bubble_40	Rooms have been recently refurbished and are large enough (bathroom is a little bit small but shower is hot enough). only 4 tables for the bedroom but it is not a surprise and most of the tourists bring back to their bedroom their breakfasts. The good surprise is that bagels are really fresh and delicious. Opportunity to have a coffee or a tea all day long in the 4th floor is nice. Our room was only at the 5th floor, not high enough to have the view on the Empire State Building. Very difficult to close the door of the room from the outside without making a lot of noise. Nice people at the reception. Only 100m to walk to take the subway (28th street). Nice location with various opportunities to have diner. As a confusion, it was a good choice and we recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	Location wise, this hotel is very close to the subway and within about 25 minutes walk of Time Square. However the area surrounding the hotel is not very pleasant and there are very few decent places to eat close by. The menu of the restaurant opposite looked promising but it was extremely noisy. There is a takeaway pizza shop next door if you are desperate. Our room was large and modern, however the bathroom had clearly not been refurbished at the same time and was quite dated. The towels were fluffy though! We were on the third floor and consequently there was a lot of traffic noise at all times - we had taken ear plugs and we needed them.  The breakfast is in a tiny room on the 4th floor with only four tables - for a 7 storey hotel! Most people took the trays from their room
bubble_50	We stayed for 4 nights & it was a great base for sightseeing in the city. It's 5 min walk to the Flatiron building & Madison Square Gardens, about 20 mins walk to Times Square. The staff were really friendly & we had a family room that was cleaned daily & a good size with 2 Queen sized beds in.  Breakfast was pastries, croissants, doughnuts & drinks. We had a tray in the room so took food back up there to eat. Plenty of places to eat & drink nearby. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	First impressions of reception was not the best, however, things got better from there. The beds were very very comfortable, pillows were divine, towels nice and thick.  Clean bedroom.  Breakfasts very nice.  Had toasted bagels and blueberry muffin with banana every day.  The dining room was small but there is a tray in your bedroom which you can use to take breakfasts back up to your room.  It was great being able to have free tea and coffee all day.  The hotel is very well placed to be able to visit all attractions on foot and the Empire State Building could be seen out of our window.  It was amazing that we were in mid-town Manhattan as the hotel was so quiet.  Brilliant stay.
bubble_50	This was a surprise visit organised by my boyfriend. The hotel staff are so friendly and helpful. The rooms are very big and had an amazing view of the Empire State.. breakfast is available on one of the floors which is a fab start to the day. Would definitely stay here again
bubble_40	Can't really fault this hotel at all. The room we had was spotless, the bed comfy, the breakfast was continental style and was adequate to start the day. Reception staff were courteous. The only downside for me was that after we checked out we went on a cruise and on our return we would have liked to have left our suitcases for the day as we had a night flight home but this was against hotel policy. If I had known this I would have chosen another hotel. But apart from this we had a lovely stay here.
bubble_50	Central position for going up town/down town in New York. Staff so friendly and helpful. I would say rooms recently refurbished. Breakfast room a little quaint but all that you need for buffet style and lovely patiserries which can be taken to the room. A boutique style hotel, which felt really good to come back to after up state trip.
bubble_40	In the middle of the area we wanted to explore, walking distance from the Empire State Building and Times Square and only a short metro ride to Little Italy and Chinatown, this was a perfect hotel for us. The breakfast was a continental style with an emphasis on "Bagels and Buns" which was plenty for us as all the other meals we had seemed to be USA super sized. The area where breakfast was served could get a little crowded at times but it was better to eat in the room anyway.  Another great advantage was tea and coffee available 24 hours a day in the breakfast area. Having arrived and walked down a narrow corridor to reception and gone up to the room in one of two separate lifts(One only goes to the 7th floor) it did feel a little confining but once in the room the view of the
bubble_50	On arrival at our hotel was was checked in quickly and efficiently and was given a room on the 12th floor and we was very happy when opening the blinds to see the Empire State Building. The breakfast was available on the forth floor where coffee is available all day and the breakfast consisted of Orange juice,Coffee,Bagels,Muffins and Doughnuts which you bring up to your room on the tray provided.all in all a great hotel,great location just 20 minutes from Times Square and good food would recommend
bubble_50	There are so many good things to say about this hotel that I hardly know where to start.  Firstly the staff are all very lovely and helpful and especially the doorman Lazaro. He deserves a special mention as he was always smiling and friendly and opened the door and got the lift for us. It was lovely to see him after a hot and tiring day.  The hotel itself is beautifully decorated and so clean. Wherever you go it always smells lovely and even the in the lifts.   The room we stayed in was on the 12th floor and was a good size. A large bed and bathroom and a desk, tv and also a sofa.   The breakfast room is such a good idea. You get pastries and fresh fruit in the morning.  The area is quite small but trays are provided to take things to your room.  You can also get free tea,
bubble_40	Great location.   Would recommend Room 207 - 2 very comfy queen beds (one around the corner from the other so a bit more privacy for 3 or 4).  It was so quiet as it was at the back of the hotel.   Breakfast was a limited choice (go down early!)  - ran out of chocolate muffins and croissants! Staff member, Wellington was most helpful. Overall recommended.
bubble_50	This hotel is fab. We had great view of empire state and was close to times square. Good sized room. Breakfast is a bit basic but you could easily take back to room which we really liked . Staff were very friendly and helpful.  We used a company with shared mini bus to get to hotel but was not overly impressed so used the train from Penn station back to airport. Really easy and quick so would definitely do that if we came again rather than booking transport. Loved 'The counter' just by times square where you could build your own burger.
bubble_40	Hotel is in a great location, our room had an amazing view, bathroom and a couple of other areas were a little dated but all worked fine. Main downside was that you had to go to another floor to get tea or coffee which you would get in your room from most other hotels.
bubble_50	We chose the hotel based on location and the fact breakfast is included. The hotel was the perfect base for our five night stay. The breakfast was great, the breakfast room is only small but each bedroom is supplied with a tray and all the crockery is disposable so we were able to eat in our room as we got ready to go out exploring. We only used the subway once to get to Downtown Manhattan, we walked to all of our other places of interest because the hotel was in such a good location. The staff were friendly and the room was always clean. We would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family travelling to New York!
bubble_50	Cannot recommend this Hotel enough! Staff were so helpful and friendly. Rooms were huge for New York standards, and exceptionally clean! Bathrooms could do with a bit of an update but they were more than adequate, with hairdryer and comp toiletries. Maid service every day. Fresh towels and bedding. Location of hotel was so convenient, 10 min walk to Times Square. Decent restaurants right across the road, supermarket just round the corner. Complimentary breakfast was a massive plus for us as a big family, it saved us a fortune, pastries, doughnuts, fresh fruit, toasted bagels with cream cheese, and then free tea coffee and water 24/7. Would definitely stay in this hotel if we were to visit New York again.
bubble_40	The hotel doesn't look like much from the outside but when we got inside we was very surprised at how nice it is. As you walk in you are welcomed and it smells divine everywhere in the hotel. Our room was amazing we had a view of the Empire State. The room was big Modern and even had a bath. The breakfast room was small but there was take-out cups so we just took our breakfast with us,but there was also room service if you wanted.The hotel is also walking distance to Times Square and Central Park. I would recommend a pizza slice from down stairs they taste amazing! I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to visit New York!
bubble_50	Having stayed here before decided to stay again due to how clean the hotel was and the great location. Check in out no problem at all.   Location is perfect just 10 minute walk to Times Square. Ask for a view of the Empire State I have emailed twice before and always received one when arriving. The rooms are very big and looks like they have been refurbished unfortunately the bathroom look tired and bit drab. Aircon is good and a blessing when getting back from a day out.  The breakfast in the morning consists of bagels doughnuts (the doughnuts are fantastic) and croissants etc they are regular topped up it is only a small room but you can take back to your room if you want also free coffee tea 24 hours. There's also a free ice machine on floor 7 I think.   Just be careful when
bubble_40	Good stay here at broadway plaza!  Location is okay but can be very different at night..  Most of the concierge/doormen were nice and polite but some didn't always open the door for you.  Reception is small but never seemed too busy and has two lifts which makes it easy to get to your room.  The room was excellent! Good air con system, large bathroom, modern decor but below average view from room 508.   Maids were fantastic and room service was pricey but good. Breakfast was not worth the money, good fresh bagels and doughnuts but that's about it. Coffee is available 24hr but I wish the orange and apple juice was too, they took it out in the evening!  Breakfast room was always very busy because it is small.   Good price considering the location and style of the hotel.   Good
bubble_40	Perfect service, rooms are good too - clean and spacious, huge bed.  Breakfast was no good and to be honest - coffee was pure water, maybe in Europe we are used to drink strong coffee and that one was not. The most important thing is that you're in the heart of  Manhattan.  Recommended
bubble_50	I highly recommend this hotel for a stay in Manhatten- you really get a big bang for your buck! They have 24 hour Strabucks coffee, water and juice available. They also have a free bfast every morning (donuts, pastries, bagels, fruit, etc). Our room was huge for NY standards!! We had 2 queen beds, a living room, an area with a table, a desk, etc. Even had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. The entire staff was super nice and helpful. It is a very short walk to a few subway stations as well. We had a very enjoyable stay here and I highly recommend the Broadway Plaza Hotel for your visit to NYC.
bubble_50	First time in NY, spent weeks looking for the perfect hotel, found it, almost...  Having listened to and read lots on TA, realised room space is sparse in NYC, so aimed for the following tick boxes in my search which are clearly important.  Good sized room, breakfast included, complimentary tea and coffee available.  All of these I felt would lead to a good break and less tug on the purse strings.  How right was I.  We choose a Junior Suite, when we opened the door we thought we'd died and gone to heaven,,, and then we saw the partial Empire State view,,, these rooms are very special,  and spacious,,  there is breakfast served daily 7 thru 10 on the 4th floor, and believe me when you're on the 4th floor it's amazing to walk 10 paces for breakfast.  Many comments I read about
bubble_40	Hotel looks a bit strange on the outside, with a very small hallway and entrance. But the room was very spacious and nicely decorated. We had a nice view on the empire state building. A nice treat. For an American hotel the breakfast was quite ok. Only problem is that the breakfast room is so small... You have stand in the hallway or take the food to your room. Subway was very close, but even on foot you are close to some major sights. Recommended
bubble_50	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 9 nights from 23rd July. This hotel is a real gem & although it may seem small (69 rooms) the rooms are large & our view of the Empire State was an added bonus.  The bathroom was clean & spacious and we couldn't fault anything.  The breakfast room isn't very big as others have reviewed but you can take the tray from the room & grab what you want (bagels, muffins, donuts, fruit, coffee, tea, water) and take it back to the room.  The hotel is close to the subway (1 block to 28th Street or downtown to 23rd), within walking distance of the Flatiron building, 5th Avenue, Madison Avenue & Macy's at 34th Street & Herald Square.  We got married while we were in NYC & we want to give a special mention to Anthony, who was so friendly, professional and
bubble_50	Fabulous hotel if staying upgrade to the suite as it is huge for a New York hotel and includes a fridge. The rooms are modern and clean but the bathrooms although still clean do need updating.  The hotel staff were friendly and the free continental breakfast set us up well for the day.
bubble_50	Great place to stay very central. You get a free breakfast with consists of bagals, cream cheese, doughnuts, muffins, tea, coffee, orange and Apple juice. Not forgetting  the best for me fruit. Apples, bananas.  The young concierge in the evenings was very polite  guy  and helpful. Room was spotless and cleaned very well. If You  want a great view try to get 1103 we had  a great view of the Empire State Building.  Don't  get a car although  you can park it  for $35 per day. You get discount  from hotel. But still very expensive. Know where  to park overnight  on the street. One funny thing  everytime  my wife  and I went to the  front desk, they asked us are you checking out. Don't  understand that one.
bubble_40	the location of the hotel is very good, soon you'll arrive several spots by foot or catching the sub.  rooms are all clean, vast and silent in the night. you won't think beeing in manhatten. internet works continuously but sometimes it could be faster. there is one dedicated room for grabbing the breakfast. you should have it in your room. for europeans - don't expect a breakfast, it's just sugar with sugar mixed with sugar - traditional american style.
bubble_40	We stayed 10 days in from the 14th of July 2017 and we thought the hotel was great. Great central location, close to subways. Breakfast included is a nice touch. Breakfast area is small but use your tray provided in room to take food back to eat in your room. You can hear a lot of street noise from busy Broadway but not too bad. Our room had a view of Empire State Building which was really nice. Clean and spacious rooms and nice decor, serviced daily. Bathroom felt a little older but was clean. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza looked small and felt a bit cramped at first. However, the staff team were good, friendly and communicative. We then went to our room and it was pretty spacious, great facilities and with a modern, clean decor - encouraging. When we opened the blinds, the view was just great, the Empire State Building was right in front of us in all its glory. All in all, a good choice of hotel,although the continental breakfast was a bit of a waste of time, so we ate out. I would recommend this Hotel if you need a base to explore New York City and we really enjoyed our stay there.
bubble_50	This hotel had clean rooms, comfortable beds, modern interior design and furniture and very spacious corner rooms.  Complimentary coffee all day was great and morning pastries was a pleasant feature. The room felt new and had no odors and air circulation was great! The room was quiet and we didn't hear any street level noise outside. The staff were friendly and held bags prior to check in and post check out. Great stay overall!
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza offers a great location for a very reasonable price. The room was of a decent size and very clean and tidy. There is not much in the way of facilities at the hotel but being in such a great location this doesn't really matter. We were able to walk to all the attractions. Very close to the flat iron building, Times Square and easily walkable to central park.
bubble_50	The hotel was clean, accessible to all locations and the concierge has a real gentleman in Anthony. Probably the most efficient and friendliest person we met in New York. Would recommend taking in a show and using the Subway. Look out for Westville Dumbo, Washington Ave, Brooklyn
bubble_40	After studying all of the previous posts on TA I opted to book this hotel.  Thankfully all of the reports were correct.  This is a lovely hotel right on Broadway.  It is reasonably priced for NYC.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and tidy.  The breakfast available was good and plentiful.  The standard complimentary internet was good.  Great location very near 28st subway.  10 minute walk to ESB. A great place to stay.
bubble_50	Loved our stay at this hotel. It was very convenient to everything. Staff were helpful especially Anthony who helped us to organize a great deal with the hop on hop off bus. our room was large but only had a view of the back of some buildings. Breakfast consisted of either bagels or donuts and tea and coffee. We often made a coffee last thing at night. Would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to everyone.
bubble_50	Myself and two of my friends visited N.Y.C for 5 days and had a brilliant stay it is close to Times Square but far enough away so the noise isn't an issue the hotel was lovely and clean all the staff were friendly and always willing to help would recommend this hotel to all and would stay again if I visited New York again which I would love to !!!!
bubble_50	This hotel was perfect for our long weekend visit to NYC.  Bigger than normal room (2 queen beds), a quick-serve breakfast included (grab a Starbucks cofffee and danish on the way out the door), and a spectacular view of the Empire State Building.  24 hr door man makes you feel safe.  20 mins walk to Times Square or Chelsea Market.   Very international clientele - Great value!
bubble_40	We stayed with our 2 little kids for I think 12 nights   I have given this hotel a 4 star rating as it was excellent but started out terrible. If first 2 days were like balance, I would have given 5 stars.  We arrived after midnight with our 2 small kids via cab and it was lightly raining. My husband ran between cab and door with luggage a number of times and door guy didn't think not once to offer an umbrella. He stood dry at the door. We then all walk to reception desk as a family and the guy behind counter didn't even look up at us. He just stood there. We said hi. We got nothing. No personality whatsoever ever and very unwelcoming!!  Due to the length of our stay and spending well over 5K on Accom, I asked the hotel weeks prior to arriving if we could have an Empire State
bubble_40	Nicely appointed and clean room & bathroom. The room was a good size, a Queen Superior, for extra room as we were staying 6 nights. The bed was very comfortable. The staff were polite and friendly. Breakfast was delicious - fresh doughnuts, croissants, pastries and bagels, also apples & bananas if required. The breakfast area was very small so I would recommend taking the tray from the bedroom to get breakfast then eat it in your room. There was free tea & coffee available 24 hours, but no refreshment facilities in the room. The hotel was in a great location, only a ten minute walk to the Empire State Building which you could see from the hotel.
bubble_50	We stayed here for five nights in the empire state king room. It was on the 13th floor, and all by itself. We had the greatest wiew.The hotel is in a great place to explore the city, and there are great restaurants close by. The staff is really nice and helpful. Would stay here again if we come back to New York.
bubble_50	Small clean and friendly hotel. Fantastic view of the empire state from the room I was in. Breakfast grab and go style bagels muffins and cookies only 4 tables. Coffee machine is switched on 24/7 which was very helpful. Overall was a great little hotel enjoyed my stay
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay. A rare example of a hotel looking and acting exactly as advertised.  Check-in and out was easy. Staff were friendly and helpful at all times. There was no problem storing our luggage on the last day so we could 'enjoy' a last minute shop. The complimentary coffee and continental breakfast were both good, the breakfast room itself is small, but trays are provided in your room and it was no bother to ferry breakfast back to our room. The free WIFI worked perfectly well. Location is the key, the hotel less than 100 yards to the subway, and not much further to the bars, restaurants and cafes in and around Madison Square Park.
bubble_40	Nice hotel friendly people, the only let down was the breakfast, I bought some cereal for everyday or you could o out for breakfast, which consisted of stodge that you had to take back to your room as there is only 2 tables and the coffee machine e for the whole hotel is there.
bubble_40	This hotel is reasonably priced and in a fantastic location, being 10 minutes walk from the Empire State and other main attractions, close to two subway stations, and with plenty of places to eat and shopping nearby.  My son and I shared a superior room with two queen size beds, 308,  which was spacious, comfortable and very clean but didnt have a great view or let a lot of natural light in, although it was very quiet.  This didnt bother us though as we were out during the days, and it was a very comfortable room to come back to.  The staff are helpful...Anthony, the concierge, in particular was great, and helped us to plan our week, making reservations and giving us directions.  There is a small self service breakfast room which was ok and, although no restaurant or bar,
bubble_50	Stayed 7 nights here & found it an excellently central location, super friendly staff and the whole hotel was spotlessly clean. Very reasonably priced and great value for money. Our room was very spacious, facing the closely situated Empire State Building.
bubble_40	Hotel is in a great location for exploring Manhattan. It is on a slightly rundown stretch of Broadway, but we experienced no problems and it is a very short walk to Madison Sq. Our room was a decent size and we had an awesome view of the Empire State Building. Room had a good range of TV channels, ironing facilities a decent shower room. The breakfast area is very small, but it had nice bagels & pastries and a tray is provided in your room to transport a takeaway breakfast back - a little awkward for the less mobile, perhaps. Access to coffee and tea 24hrs a day was great. Staff were consistently friendly and helpful. The laundry charges were quite high, so didn't use that service.
bubble_40	Stayed 3 nights during a weekend stay. Hotel is place on broadway in an area with plenty of restaurant and great location to walk to most main must see locations  Check in was smooth and fast  Rooms nice and clean. I had some noise from the street but that ok  Wifi very slow on less you pay  Forget the breakfast. It's s joke as is the breakfast room. Go to a cafe instead  Else everything worked fine. Choose the hotel if you need a place to sleep and nothing else. As stated the rooms are fine, the rest only the absolute essentials   Would be happy to use again as location is very convenient
bubble_50	Large clean room with two very comfortable queen sized beds (room 201). Walking distance to Empire State building and shopping areas (5 min). Walking distance to Times Square approx 15 min. Near Subway station.   Breakfast room with Starbucks coffee, bagels, toast, fruit etc. Friendly and service minded staff.  Very good pizza take away in the same building.
bubble_40	We stayed in a family room for 4 people. The room had a sitting aerea and a fridge. Plenty of storage space. Nice and friendly staff. Beds changed every day, but the used glasses were not replaced. Breakfast room is small, but you can easily bring the breakfast to your room.
bubble_50	Myself and a friend stayed here for 3 nights, where we were greeted by very friendly staff at Reception. We were able to drop off bags very early in the morning, with no issues. Our room was fantastic, spacious, clean, with a great view of the Empire State. Breakfast wasn't too bad, not a huge option, but the free coffee machine that's available all day certainly made up for it. Can't really fault the hotel at all, staff were helpful and polite, the room was great, and the location was fantastic (only 15 minutes from Times Square). Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York!
bubble_50	Great hotel in a superb location for a first time trip to New York. Stayed here for a week in March and we were more than happy with everything. The room was cosy and spacious and also had a nice view of the Empire State. Compilimentary breakfast was a good start for the day and free coffee and tea available around the clock was really convenient. Would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC!
bubble_50	I stayed here for 5 nights with my husband and 2 children. This hotel is exactly as advertised, right down to the free breakfast and it's contents and the WI FI availability. We stayed in a Junior Suite with 2 queen beds. Huge room with every comfort. Excellent location right near a subway. We felt safe in the area. Staff were very friendly. Would absolutely recommend this hotel and would love to return.
bubble_30	Stayed here with a friend for about a week in February. We got a great room on the corner of the 7th floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The room had everything we could possibly need, and the cleaning was great. The things that draws the score down are a super slow wifi that annoyed us quite a bit as we needed it for research. Another one is the complimentary breakfast, which was super bad. All they offered was bagels and donuts, which was disappointing. Also, during the weekend, if you don't get to the breakfast before 8.30 you'll miss out on the sweets.  Service at the front desk was pretty good and location super.
bubble_30	The hotel is in a good spot right by 28th st subway station on broadway.  The front desk woman was very kind and helpful upon my arrival.   The room was small but that's ok because I was on business traveling by myself.  The bed was comfy.   I did have an amazing view of the Empire State Building. It's like a nightlight for the room.   One minus for business is that the wifi is extremely spotty and does not have ability to play Netflix. There is a plan you can buy for a better wifi but I refuse to accept hotels that offer to have people pay for fast service.   So great locale great views not so great Wifi. A lot of places offer great views and locations here in NYC with the Best wifi for free.   So maybe a bit better than Olive Garden.
bubble_50	Arrived at the Broadway plaza with high expectations as most of my family had already stayed at this hotel and i was not disappointed, We were greeted with a very warm sincere welcome and shown to our room. i had previously Emailed the hotel and asked if at all possible to have a room with a view of the Empire State Building as i thought this would be a nice touch for my wife's birthday and the hotel duly obliged i was absolutely thrilled with our room it was perfect it was clean spacious and the bed was exceptionally comfortable the breakfast area was clean and the breakfast itself sufficient for us in order to head off on our exploration of the big apple.The location is great situated only yards from the subway which made getting about the city so easy. I can not praise this
bubble_50	We loved our stay at this hotel. From street level, you might just about miss the entrance, but once inside, you're greeted by friendly and welcoming staff, and a great looking environment. Prior to our stay we had emailed the hotel a couple of times and they had responded really quickly. One of our emails was to ask if it was possible to have a room with a view of the Empire State Building, which is very close. They said they couldn't promise, but when we arrived and opened the blinds in our room (it was dark) guess what we saw?!! Fantastic!! It's in a great location, and we loved the fact you can grab a cuppa 24 hours a day - we needed it most days as it was chilly outside! The breakfast consists of bagels, pastries and doughnuts, which are great (although naughty obviously)
bubble_50	When choosing a hotel for me and my girlfriend we based a lot of it off peoples reviews on here, and it's safe to say the Broadway plaza didn't disappoint us.   The room was absolutely perfect. Two double beds, which were extremely comfortable, loads of floor space, a big desk and chair, very large tv, a safe, iron and full ironing board, which was handy! And like most of their rooms I think, it offered a wonderful view of the empire state building!  The bathrooms as mentioned by people, haven't been refurbished yet but that didn't matter to us. Why would it, as the bathroom was immaculately cleaned, everything worked perfect with a good strong shower and, unlike some hotels, a very good hairdryer that actually worked well, so we couldn't of been happier with it.   The supply of
bubble_50	Everything you need to know about this hotel:  - Very good location. On 27th Street Broadway and Times Square is 13 blocks away (40th Street) rough 15 to 20 minute walk.  - Bedroom was fantastic and surprisingly bigger than I thought. Beds very comfortable and lovely big TV also.  - Bathrooms old fashioned but absolutely spotless, couldn't fault it.  - Bed linen and towels changed every day and they do not skimp on the number of towels given to you. A major plus.  - Breakfast is fresh and lovely, breakfast room itself is very small but you are left a tray in your room to bring down and can bring your food back. Even better in my opinion.  - Complimentary WI-FI is sufficient. No need to pay the 10 dollars extra per day unless you plan on streaming movies or downloading any big
bubble_50	We just completed our 3rd stay over the last 2 years and loved it. It's a great location (close to subway, Madison Square Park (Shake Shack is a great treat), Flatiron neighborhood). Clean, large room by NYC standards, and friendly staff who work to accommodate guest requests. The continental breakfast isn't too exciting - but it's NYC - catch something out!
bubble_40	Clean hotel close to everything in mid-town and the east side, continental breakfast with Starbucks coffee very friendly staff. The hotel was close to everything we had planned, blinds did not keep out a lot of light in the AM however quieter than expected for a busy area.
bubble_50	So glad we stayed at the Broadway Plaza 4 nights in March, arrived early and the staff accommodated us immediately! Wonderful to get right in our room, unload luggage and as my daughter was able to rest we were off to explore..the location is ideal! Room so nice, big, clean and beds extremely comfortable, loved the layout. Bathroom also big, nice, clean, my 2 daughters and I could all get ready together! Hot Starbucks coffee available whenever you desire and truly fresh delicious pastries/donuts/muffins/bagels fruit, milk and juice for a convenient complimentary breakfast that we really enjoyed. Glad we chose this hotel and would definitely stay here again! Special mention to Anthony the Concierge..so gracious, kind, and helpful! He truly helped make our 1st trip to NYC amazing
bubble_40	We were pleased with our stay. The concierge staff was incredibly kind and helpful...front desk staff--a little on the curt side. But our room was fantastic--what a value for the size. Very comfortable accommodations and large bathroom. And we couldn't believe that we hardly heard any road noise being on the second floor. The hallways and entrance area are kind of narrow and constricting, but no biggie. Did wish there was a coffee maker in the room.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 7 nights.  Ideal for those looking for a Base to explore New York.  Subway is 3 minutes walk away, the hotel is clean and the staff are friendly and most helpful.  The breakfast is grand.  I would very much recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	6 members of my family stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 1 week in October 2016. The hotel staff were friendly and the rooms were clean (we had 3 rooms- all varied in sizes). We enjoyed having the option of breakfast (for the price I would of liked a bigger sit down area/more choice) we took the fresh pastries/ muffins back to our room (trays provided). The hotel could do with more space in the lobby/ meeting areas. We managed to organised our transport back to the airport via the hotel staff, they were very helpful. I would stay in this hotel again.
bubble_50	This hotel is fantastic. It is not claiming to be a 5 star hotel so it would be silly to expect this. It does everything it says it will do and has everything that it says it has.  We stayed in a superior king room (me and my boyfriend) for 5 nights. The room was a really nice size. Good tv with lots of channels, an iron, a safe, clothes hanging space and chest of drawers which I unpacked my things into (hate living out of a suitcase). As stated the bathrooms have not been refurbished YET and although decor is a bit old fashioned I could tell straight away that it was spotlessly clean. Shower worked well and small shower gels, shampoos, hair dryer etc were provided.  We stayed in room 1103 and the view of the ESB and the streets below was fantastic.  We took the tray from the
bubble_40	The room was fresh and larger than expected, and even on a lower floor had a view of the (top of the) Empire State Building.  I found the price reasonable for this well-located hotel, near Penn Station but in a clean and lively part of town.  With traffic on Broadway restricted, I even found it quiet.    Agree with the comments that the breakfast has more than usual "continental" choices, but that the breakfast room is crowded and ill-designed.  Likewise, the hotel entrance is narrow and the reception in a stuffy windowless cubby-hole that offers very limited space.  I agree that offering a tea kettle and some coffee and tea options in the rooms would be welcome, and even though the work-arounds are mostly successful, the basic fact is that the hotel lacks a restaurant, a
bubble_50	This hotel is superb. Beautiful room. Wonderful service. Exceptionally clean & comfortable. Bed/bedding felt new. High end service for a fair price! This hotel is in my top 10 of all time! That's saying a lot, considering I travel 244 days annually. I love the ambiance, front desk, service & partner restaurant/ room service is excellent, with fair pricing.. the breakfast was $14, for EVERYTHING I could have needed or asked for! This place is high end class.. at fair pricing. I will be back. I assure you that you will be a repeat customer, especially if you appreciate everything NYC has to offer. Great location, superb hotel
bubble_40	I am surprised with the comments that the rooms need refurbishing.  This couldn't be further from the truth for our room.  It was amazing. Large, fantastic panoramic views that included Empire State and Broadway. Decorated in a Art Deco style that perfectly suits the city.  The bed was very comfortable as was the sofa bed that my daughter slept on.  Fantastic location, short walk to Empire State one way and Flatiron the other. Close to the subway. Central for everything.  Handy having the 24 hour coffee machine but i do think it would be a good idea to have a small coffee machine or kettle in the room. Also the breakfast, whilst plentiful and free, the room was tiny and awkward shuffling around the other guests to get to the toaster etc.  We  would get our breakfast and take it
bubble_50	This hotel fit all our criteria for what we were looking for in a hotel. We flew in for a broadcasting conference and this filled all of our needs. Everyone was very nice, genuine, and helpful-and called a car shuttle service for us (which is cheaper than a cab or uber), and offered help in finding out way around. We were close to subways, cafe's, and some main parts of NYC. They even had our rooms ready early-around 12:30pm. Which was a pleasant surprise. The rooms were larger than I anticipated and one of the nicest, and cleanest rooms I've stayed in. The breakfast was ok, but it did it's job and the 24/7 coffee was great. Beds were comfy, the safe was good, and if we needed anything, there was a response to it asap. Our side of the building didn't face any "major landmarks"
bubble_30	I booked this hotel via their website because they advertised that they will give you complementary wi-fi. This was the worst internet connection I ever had. It's not possible to advertise an internet connection that seemed to be at same speed as dial-up. Disappointing and misleading. Location was great but that internet ruined it for me as I had to go to a nearby coffee shop to attend to a video call.
bubble_30	We stayed here on our honeymoon. The rooms were nowhere near as nice as they looked in the pictures and could do with a bit of a refurbishment. The bathroom must have been as old as me! But location-wise it was perfect, and location is everything, especially in NY where you spend no time in your room at all!
bubble_50	Bit late on this review  stayed new year 2015  Great hotel great location easy  loved to breakfast,  met some very nice policemen from new York at this hotel, many times during our stay the policemen used the tea room for a break so just stayed and chatted  The rooms are very large well equipped  the door man was great and very pleasant only stayed bed and breakfast continental style  New York is a good place and this hotel may not be flash looking with a stylish entrance but I could not fault it after all when in new York what more could you want
bubble_40	I stayed here for 2 nights and overall I had a good experience. The room was clean and comfortable with a slightly dated bathroom.  The beds are comfortable but I woke up with back pain from the pillows every morning.  The walls in the bathroom were thin and I could hear voices a few times during my stay but not enough to bother me or disrupt my sleep, although I did wear ear plugs at night since I am a very light sleeper and the traffic noises when next to the window are loud and clear.  The shutters on the window did not keep out all of the daylight so I would highly recommend they add blackout drapes, or bring an eye mask.  There is no fridge in the room and overall the room is on the smaller side but larger than other NYC rooms I've been in.   Check in was easy and staff was
bubble_40	This hotel is great for people that want reasonably priced accommodations and want to use their money for doing things in New York instead. It is near the subway, very walkable, there is good food options nearby and the staff is very very helpful. We had a great time here!
bubble_30	The hotel is clean. The location of the hotel is good. It takes ten minutes to walk to Time Square. The street wasn't to busy. The underground is close by. If you walk seven minutes south from the hotel you will find some good restaurants. A few minutes south from the hotwl you will find the Flat Iron building. The breakfast was a dissapointment. We went for a hotel that had breakfast included so we could get a good start on the day, but they only had donuts and dry bagels. The coffee and juice was not great. In the end we had to go out for a proper breakfast. The breakfast area is not big, but you can bring your breakfast to your room. In each room they have a tray so you can carry your food and drinks on.
bubble_50	Been to NYC before. We spend time outta the room, touring the city, so it doesn't matter to much what the hotel offers in the way of extras. We just need a clean room, comfortable bed and friendly staff. That's exactly what we got over 10 days in January/February. Breakfast on 4th floor may be typical American - doughnuts, Oj and tea/coffee. It was ok. Location is perfect for touring the city. You're on Broadway!! Two of us with two big suitcases managed the room ok. It was nicely decorated and looked out onto Broadway. Night time noise wasn't an issue. And we could watch tv while winding down after a big day. No bar fridge though (you can get ice from machine on 7th floor). Room 1001 (floor 11). Summary. Great location, nice room, friendly staff and easy check in/out. Special
bubble_40	My family stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel from December 13-17.  We were quite pleased with the location of this smaller boutique hotel in Manhattan.  It was so easy to walk around the city, and the hotel was in close proximity to one of the major subway stations.  We particularly enjoyed being able to walk across the street to enjoy late evening cocktails at The Smith, an upscale restaurant with a very popular bar.  And the pizza place next to Broadway Plaza was great for a slice of good pizza! We were also amazed at how close we were to the Macy's area...perfect for Christmas in NYC!  We reserved 2 rooms at this hotel.  Both were spacious and clean, and the decor was very bright and contemporary.  It was nice having a breakfast/beverage area on one of the floors; however,
bubble_50	The best location possible. Empire state views which as a great surprise to wake up too. The staff were friendly and knew where all the major attractions were and how to get to them. I can't fault the room at all. It was clean and very spacious for New York. The breakfast room was a little cramped but there was enough on offer and you could take it back to your room. coffee on offer 24 hours a day and there were vending machines there too. When you come to New York this is the place to stay.
bubble_50	A great hotel which was well priced. The rooms were very clean and the staff were helpful. An enormous bed and the view from the window of the Empire State Building was spectacular. Would love to come back!
bubble_40	Stayed here for three days, it was a perfect location if you want to walk round manhatten 15 minutes from the village, soho, grand central, time square all on foot. Staff were friendly informative and helpful. Rooms have great views of Empire State Building. Nice donut and coffee in the mornings when your getting off out to explore.
bubble_50	Stayed here 5 nights hotel clean rooms good size we had Empire view which was a plus breakfast room is small but i always managed to get a table,plenty of goodies for breakfast but not good for the waistline lol. I would recommend this hotel to anybody wishing to stay in NYC as it is close to subway and surrounding sites. Would i stay there again? 100% yes
bubble_50	10 minute walk from Penn station and 10 minutes from Times Square. Subway station 2 minutes away. Hotel is VERY clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The room was nice and warm, surprisingly the street is fairly quiet so no sound issues from traffic. A view of the Empire State from my room was pretty at night. Free tea and coffee 24hours.  It was one of those hotels that just works with no problems at all. I would defiantly stay again.
bubble_50	Well what can we say only but FANTASTIC FANTASTIC FANTASTIC!!!  What a lovely hotel, the staff are exceptional, Anthony (concierge) every day with a smile, he can recommend all kinds of stuff and can book sightseeing tours etc with discount. Been coming to NY for years and for the first time ever would come back to this hotel, others have been fab but this is TOPS.
bubble_40	Don't be discouraged by the surroundings and pokey entrance, it is quite a good family hotel as you get value for money. The staff are friendly and the doorman organised our ride to the airport for us. The room was large enough for four adults, with a view of the Empire State Building. The other buildings looked a little trashy. The free breakfast included coffee, tea, juice, croissant, begals, cream cheese, donuts and other pastries. Within walking distance of Eataly, where we spent a lot of time indulging in Italian treats. The Flatiron building is nearby and lovely to take photos of. Within walking distance of many tourist attractions or the subway, which gets you anywhere you want to go. I think you get great value for a 3.5 star hotel.
bubble_40	Very reasonably priced for a superbly located, well managed property. Walking distance to subway, Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building, garment district, you name it....  Rooms have been recently renovated it seems, with thoughtful art and amenities like a USB charger on the clock, and lamps with extra electrical outlets, which I really appreciated.   The bed is...heavenly. Tons of pillows, which I loved. Bathrooms are large, clean, and well appointed. Some staining on the carpets, but I know how hard that is, and maybe they are next to be renovated.   Housekeeping is first class (I work in the hotel business). The concierge was so gracious, and went out of his way to be helpful and kind.  The breakfast on the 4th floor is such a thoughtful touch. Clearly this manager
bubble_40	We stayed here for 3 nights in November.  The location is great and is within walking distance of many famous New York sights - Empire State, Madison Square,Flatiron building and many restaurants. There is a subway station right across the hotel too.  The hotel looks like it has been remodeled recently so everything looks clean and nice inside. We got a decent sized room on the 14th floor with a view of the Empire state.
bubble_50	From the street this just looks a doorway to a hotel. Once inside the reception and people are really nice and friendly. Room was on the 10th floor (1001) with a great view which included the Empire State.  High enough from street noise and clean, spacious with bedding and towels lily white. Massive bed which was lovely and comfortable. Tea and coffee 24/7 available on the 4th floor with continental breakfast free from 7-11. Could not fault this hidden gem  Sorted transport back to airport which was as good as making your own way with no hassle  Thanks to everyone at the plaza
bubble_40	Very spacious rooms, friendly staff and a clean hotel. Complimentary breakfast was a nice bonus. Central location meant we were able to walk almost everywhere, while a subway stop 1 minute away allowed for easy transport. Only negatives were the wifi speed and that they only had 1 lift serving to top 6/13 floors, meaning that you had to be very patient.
bubble_40	Anthony the concierge at this hotel was so helpful to us when we visited New York at the beginning of December. He couldn't have been nicer and booked us tickets to see a show which we thought was fantastic. Very, very helpful.
bubble_40	Very nice place! In great location in Chelsea area and 2 minutes to FlatIron building. We spent 140$ moreless for a night from 23 to 24 December...not too bad for NYC in this period. Clean, doorman and waiter very kind..only thing totally to reset was the breakfast...disaster.
bubble_40	First, do not let the street front and lobby discourage you. The front door of the hotel is small, dark, and unimpressive. The lobby is also small and narrow. However, the rooms are spacious, new, and clean. Most importantly, in a city where lodging can be super expensive, the rooms here are a good deal. The location is great as well. The R and W lines are right outside on 28th street and there are countless good restaurants and local eats within easy walks. I'd stay here again.
bubble_40	I booked my husband and 16 year old daughter into Broadway Plaza for 7 nights and they have just returned from a fantastic stay - complete with Empire State View. They had a big room with 2 queen beds and space for luggage etc. It was an easy walk to Times Square, Bryant Park, 5th Avenue, Chelsea Market and 3 subway lines to go anywhere else. Staff were all friendly and the room was really clean. Breakfast was simple but a good way to leave for the day having eaten something eg. Piece of fruit, bagel and hot drink. The breakfast room is small but they always got a table - but went there knowing they may need to take it back to the room on a tray.  Overall a good value stay in Manhattan.
bubble_50	Me and my son stopped at the broadway plaza for four days and were really impressed with this hotel,, we had room 704 which was very clean had double beds very comfy and a view of the Empire State , staff were very helpful and free breakfast was a bonus. I would recommend this hotel 10/10
bubble_50	Me and my dad stayed here for my 30th and his 60th birthday. We stayed in room 704 which had a view of the Empire State Building. I can not fault this hotel at all 5* for me. The beds, pillows were amazing. Had a better night sleep there than I did my own bed lol.  The door staff were very polite and would do anything for you.   The coffee machine on room 4 were ideal and helped with our hang overs.   Would definitely reccomend this and stay again.  Thank u broadway plaza and all your staff for making mine and my dads experience in New York excellent.  X
bubble_50	We had stayed in this hotel exactly two years ago. Since then it has been refurbished and very nice indeed. The location is perfect for all attractions as it is only a couple of minutes from fifth Ave the empire state building and the flat iron building
bubble_50	This is a great hotel. Stayed here with family and friends for the weekend. Clean and tidy with the best beds! 24 hour coffee is fantastic and the free breakfast is a great bonus too! Had a view of the Empire State Building from our room 605. Staff are all great the check in staff were helpful and friendly. Would really like to thank Anthony and kenny who were amazing with arranging transport and treating us so well just made our stay here thank you !  Would recommend anyone to stay here. 5 mins from Macy's a Starbucks over the road and a pizza shop right next door. Stayed in many hotels in NYC this has to be the friendliest one yet ! I will definitely stay here again. Thank you from the girls in 605 xx
bubble_50	This was the view from our hotel room,great hotel great location , staff where amazing , Anthony was wonderful , this was my 6th time in New York but this was the best hotel , so easy to get to , hop on bus drops you two blocks away from it , I will be back staying here at this hotel
bubble_40	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Should have had city view. But In Room 207 no view, just one ugly fan/heater/air conditioning unit. The beds was extremely comfortable, the bathroom adequate. The heating was not working properly and the A C unit kept coming on in the middle of the night. Very noisy and freezing room. We seemed to be the only people staying on this floor nearby an office. The corridor was warmer than our room. The staff were reasonably pleasant. This hotel is on 27th street.  Lots of walking to be done. If you are bad on your legs. Aim for a hotel which is nearby to 44 street. Avoid room 207.
bubble_30	Big room with a queen bed was nice suprise, at weekend noise from the street was annoying, I suggest room from upper floors ( we stayed at 6th floor). Coffee was good but breakfast was quite american style: donuts and bagels.
bubble_50	Great service, attentive and friendly, first time in New York! Served by a man called Ali great professional service! Lovely rooms with great views of times square. Very clean and in the hub of times square, great location!
bubble_50	Stayed in room 502 from the 7th till the 11th Nov, Even thought the room wasn't your usual two King size beds it was enough. The room modern and clean and looked after every day. The staff are very kind and will help you find your way around New York no problem. The Breakfast in continental and Coffee is on tap all day.If you want a hot Breakfast just around the corner in 28th st is a place called Cafe 28 and has everything to eat possible. Location is quiet but you can get to the Attractions easy. All in all a great Hotel. Thank you Broadway Plaza.
bubble_50	We stayed in room 503 - great view towards Broadway. We enjoyed our stay (4 nights) very much. Great and comfy bed (we booked a King-bed). Great pillows. We slept very well at nights. Safebox can fit a computer. There were lots of small and large very clean towels, together with wash cloths. Soaps and shampoo also there.  The hotel has a perfect location if you like Macys, Times Square and Broadway shows. We walked to Macys area several times - 10 min away. Times Sq and theaters the double distance. Metro Station 1 block away. Very easy. We did not try the breakfast, but we liked the coffee/tea/water you can pick up for free in the breakfast room mornings and evenings.  On the last day we stored our luggage at the hotel. The concierge arranged airport pick up 30 min before
bubble_50	Excellent hotel looks nothing from outside but inside rooms are very well equipped everything  You need very clean maid cleaned everyday.  Complimentary breakfast is excellent, coissants doughnuts and bagels. You can get tea and coffee 24/7. We collected our breakfast and ate in our room which suited us there are seats in the breakfast room if you choose to sit there. However it is small and fills up quick.  The hotel staff all of them are very helpful and friendly nothing is a bother. The hotel is in a central location enabling you to get around without difficulty. Would definitely sat here again if I were in New York .
bubble_40	The Junior suite was such a great size for a family of 5.  We were in the city for a wedding and loved the location.  We walked to restaurants and the high line. Great shopping in the area and the staff was always super helpful.
bubble_50	We stayed here from the 23/10/16 for 4 nights  we were a party of 5 we had rooms 1202/1203 on the 12th floor check in was easy but there was only one room ready when we arrived but within 20 mins the other was available on entering the rooms the blinds were closed on opening them we realised why as we had a stunning view of the Empire State Building from both rooms. The rooms were very clean and modern a free safe which you normally have to pay for there was also free tea and coffee all day and a continental breakfast from 7 until 10 every morning the  breakfast room was rather small so we used the tray provided and took it back to the room.The hotel was in the perfect place to explore. The staff were very polite and helpful especially Anthony who went out of his way to sort
bubble_40	Staff are so nice. Free breakfast was nice but I like having my own fridge and coffee maker and was surprised that it was not included in the price which was not cheap. The room was spacious and clean. Bed was so comfy. Nice size flat screen tv. Internet was slow so I payed the extra they offered. All in all very happy with my two night stay.
bubble_40	Stayed here with wife and 12yr old daughter for our dream nyc break for 5 nights. From arrival to departure the staff could not have been any more pleasant or helpful, always asking how you are or if you need any assistance. Room was more than adequate with 2 very comfy king size beds. We had room 1203, which has a great view of the empire state building.  Bathroom is what would be classed as a bit dated, but very clean and functional.  The hotel is located in a bit of a strange area, as you have to walk past a few dubious looking shops selling "perfumes & electronics".  When we were due to check-out the hotel offered to hold our luggage in a private room which was much welcomed.  Upon departing, we asked reception to book us a yellow cab to jfk airport, which they agreed to do,
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with 2 friends and we had a room with one sofa bed and two double beds. It was perfect. The room was very spacious, quiet, clean and well decorated. The free breakfast was more than we expected and the location was brilliant, close to several subway lines and walking distance to a few attractions. Staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel has minimum amenities, i.e. no gym etc and the lobby is small but the size and quality of the room made up for it. Very reasonable price for NYC.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 5 nights from 20th-25th October. The hotel is in a great location - 1 block away from the nearest subway station, 10 minutes walk to Macy's and Empire State Building and 15-20 minutes to Times Square and Broadway. We had a lovely large room with 3 big windows and a view of the Empire State Building which was cleaned everyday, the only very minor problem (which wasn't really a problem) was the bed was quite small and very soft. The breakfast when we had it was fine and much appreciated as a quick snack to grab on the go. All staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially the guys on concierge. These guys were great for advice on which subway stations we needed for what attractions, nearby shops and restaurants we were looking for and we had a nice few
bubble_40	Rooms are larger than average but hard to makes use of extra space.  We would have liked an armchair.  Clean and nicely decorated.  Walk to Times Square easily enough although part of walk is through industrial area with little foot traffic. Public places are cramped but nice staff.
bubble_50	Found this hotel online whilst arranging a trip to New York. Actually went in October 2015 but couldn't enter the correct date. Position of hotel was great, free continental breakfast everyday which was good. Very clean hotel and staff very helpful and friendly.
bubble_40	Fabulous hotel room was a corner one two large windows fabulous.complimentary breakfast was excellent . Room cleaned every day . All staff we came into contact with were brilliant. Hotel is in a terrific location minutes away from maceys Times Square.
bubble_50	We had 2 junior suites for 7 adults. Rooms were very spacious, separate lounge area and large bathroom. Fridge, hairdryer, iron and ironing board in the rooms. Free WiFi each day.   Breakfast room is a small room with 3/4 small tables with coffee machine, juice machine, tea/milk with bagels and cakes each day 7-10am. Except queues and to take food back to your room.   All staff were pleasant and helpful, especially the conceirges who were informative and friendly.  One block behind the Empire State Building and amazing views of it. Subway at Street cornor and 15 min walk to Times Square.  Would recommend hotel.
bubble_50	Situated on 28th an broadway just slightly out of all the hussle and bussle but ideally located and within walking distance to time square ESB 5th ave and subways close by! We emailed the hotel prior to our stay to request a room with a view of the Empire State and we got just that the hotel is fantastic the rooms are spacious and the beds are to die for there so comfortable the room was cleaned and towels replaced daily there's a small canteen area where you can get breakfast from i.e. Coffee juice bagels donuts muffins ects and it's all complimentary too all in all I can't rate this hotel highly enough fantastic place and the staff are excellent and are more than happy to help with anything you need hope my review helps trust me this is a great hotel
bubble_50	The hotel was amazing very clean and rooms were tidy every day, the staff are very friendly nothing was ever to much trouble for them,the breakfast is so good to start your day with,the hotel is in a excellent location to visit all places I highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	Great hotel! Very friendly and helpful staff, room prices were reasonable. the only thing I would fault is the breakfast selection but other than that the hotel is in a great location and the rooms are very clean and comfortable! My partner and I had a great stay and will definitely be back again.
bubble_40	We were in a really good situation ! Between Flat iron and Empire State ! In the restaurants area a good choice , you can go by walk anywhere and if not you have the metro in a few feeds. Good advices from the people working at the hotel, otherwise just one bad report of this hotel... A really very small breakfast area... You have to pick it up and take the breakfast in your room, and it's always the same... After 5 of my 10 days there I was fed up of the same breakfast all days... It's the only think that it was worst, the bedroom was reLly huge and comfortable, every day clean towels and shampoo were reposted.  A good place to be if you are going to spend few days in the big apple!
bubble_40	This hotel was a great find. NYC is notorious for expensive , overpriced accommodation but this place was really reasonable . We were a family of 4 and stayed in the junior suite which had 2 queen beds and a sitting area with a fold out couch so each child could actually have their own bed instead of sharing which was awesome! The suite was surprisingly large and also had a desk and a small table which we used to eat breakfast .   Bathroom is dated but was a good size and shower worked well.   Breakfast is complimentary (bagels , pastries , juice, tea , coffee) which gave us a good start for the day . Breakfast room is very small and too warm. Would suggest management put air con and remove the few tables and chairs they have there to allow more room for people to move around or
bubble_30	After our first night here, during which we'd had 3 hours sleep between us, we moved rooms. The hotel is on a busy corner and with a few bars on the street below, it needs better sound insulation than it currently has! After moving from the 3rd to the 8th floor though, and to the other side of the hotel, we were much happier.  The rooms are nicely decorated, but the bathrooms need updating and the Venetian blinds do not block out enough light. Breakfast is pastries and bagels, we had them 1 day and they were nice enough (the breakfast room gets really cramped so we took breakfast back to our room), but we mostly chose to get breakfast out and about.
bubble_50	I have just returned from a 5 night stay with my friend at The Broadway Plaza and could not have had a better time!  The hotel is in the most amazing area for nightlight, food, cocktails and a lovely little jazz club round the corner.   The hotel is modern, beds are comfy, the bathrooms are slightly outdated but very clean.  The Breakfast room is small yes, but is sufficient enough selection to start your day and you can take a tray up to your room.  Staff are very friendly and helpful and will go out of their way for you.    We had a slight misunderstanding with our transport back to the airport but this was resolved and the follow up with the hotel dealt with very promptly and professionally.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend The Broadway Plaza to anyone visiting New York, in
bubble_40	We wanted to split  the difference between Times Square and downtown so it was perfect. Subway one block away and a fantastic pizza joint right beside! Friendly, helpful staff. Got the room for ~$300 CDN/night Friday=Monday which we felt was excellent value for the area and the room we had.
bubble_50	Stayed here in April this year and we loved it so much we are coming back again next year! Rooms were of good size, good storage options in the room were great considering we were there for almost 3weeks. The staff here were friendly and helpful with every question we had, including dealing with the room next to us who decided that being super loud jumping around and shouting, were dealt with. The only downside was the elevator that insisted on stopping at every single floor whether or not someone was there waiting, a bit of a pain when staying on one of the higher floors. We had the Empire State Building as a nightlight so will be requesting this view again, for two newlyweds from New Zealand, this was just magical! The hotel is an easy walk from everywhere! We walked to Eataly
bubble_40	The Hotel location was very close to the venue. I had a corner room with a nice view. Great price with breakfast and free WiFi. Great looking room! I was surprised and my family loved it. It was great stop over space. I must use the booking app agian also. It was the reason I located the hotel.
bubble_50	Spent a week at this hotel and it was fantastic.  Very friendly staff,  clean,  large rooms, great location. We were on the same floor as the breakfast room which was very convenient.  Walking distance to a ton of great areas,  and very close to subway lines.
bubble_40	Very clean and tidy, good view from room.  Close to most sites, either walking which we did a lot, or using underground very close.  Breakfast is continental, but not big enough to sit down, we took back to our room.  Pizza place on corner, we had takeaway very nice, and not far to walk to Chelsea area and iron building. Would revisit as very reasonable.
bubble_40	I was a little worried when I looked at the hotel from Google streetview but when I opened the door all we could say was wow. Do not be put off by the street frontage or the lobby. If you care about those things then this is not the hotel for you. The room was incredibly spacious for our family of 4 and we were more than comfortable. The breakfast was perfect. It felt a little like staying in an apartment building rather than a typical hotel. We loved it!
bubble_50	Just got back from a great stay at this hotel.I asked for a room with a view and that is what i got (902).Good location very central 10-15 min walk to Time Square.Breakfast room is very small so took a tray and took breakfast up to the room.Staff on reception very helpful,Beds made up every day.I would defo stay here.
bubble_50	Hotel is clean. Beds are pretty comfortable. Staff is friendly and helpful. Location is perfect and quiet at night. Will stay here again. Awesome view of the Empire State Building from room 405!!! Recommend this hotel!! Price is decent to be in Chelsea district.
bubble_50	Stayed here in 2013 and again in June 2016. First stay was first rate but since then refurbishment has  continued and the overall experience was marvellous. We stayed on 12th floor in a Junior suite which was absolutely great with an uninterrupted  view of Empire State building. Hotel is such excellent value for New York you'd be daft not to give it a try. An extra special mention for the Concierge,Tony,who knows more about New York than anyone else we met there. Also sincere thanks to the great housekeeping team who tend to get overlooked and taken for granted in reviews. They kept the place pristine and make sure rooms are looked after and essentials replenished. The breakfast offering is very good and equally as good as what we received elsewhere in the US (San Francisco!)
bubble_50	As previous reviews have said the view of the Empire State Building was amazing. The room was beautiful. Bathroom was small just like reviews stated. But it was still good. Staff was friendly and good for directions. Will stay again when in NYC.
bubble_40	We needed a descent place, close to Time Square, for a reasonable price. The Broadway Plaza fit the bill perfectly. The entrance was a little foreboding, but once we entered the doorman was so very hospitable and helpful. The front desk staff was very helpful. the room was excellent; large and comfortable. Free continental breakfast consists of danishes, bagels, bananas & apples, coffee, and juices. The self-parking is a couple blocks away and is ~$45. a day.
bubble_50	I booked a Jr. Suite for a 3 night stay in July 2016. I couldn't have made a better choice !!!!! It may not have the big grandiose lobby, but this was by far the best hotel I've ever stayed at  in NYC!  The Jr. Suite was enormous!  A living room/sitting area separated by a granite topped divider. It had a sleeper sofa and comfy chair - and the bathroom was huge!  The beds were very comfortable, the view of the Empire State Bldg. was a wonderful sight, and the decor was modern, but warm. The place was immaculate!  The staff very friendly and helpful!  I dropped an earring down the bathroom sink drain, and they immediately sent someone up and I had my earring back in my hand in 5 minutes!  It is centrally located, subway around the corner, High Line within walking distance, lots
bubble_50	We spent a week in NYC and stayed here the whole time.  The staff is incredible, before we left we called and they had made arangements for us to be picked up at the airport.  checked in very quickly, went to our room and were blown away. it was a massive room for any hotel much less one in NYC, and our view was right at the Empire state building.  The free breakfast was nice (bagels and muffins), but there is a pizza join right next to the front door that also does breakfast and that's where you wanna eat.  The doorman was very helpful in getting us subway info to various outings.  We will stay here again on our next trip there,
bubble_40	Really pleased with this hotel - HUGE rooms (when comparing to other Manhattan hotels) and very modern - and very clean!! If I should give one recommendation to how the rooms could get even better - then it is to change the blinds... because they look good.... but they are not very efficient (doesn't block out the light)  Best part of the hotel is the staff and the service - really good and VERY accommodating.  The breakfast room is not really a room (so do not expect to sit down for a cozy breakfast).... but rather a small buffet where you can pick up coffee (all day) and in the morning bagels, pastry and juice - to bring to your own room (on the tray available in the room). If you are OK with that - then this is the hotel to choose on Manhattan!!  I will definitely be back ;-)
bubble_50	My family (husband and 2 daughters - 11 and 16 years) have just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel. Friendly and helpful staff who were always on hand to give advice.  Sorted out taxi back  to JFK and stored luggage free of charge on final day as flights late at night. Clean and air conditioned room which was maintained daily with clean linen and towels.  Brilliant location for every attraction which you chose to go to - either by foot or nearby subway.  Breakfast daily and coffee/water 24/7 which was great.  Brilliant takeaway pizza next door for when children to tired to return out again in the evening after a hectic day!! Free wifi too!! Would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay there again on next visit to New York.  Fabulous view of Empire State Building
bubble_50	Easy check in, friendly staff and such helpful and fun concierge.   Walking distance to Time Square and so many restaurants.  Beds are comfy, small shower,however i wpould stay there again.  Great hotel and area!
bubble_50	The hotel was in a very good Position so that we could get to Times Square. Well maintained hotel and up to date. Staff and concierge were very welcoming and I have to say that Edwin the night concierge was very helpful and accommodating when we were leaving by arranging a shuttle bus for is on such short notice. Would recommend this hotel and will also stay again.  London customers
bubble_50	Nice hotel, central but not right on Time Square so not as hectic. Room very modern and clean with good bathroom, bath and shower, and ,well, you can see view from the window, doesn't get better than that. Nice touch is a kitchen with free Starbucks coffee and tea 24/7 and pastries in the mornings.Helpful staff, concierge, Anthony, will go above and beyond to assist, his advice saved us money. Recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	My husband, teenage son and I stayed in this hotel for 7 nights and have no complaints. All staff were lovely, polite and helpful.  Our room was massive  and had a view of the Empire State Building which was an added bonus. The room was cleaned on a daily basis and laundry changed if required. We had a plentiful supply of towels for the three of us. The beds were big and comfy. Room wass air conditioned which was great. We were just along the corridor from the breakfast room so took our room tray along in the morning and brought our breakfast back to eat at the table in our room.  There was a good supply of bagels, pastries and donuts and these were replenished at various times in the morning. Tea and coffee and water also available 24 hours a day which was great.  The staff
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel with my 2 young children, all staff are absolutely fantastic, no complaints what so ever, this turned out to be a lovely hotel for us not to big just right so it wasn't overwhelming for the children, the free breakfast was just right as not really interested in a full on breakfast at 7am in the morning, cleanest kitchen ever :) We requested a room with a view of the Empire State Building and the view we got, location was also good, the only thing I didn't like was that I had to pay extra for a bigger room For a cot which really didn't take up that much room at all so really could have stayed in originally booked room Without spending more money! Would def stay again
bubble_50	Rooms were modern and comfortable.   Maybe block out curtains are needed in bedroom as the room in morning was too bright during summer.  Anthony the concierge was very helpful and polite.  He was able to assist with bookings at a better discount then other places eg Broadway. The hotel is very close to Times Square, Maceys, the Empire State Building and subway.  Continental breakfast included.
bubble_40	We had a lovely two night stay here. We were four adults. We found our room to be spacious and we loved that we had two queen beds (as opposed to double beds).  The location was great and we walked up to Macy's, Times Square.  The price was right. We booked direct with hotel website so we had wifi included, which was great. They stored our bags after check-out because we had a late flight so that was very convenient. I would stay here again!
bubble_50	A Gem of a hotel. Stayed for 3 nights as a family of 4 with my wife and 2 teenage boys. We booked a superior queen suite with 2 queen beds. We were not disappointed. The room was huge. The bathroom decor was a tad dated but it was spotless. There are no frills with the hotel and the foyer is small but it didn't bother us. The complimentary breakfast was nice addition. Nothing fancy but it sets you up for the day. The staff were friendly and welcoming and the location  perfect. ESB only a few minutes walk.
bubble_50	This hotel exceeded all of our expectations. There were four of us in one room which was a large corner room with huge windows overlooking the Empire State Building - the view was incredible! For the price it was unbeatable, with coffee and tea available at all times in takeaway cups. Breakfast was ok - a selection of fruit, pastries and doughnuts. Room was spotlessly clean and beds very comfortable. Such great value and a comfortable, pleasant stay. Location wise we walked everywhere from the hotel - it really is a gem.
bubble_30	Good location to most sights, we walked around the area and found fantastic small eateries, and places to buy salads, cheesecakes, different meat dishes.  If you have trouble sleeping, don't book room 604, it's on a corner where the lights from the hotel facade shine in all night, it's difficult to differentiate whether it is day or night. Though the rooms are very nice, clean and with the things you need.  We needed an adapter, as we forgot to buy one at the airport. The hotel lent us two, which we thought was good service.  Yes, the breakfast is exactly how everyone else has described, but totally adequate, lovely with fresh fruit. Good coffee.
bubble_50	This hotel is not exactly "luxurious" but it was perfect for us. I liked the size of the room, it was much bigger than other hotels where I've stayed in Manhattan. We got a room with two queen beds - that makes a big difference when so many other hotels only offer doubles. Great location, free breakfast, polite staff, recent renovations to the room, and a great price! What a perfect combination. Who cares that the lobby is small, everything else was great!
bubble_40	Pros: Very good location whch is very walkable and near the NR subway; we had a big (for NYC) corner room, continental breakfast and coffee area Cons: Pay for wifi (but a low room rate can cover for that)
bubble_40	We stayed at Broadway Plaza for 5 nights,  it's in a great location handy to subway and good food options, walking distance from some major attractions such as Times Square and Empire State Building.   Rooms were clean and tidy and spacious with large bathroom.  Rooms serviced daily.   Although no restaurant onsite there is a free basic breakfast that includes coffee, bagels and donuts, so good to take advantage of this.   Wifi was good.  Staff were friendly, doormen were especially good.  This  is reasonably priced hotel for its location compared to others in same area and we would definitely stay here again if back in NY
bubble_40	You're in the middle of Manhattan, expect noise!! We didn't find it a big issue but a light sleeper may. Location is awesome, so much to see and do right outside your door step! We had a room with 2 double beds and the room was huge, NYC hotel rooms can be quite small so was nice to have space and a big bathroom (out dated bathroom but clean!) Staff at the door were friendly however staff at the front desk were hit and miss (who knows they are probably under paid so I would be the same!) but they were pleasant enough!
bubble_50	We stayed for a weekend with kids in an Executive 2 queen room.  Room was large by NYC standards.  Very clean.   I was concerned since our room was on the 2nd floor that it would be noisy, but it was pretty quiet...heard a car honking from time to time but nothing to keep us awake. Breakfast was a great start for us. I will say we had a little trouble locating the hotel because the entrance is just the door (there is an awning but still our taxi driver couldn't find it).  The location was excellent.  One block from the subway station and easy walk to Times Square and Flatiron building.  We would stay here again.  We booked through cheaptickets and used a 18% coupon which was even better!
bubble_40	Hotel location is a major plus, as it is only 15min from times square, 10 mins from empire state, and also close to the flat iron building. Our room was lovely, clean and spacious with a comfy bed. Downside was we were on the 3rd floor so could hear traffic outside (including beeping horns constantly!). It meant that on the first night we struggled to get a good night's sleep, not ideal after a 7 hour flight and being up for nearly 24 hours! We seemed to fix this by leaving the air con on all night and it drowned out the noise. I would ask when you book to have a higher floor as this should fix the problem. The free breakfast is good, a choice of fruit, pastries, donuts and bagels. The coffee is also nice considering its free! I have noticed some complaints on the breakfast, but
bubble_30	A rarity for travelers used to Southern Europe standards: modest, unassuming to a fault at first glance, you might even pass by it without noting, Cramped entrance corridor, small reception. On this backdrop you would expect the room to be still more modest and smaller as per the rule prevailing  for hotels in Paris, Rome and Madrid. Quite the contrary here: big, comfortable room, stylish and well appointed in all respects ( a minus tough for no shower cap). I can hardly recall having appreciated a hotel room more than this one.  Had the  wall to wall carpet been replaced by a parquet floor it would have been next to perfect . Another potential for improvement:a window which can be opened. For guests not having reserved through the  hotel, internet is not free, it is actually
bubble_50	I visited and stayed 5 nights here with my friend and ger husband. Amazing hotel. Fantastic location within walking distance to Macys and Empire State Building. Complementary breakfast. Friendly staff especially Anthony the concierage who went above and beyond to help us out arranging helicopter trip and trip to theatre  would go back to stay there in a heartbeat
bubble_50	This is a well situated, well priced hotel mid town maybe 10 mins walk from Times Square.  Subway is a block away, some nice places to eat close by - cannot fault the location apart from the subway noise really.  We were on the 6th floor facing front of hotel (with view of Empire State) and could not hear traffic just the trains which run pretty much all night.  Like I say on most of my reviews if you are a light sleeper take ear plugs I am not one for moving rooms unless really bad and my partner slept well so ear plugs are way to go.  Room was amazing we had a Queen room and it was big enough amazing comfy bed, nice area to store cases and get dressed nice size bathroom everything was spotless. Thought it was a nice touch that can choose not to have the bedding changed every
bubble_30	Saw good reviews of this place and was really looking forward to it. Seems we lucked out though with our experience. Arrived on a Saturday and got room 201 on the corner of 2 streets and opposite a night club. Eventually went down at 4am after little sleep and asked for quiet room for rest of stay. Sure enough they called up in the morning to arrange our move... when we got back we'd been moved up 4 floors but on same side. Only difference for us was the nightclub was shut. Concierge were very helpful and we found out why. Very kind of them to arrange Liberty and Ellis Island boat tour but the payment method of $20 cash deposit and the rest by card seemed dubious. Sure enough when we got to the port we could have bought tix for the card amount and the cash part was obviously
bubble_50	The bed was big and really comfortable. Fabulous view of the Empire State Building. Free breakfast was a bonus, bagels were amazing and there was a selection of pastries.  Breakfast room tiny most people took their breakfast back to their room on a tray. Free tea and coffee accessible all day. Very friendly staff especially the concierge Anthony. Hotel was spotlessly clean. Situated on Broadway close to the subway within walking distance of Times Square and Macy's. Would I go back to this hotel yes anytime.
bubble_40	Typically costs less than most midtown hotels. Small place but great location 1 block from Subway and easily accessible to downtown, midtown, uptown, etc. There are some less crowded neighborhood restaurants around here and less tourist type places. Its a great spot though in the middle of everything and few blocks from the Empire State Bldg.
bubble_50	The Broadway plaza is a fantastic hotel.  The rooms have recently been decorated and the King size bed is extremely comfortable.  Exactly what you need after a day on your feet!  Between 0600 and 1000 there is a self service continental breakfast perfect start to a busy day.  The hotel is less than a 10 minute walk from Times Square so you are close enough to enjoy the huddle and bustle but far enough away for a quiet night sleep.  I have stayed at this hotel on 2 of my 3 visits and would not book anywhere else now
bubble_50	First time in New York and thankfully relied on the reviews found on Trip advisor. Hotel ideally situated. Room and bathroom were large and well equipped, comfortable, tastefully decorated and very well presented. The free buffet breakfast (a rarity in the USA) was well stocked and of a high standard. Had a great view of the Empire State Building. The busy bustle of the streets and local shops bars and restaurants gave a great flavour. Times Square a short walk Macys etc. The outstanding feature of the hotel was the Concierge, Anthony. He was perfectly friendly, outstandingly helpful with trips and anything I required. A credit to himself and the hotel. When I return to New York I WILL use this hotel again. Can't say more than that.
bubble_40	A very nice hotel in a perfect location for seeing all the sites times square about 12 minute walk subway and buses very close by we had a great view of the Empire State Building from our room the hotel is clean and tidy our room was very big but we did pay for a Junior suite as we heard some of the rooms are quite small so I would say the extra for a suite is well worth it rooms are well equipped they could do with a bit of tlc but on the whole it's fine excellent value for money free coffee 24 hours a day and a free breakfast only bagels and a few pastries but ok the breakfast room is very small so we took it back to our room all the staff are friendly and helpful especially the Consiarge who got us some great tickets for a show and recommend some good restaurants on the whole
bubble_50	I've just come home from a week at the Broadway Plaza and would highly recommend it. I'm a single 32 y/o female traveller and this was my 3rd time staying in New York.The hotel is very centrally located and just a couple of minutes from the subway. Times Square is just a 10-15 minute walk, and lots of handy shops nearby (Duane Reade, Manhattan mall).I am always quite safety conscious when travelling alone, but felt very safe in the area (even later on In the evenings-took the subway home after shows). Check in was easy. Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. Hotel was always very clean, both in the room and communal areas and housekeeping were very good. Breakfast was more than sufficient, a selection of pastries, muffins and bagels. As people have said previously the
bubble_40	Great place to stay; 3 of us shared a room with 2 comfortable double beds and a sofa bed - the room was enormous by any standards let alone NYC! Beautifully decorated throughout and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was handy to have although the breakfast area was insanely small and we quickly learnt to take a tray and eat in the room. No big deal but it would make a difference if the hotel were to invest in a larger area. Staff were good, particularly the doormen. Location great, one block from the subway and with a bit of a view of the Empire State. Would stay here again as it was so convenient for everything yet not at all noisy at night.  Just one little thing to be aware of - no free WiFi, it costs $10 per day for 2 devices and you pay on checkout.
bubble_40	We had a family of 4 (kids 10 and 12 y/o) and Grandma and Grandpa for a long weekend stay. We had 2 rooms. Both very nice. Updated decor, very clean. Great staff especially the weekday concierge! Breakfast area very small, but it was well stocked with fresh food and the staff was friendly. There were tiny fixes needed with our door and toilet paper holder, but they didn't detract. The hotel is conveniently located and in a decent neighborhood. It's not a perfect neighborhood, but we were safe walking at night with our kids. Definitely recommend and we would stay again.
bubble_40	Stayed in hotel in December. The rooms were huge for New York, staff were also very friendly and welcoming. Don't be put off by outside the hotel it was perfectly fine. It was less then a 10 minute walk to macys and there was a sub way a block away.   The Empire State Building could be seen from our window a perfect few of NY, Tea and coffee was available all day long breakfast was just pastries and juice which was fine. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody travelling to New York. Could not fault it.
bubble_50	flew with American Airways which we could'nt fault, flew on time both ways, food & drink on the plane no charge, fantastic service of  stewadess. hotel cheak in was very quick and easy, although one room was'nt ready this was not a problem at all, just put cases in one room as we were going staight out anyway. room was spasous with a great view of the empire stste building. antony the bellboy/ concierge is a top bloke very very knowledgable and can get you discount on hop on / hop off bus and tickets for attrations.the Broadway plaza hotel is in a excellent position for walking distance for all the things you want to visit. breakfast is buffet with bagels, danish and of course donuts, we would just like to say a big thankyou to all the friendly wonderful staff for making part of
bubble_40	It is unusual for me to start off with a negative, but I can't believe this hotel charges for wifi! It's 2016! Of course, the charging model is per 24hrs and maybe it's me, but I spend about 8 hours of that asleep and most of the remainder out of the hotel. Despite all the positives, I would normally not book a hotel that charges for wifi these days. A last minute booking error. Positives: the staff were excellent throughout my stay. Polite and friendly and also helpful when I needed a bit of stationary to complete some work. I asked for a quiet room and was placed on the 10th floor. The room itself was quiet, but we have to remember this is a hotel right on Broadway in Manhattan. New Yorkers do like to to use their car horns. The neighborhood is reasonable, but is close to
bubble_50	The Broadway Plaza Hotel has always been my "Go-To" hotel. I think this is my 3rd or 4th review and it just keeps getting better every time. This hotel probably has the biggest, roomiest suites in the city; which is one of the main reasons I keep coming back. The rooms have modern decor and always neat and clean. The staff is always courteous and friendly. My friends and I arrived in the city a bit early and, while we couldn't check in, the hotel did allow us to store our luggage while we explored the city. I can't say enough about my experience's at this hotel!
bubble_50	Really impressed with this very clean hotel .Our  room with 2 double beds was very modern and spacious. The bathroom was also very spacious too,  The location was spot on as well. Subway  very close and empire state building only a short walk away.  All the staff were very friendly and always on hand to help with any information.  Breakfast a bit basic and the area where you get it is rather pokey but it set us up for the day.
bubble_40	We stayed here for 2 nights in a family room with 2 double beds.  Two adults & 2 kids aged 7&10.  Small reception but staff were very friendly and helpful.  Large spacious room and bathroom.  All facilities you would expect - hair drier, safe, toiletries, tv etc.   Comfortable beds and soft towels.  Plenty of hot water. All in all comfortable accommodation. Complimentary tea & coffee 24 hours per day.  Complimentary continental breakfast was basic but good to fill the kids up be for a day sightseeing - bagels, donuts, Danish pastries & fruit. Breakfast room is very small but most people used the tray in the room to take breakfast to their room - we were lucky to get a table in the breakfast room. Good location on Broadway kind of In-between the Empire State Building and the
bubble_50	After months of indecision and research I finally decided on the Broadway plaza hotel in New York . Check in was smooth and quick , we had a spacious room on the 5th floor that was spotlessly clean with large fluffy bath towels . Wifi was strong and included in our 8 night price. Breakfast was juice tea / coffee bagels , pastries and fresh fruit , definitely filled you up for a day of sight seeing . Staff were polite and extremely helpful for directions , restaurants and best sight seeing options .Location was excellent subways on the next block walking distance to Macy's , MSG , Empire State Building And 5th avenue to name a few . Only negative was the street noise but no fault of the hotel ... Make sure you take earplugs especially if you are there over the weekend - all in
bubble_50	What can I say Mr friend Moira and I were lucky enough to stay here for a week at the end of March for her 60th birthday   ,I can truly recommend this hotel ,the staff are amazing and extremely helpful,Anthony the concierge was very helpful especially with theatre tickets and bus tours.andWe were lucky to have a junior suite with an excellent view of the empire state building .The hotel is spotlessly clean .The free breakfast was an added bonus and no complaints there (loved the bagels and cream cheese) fresh fruit and tea or coffee ,we have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and hope to return soon .Thank you Broadway Plaza for our wonderful stay.
bubble_50	After reading so many reviews on here beforehand, we arrived for our 4 night stay last Sunday, feeling like we already knew the place inside out! We are a family of four, sharing a room of two double beds.  We were not disappointed. The hotel receptionist team are lovely and smile a lot - which is not always the case with receptionists! We were given a room on the 2nd floor for the first night - as the hotel was completely full. However, the staff moved our suitcases up to our new room - 704 whilst we were out during the next day, so we came straight back to our new room! The room was very clean and modern, the bathrooms are huge too and we were very impressed with our view of the Empire State Building from the window! The only slight complaint with the room was that there was
bubble_50	This is one of the friendliest hotels that I have ever stayed in! Before going I read mixed reviews but so glad that I didnt write it off. The holiday was a girly 5 days in celebration of my friends BIG birthday and her first time in New York. Our double queen sized room was the biggest I have stayed at in New York and the bathroom was much bigger than most and had lots of fluffy towels, it was spotless and we had an amazing view of the Empire State Building! We took a tip from a previous Trip Advisor comment and took our tray down each morning to level 4, where complimentary  coffee, tea, bagels and the most amazing cream cheese, donuts, muffins and more were on offer which we took back to enjoy in the comfort of our room and the view of the Empire State! Before I went I had
bubble_40	We had a very lovely week-long stay at the Broadway Plaza Hotel. Located in the Flatiron/Gramercy district it's extremely close to a lot of cafes, bars and restaurants.   The hotel itself is only a few yards away from 28th St Subway stations.  (But be warned that many of the express trains don't stop at 28th St so unless you catch a local train you'll have to factor in a short 10/15 min walk from 23rd or Herald Sq.)  The room was very full of space and very comfortable - we were lucky enough to have a high level room with a wonderful view of the Empire State Building, but even without the view we'd have been perfectly happy with the room.  My only small gripe with the room was that apart from a hanging rail in the corner of the room there wasn't really anywhere to store clothes
bubble_50	Had a great room, fantastic view of Empire State. Even from the bathroom :-) Spacious room, very clean, maid service every day replaced nice towels. We used the complimentary breakfast more than we thought we would. Nice coffee bagels, croissants etc. Was also useful end of the night to take a drink to the room. Perfect location for us, nice walk to Times Square, Empire State, Flat Iron. Felt an area the locals go rather than tourists. Subway 1 block away, which we went everywhere on once we got used to it. Weekly ticket was a bargain. Plenty of nice food drink places all around and looks like developing even more around. 230 Rooftop is just around the corner. Again good views of the Empire State. Anthony, concierge,  was very helpful and pleasant and gave good information on
bubble_50	Booked this hotel for a short break in New York. Didn't have high expectations as it was one of the cheapest hotels in the central Manhattan area.  When we arrived at the hotel the doorman was helpful and polite in greeting us. The reception staff were equally as friendly and polite.   When we arrived at our room, it was freshly decorated and spacious for Manhattan standards. There was all the facilities that you would need for your stay such as hairdryer, wifi and TV. The hotel itself was quiet and you couldn't hear too much of the hustle and bustle from the city from inside the room.   The rate of the room included breakfast and although it wasn't amazing, it was just enough to take away the hunger when you wake up. Was nice to have a bagel and some fresh juice and the
bubble_50	We first view the Plaza Hotel from Central Park. You can get a beautiful view from there just as Kevin did in "Home Alone 2" ;-) . We also went inside this beautiful hotel and blown away by it. It's definitely worth a look even if you're not staying there.
bubble_50	Stayed here for four nights in March. Fantastic stay. Room was great. Location was perfect for Madison Garden. Staff was awesome. Lots of great restaurants in the area. We had the corner suite. Two queens and a pull out sleeper. Fridge and the Empire State Building in view out of our window on the 5th floor.
bubble_40	We had a brilliant 4 night stay, helpful staff,fluffy towels,comfy beds,ideal location for sights and subway,buy a metrocard for $30 for a week, well worth it. Head concierge Anthony very helpful, will book attractions and minibus back to airport for you.Room was very clean and spacious. ,little tip is take room tray to breakfast area then enjoy the huge pastries,bagels and soft cream cheese ,tea,coffee in the comfort or your room. bus and subway maps and lots of info on sights in the room.We did a "Night on the town" cruise $99 per person fantastic trip and great photos of skyline  . have a coffee and chill in "Tavern on the Green" in Central Park . Try and visit Chelsea Market between 9th and 10th ave on 23rd St, open every day( get off subway at 14th street) opposite Google
bubble_40	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in February during our trip to New York. Room was smaller than expected for a Superior Queen with not much space for hanging up clothes. The stay was nice with a good view of the Empire State Building. Continental breakfast could had a better selection, but wasn't too bothered as it free didn't mind going elsewhere.  Overall, a nice hotel and wouldn't have any complaints about staying there again as it was central to everywhere we wanted to visit and close to a subway station.
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in Manhattan for a week in March.   Checked in in the afternoon, small wait to be served, we took the elevator to our room on the 8th floor. Opened the door and WOW - what a beautifully decorated room! The colour scheme was brilliant, in particular the way the blinds, bed and lights blended in with the walls. Easily the nicest room I've stayed in hotel wise.   The bathroom was OK. Couldn't help feel it was dated compared to the bedroom but it served it's purpose. A bath would have been nice to relax in the evening as we did a lot of walking every day.   Lovely view of the Empire State building out of our window, just as we requested - thank you. It would have been nice to have seen the top of the building including the
bubble_50	We've just returned from a five night stay in New York and this hotel was fantastic. We had a gorgeous recently renovated room with a view of the empire state which was a great surprise. Rooms have a thermostat and an air con box so you have the heating how you like, bathroom also has a hairdryer which saved packing one. A safe is also included at no charge. The location is great, close to everything - Broadway, 5th Avenue, Times Square, Flatiron area. Subway also nearby. Breakfast is served in a help-yourself kitchen with bagels, pastries and tea/coffee/hot chocolate/juices- perfect to start the day. Flat rate taxi to Manhattan is $70 after toll and tip which was the easiest way to get there as subway involves a few changes and with suitcases it just sounded too much hassle.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel, very good conditions! Great staff, specially the concierge, they were exceptional! Good location, near the empire state building, time square, madison square garden, flatiron Building, ect.
bubble_40	We stayed here from the 23/2-26/2 with our 6 month old daughter and it was great. Anthony the concierge was very friendly and could not have been more helpful. All the staff were friendly and the room was very clean,and the large bathroom meant we had somewhere to store our baby's pushchair without having to collapse it every night. The room was comfy and nicely decorated and had a boutique feel.  The breakfast wasn't the most healthy-very beige and carb heavy apart from the banana and apples however this was free so I can't complain as its a nice gesture. I was a little disappointed not to get a room with an Empire State view despite emailing when I booked although I was told it couldn't be guaranteed. The only other 'disappointments' (as opposed to negatives) was the cost of
bubble_50	Stayed here for 5 nights. The concierge was very helpful and the hotel is in a fab position. The room overlooked the Empire State which was a lovely bonus! Breakfast was on level 4 yes it's a small room but again tea and food can be taken to the room. We would definitely stay again if we are lucky enough to return
bubble_30	I have stayed in better hotels but you get what you pay for. Excellent location for our weeks stay in NY. Bedroom comfortable enough but no  kettle for tea or coffee which we missed as it was -18 degrees while we were there. The lobby and reception area do get very busy with lots of people milling about ( not many comfortable seating area ) Cannot comment on food as we didn't,t breakfast there, perfectly good cafes and delis close by which were much cheaper. This is not a negative review as I would use this hotel again, it is a good base and there is so much to see and do nearby that you aren,t inside for long, just to sleep.
bubble_50	We stayed the week of Valentines Day and it was great. We were able to check in early, and the front desk/Concierge couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. We stayed in room 1001, a corner room, and the view of the Empire State Building was amazing. Besides the price, we booked primarily due to the Mid Town location, as well as how close the nearest subway station was. 28th/Broadway is only a block away, and if you don't feel like walking, the Empire State Building & Macy's is only one stop uptown, and two stops to Times Square.   If we ever visit NYC again, we will definitely be staying at Broadway Plaza Hotel.
bubble_40	What a find this hotel is! The entryway and foyer are a little cramped and off-putting. But the rooms are large, clean, well furnished and luxurious. Big comfy beds and plump pillows. We had a view of the Empire State Building even though we were only in the 3rd floor. There was little in the way of street noise even though we were right on the corner and heard nothing from our neighbours or the floor above either. Some weird and wonderful shops surround the hotel and its in very easy walk to 28th st tube stations. If you're getting a taxi to here don't forget to tell the driver it's 27th and Broadway, not the address. They have no clue and need street corner names only not number and street like we're used to in the UK. The continental breakfast is complementary on the 4th
bubble_40	his is the second time we have stayed at the Broadway Plaza. Both times we have been fortunate to get a room with a view of the Empire State Building. The rooms are spacious and clean. The free breakfast is bagels and pastries and some fruit. They have Starbucks coffee and tea 24/7.All the staff are friendly and helpful. If you're a walker, the theatre district is 14 blocks away and it's about a 10 minute walk from Penn Station. There are 3 subway lines within a few blocks and several nearby restaurants as well as the Flatiron Building and fun shops like Fish Eddy's. My only complaint was the room temperature. It was quite warm and on the 10th floor even when you turn off the heat, there's plenty rising from below. We solved it by turning on the air conditioning. It seemed weird
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza after reading Trip Advisor reviews. We weren't disappointed, we arrived quite late on a Monday evening to very friendly staff who made the check in quick and easy. We then went up to out lovely room with an amazing view of the Empire State Building. The staff were great throughout, including storing our bags after checkout, the room was well serviced everyday. Free breakfast is a bonus and was well stocked no matter what time we went down. Top tip would be to book direct to benefit from the free wifi!! We certainly plan a return trip!!
bubble_50	Everything about this hotel was fantastic from the rooms to the service, friendly and helpful staff and complimentary breakfast. Our room was on the 8th floor and had a fantastic view of the empire state building, was tastefully decorated and very comfortable and clean. There was a great breakfast supplied in the small but ample breakfast room on the 4th floor. This consisted of muffins, donuts, bagels, fruit and croissants. There is only 4 tables available in the breakfast room but there was a tray provided in your room to take your breakfast to the comfort of your own room. We travelled with our two boys aged 12 and 14 and they absolutely loved the breakfast. The hotel itself is in a nice central location with a subway station just one block away, in easy walking distance of
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great location on Broadway and just a few blocks from the Empire State and the Flatiron Building. Subway close by.  The room (301) was very generous in size and was clean, tidy and comfortable. Bathroom was a little on the small side but hot water was plentiful and it was nice to have the option of a bath after a day sightseeing!  Wi Fi available at a charge (for us it was cheaper to use our UK allowance via a hotspot).   Breakfast is a really great perk and although the dining space is small, there is a tray in the room and it was really easy to pop up and get something to take back to the room.  good choice of pastries, bagels, muffins and fruit as well as fruit juices.   The availability of tea and coffee all day was great too.  There are also vending and
bubble_40	Close to the subway that can take you everywhere.  Concierge was amazing.  Knowledgeable.  Lots of great places within one block to eat, shop and get drinks.  Rooms were quiet, bed was amazingly comfortable.  Bathrooms big enough for luxury tub, but only have a small shower.
bubble_50	Rooms were amazing, clean sheets and spotless. We even had one of the rooms with a view of the empire state building which was beautiful. Breakfast area was small and at first we were apprehensive about it, but the fresh pastries and bagels were delicious, which we now crave and can't get anything similar back in the UK. After all, we were in New York, and were only in the hotel to sleep, and ate out any other times anyway. The Hotel is a 10 minute walk from Macy's which was really handy if you want to go shopping, and it was easy to get to. It was also a 10 minute walk from the empire state building which is by the sightseeing bus line. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, with them constantly offering help to find places and offering to arrange any tours for us, one
bubble_50	We are just back from 4 nights at the Broadway Plaza and I just wanted to add a few bits for others visiting this amazing city.  The hotel is very central, so great if you want to jump on the underground or make your way to Herald Square.  We have been to New York a few times and decided to stay here again due to how central the hotel was, how clean the rooms are, the complimentary tea & coffee (which when the temperatures got down to -10 outside was just what we needed in between shopping;0)) and the free breakfast.  We have stayed in other hotels where the reception staff have been a bit on the un-friendly side but can honestly say everyone was polite and were happy to help.  If you can get a room with a view of the Empire State building, it makes it even more wonderful to
bubble_40	This hotel is conveniently situated near Times Square, restaurants and subways. The room was stylish, roomy and had a good bathroom and storage. We appreciated the complimentary breakfast and coffee, which we collected each morning on the tray in the room as the breakfast area is very small. The only downside was the fact that the walls are thin and some of the other guests were entertaining what sounded like 'ladies of the night', there was a lot of noise followed by the sound a short while later of visitors leaving the premises. If this kind of visitor was more controlled we would have rated this hotel as a five as the concierge and reception staff were great.
bubble_50	I stayed 5 nights on holiday with my mother in February.  The staff are helpful and polite and there always seemed to be someone on concierge  asking us where we were going that day.  Nice that concierge opened the door and greeted us when  we entered and exited the hotel.   Rooms are large for NYC and we stayed in room 1104 which had a fantastic view of Empire State Building.  I thought that it would be a problem that there is no tea making facilities  in the room as being from UK I need my cup of tea!  It wasn't an issue as 4th floor has small breakfast  room with 24 hour coffee and tea.  Continental  breakfast was fresh bagels, pastries and fresh fruit.  We took our tray down and took breakfast back to our room as there are only 4 small tables in  breakfast room and it got
bubble_40	Nicely located, walkable to theater district, Penn Station, Chelsea area.  Rooms were clean though at times, the walls seemed a little thin.  The staff was very courteous and helpful. Breakfast room included pastries, coffee, etc. though the seating area was small.
bubble_50	As soon as I walked into the place there was an unmistakable ambience of being welcome, and the beaming smile from the receptionist was very much appreciated after a prolonged and tiring journey. Our room was much better than I was expecting and enormous by New York hotel standards. The room had a new feel about it with very modern dcor and a 40", flat screen TV. Considering that I had only paid for a standard room, I was very impressed. Great view onto Broadway and of the Empire State Building. A complimentary breakfast was available each morning, and it is worthy of note that this is provided as a goodwill gesture by the Management and is not included in the room rate. It was the other nice touches too, like how a member of staff was always there to open the door for guests
bubble_40	When in New York we don't spend a heap of time in our room so this was just the ticket.  Let's face it NYC hotel rooms are generally not that big and this was no exception but I the positive it wasn't too small.   Don't plan on eating the breakfast as it's pretty average but with great local eats close by we were not disappointed.   Affordable, this was a great place to stay on our adventure.   Picture taken from our room window.
bubble_40	We booked a superior queen room for three adults.  Very comfortable, spacious room.  We were surprised at the size for a New York Hotel.  The breakfast bar was ample but the breakfast room was very small.  We took the tray from the room to the breakfast room and brought coffee, juice and muffins back to our room where there was a table.
bubble_40	We have just enjoyed a stay here for 5 nights, booked the Empire king suite which is their Penthouse room on the top floor, so glad we did as was the only room on the 13th floor so very quiet, room was very nice and clean, bed was so big and comfortable and the bedding and pillows were so soft and smooth, it's the best sleep I've ever had whilst being away. Their are windows all around the room so a fantastic view of the city and The Empire State Building. It's not a huge room for a penthouse but the hotel itself isn't massive. Free breakfast was nice, lovely fresh bagels and pastries offered, the room is small and can be a bit of a nightmare if a lot of guests turn up at the same time, a lot took it back to their rooms. The location is great only 15min walk to Time square and
bubble_20	I stated here this past weekend.  Although the hotel itself us in a nice location, I did have some issues.     I brought my stay on the website and booked a superior queen bed room.  The bed was NOT a queen but a full.  I did check myself.  I also was supposed to get FREE WiFi because I booked through the room, I did not get that at all.   After spending 130.00 it's very disappointing.   I was also in contact with trying to set up flowers for my room for my girlfriends and mine anniversary, with sending my credit card and personal information over by email.  I never heard anything back.  So I'm a bit nervous of that.   The walls are also paper thin as well.   I would ask for a refund of my money, but I know that will not happen. If you want a good location choose this hotel, but
bubble_40	The hotel has great location, right around the middle of NYC making it really convenient to travel the surrounding area! It's a only a 10-15 walk to Times Square and certainly close to plenty of great restaurants (Eataly). The staff at Broadway Plaza were really nice, and very helpful with questions or assistance if you were a first time visitor. The rooms actually had decent space considering it's a NYC room, so no complaints there. Decently clean and a good place to stay for a few nights if you're visiting the area. I do have to say that the floors above the lobby were a bit dark and gloomy looking, but overall glad I chose to stay here for my trip to New York.
bubble_50	My husband booked this hotel as a suprise for my 30th from start to finish the hotel and all of its staff were fantastic. Prior to our trip their staff were quick to reply to emails in regards to planning and directions to the trips we had planned. We quite enjoyed the layout of the breakfast room and the fact that you could get what you wanted and could eat in the comfort of your own room, if you wanted to. The locarion is fantastic, near to everywhere including the subway to get you downtown. Not too noisy apart from the typical New York car horns etc...but youd get this everywhere. The concierge were fantastic and recognised you each time even asking how your plans went that you had told them about in the morning, we always felt like they treated us as individuals. We would
bubble_40	Good Hotel in a great location ... 10 mins walk to Times Square.... Empire State Building around the corner. Location could not be better. The breakfast room on the 4th floor was a bit small so take your tray with you and have breakfast in your room luckly we were on the 4th floor so didn't have to walk far !!! If  you are like us then take your own PG Tips for a decent cuppa!!! Saying that the coffee n juice in the hotel was lovely .   The only down side for me personaly was there was not a bar in the hotel but just a few blocks away was an excellent wine shop on W31st . And also a bit strange in a hotel were you have to pay for WIFI.   Rooms are of an amazing size.Staff are very friendly and extremely helpful.
bubble_50	my daughter and I stayed at this hotel 2nd week in December must say what a great location this hotel is , we walked everywhere 10 mins to times square, just turn left out of hotel and follow road 15 mins to top of the rock . if I ever came back I would stay here hotel staff were very nice any questions we had ,they had. breakfast room was quite small but I managed to get both of our breakfasts ie bagles bananas and coffees so not to have extra people in the room and this worked well
bubble_50	Stayed here in December for 5 days. A really great hotel with lovely staff. We had a Hugh room on the 6th floor with a view of the Empire State from our window. The breakfast room while a bit small was great for 24 hour tea and coffee. The location is brilliant with the train station on the corner to take you up or downtown in minutes. And a breakfast deli beside the hotel if you fancy a cheap breakfast. The conseirge at the hotel are top notch. Very friendly and so helpful. Having been to New York many times this hotel is up there with the best of them. Should we return I will be very happy to return to the Broadway plaza.
bubble_50	This hotel is really excellent for the price. The location is the best. Just a few blocks away from Time Square. Parking was near by. The halls, lobby and dining area are really small but the rooms were really spacious! Our room was clean and large. The decor was very modern and our view was great. This hotel will be my go to hotel when I visit NYC. Will tell friends and family about this locations.  Loved this hotel!
bubble_40	Clean and friendly to start as this was important to us.   The staff were brilliant and so helpful.  Close to the tube too! Take your tray to breakfast as your likely to be eating in your room and there isn't anywhere to go apart from your room but these are the only negatives about the hotel   The staff were so helpful and friendly. Full of local advice and knowledge.  We would stay again.  Thanks to everyone
bubble_30	Stayed with my wife for 4 nights at this location.  The proximity to subway lines (NQR) as well as (1) was very nice.  As others have mentioned the breakfast room is small with around 3-4 tables, you will have to take items back to your room.  Hotel has ice and vending only on 7th floor.  Elevator went out one day during our stay however they were able to get this resolved.  We never felt unsafe at any time as there is a heavy police presence every few blocks and there are police cameras everywhere.  Doormen are very helpful with getting a cab if necessary.  I would like to caution that you should be prepared for the street vendors if you will be walking Broadway to Time Square or the Flatiron area.  These are guys that are standing around along Broadway and they are all selling
bubble_10	Great location and great room, but the customer service was awful!  Received a pre-paid VISA gift card as a gift to spend in NYC and brought a print-out with the card number, expiration date and CSV # to use when checking out.  The front desk employee made a face as soon as she saw it and said they couldn't take it.  We explained it was just like a credit card - all she had to do was manually type in the numbers, but she was completely unwilling to help.  There was no manager on duty to speak with and the accounting department hadn't yet "shown up for work."  She continued to make faces and refused to even try.  Made for a bitter end to what was otherwise a very nice night in the city.
bubble_50	Travelled with my wife and son in December 2015 to celebrate a 21st birthday.  The Broadway Plaza offers very comfortable and clean accommodation just a few blocks from Empire State.  The lobby is very small but don't let this put you off hotel is a hidden gem. Rooms clean and spacious. Coffe and tea available 24/7 worth a visit for your short city break in NYC
bubble_40	We were very pleased with this hotel. For New York City the rooms were large.  The help was pleasant, friendly, and helpful. Close to the subway. Continental breakfast was limited to coffee, juice,milk, bagels, muffins, and yummy rolls. Room was clean, comfortable, and quiet. We never heard other guests. Price was reasonable.
bubble_50	The broadway plaza is a great place to stay , situated from a short walk from time square and Empire State . The hotel is very clean and the room we had was great , had a great view , the staff was very helpful and Anthony was great his always on hand to help in anyway he can . There's coffee and pastries on 4th floor to get the day going which was great as there's no cost . Will be booking up again and staying here .
bubble_40	Just home after staying in the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights. Very impressed with hotel indeed, staff were helpful , the place was well presented and clean. Our room was well finished with ensuite bathroom , TV , hairdryer , iron etc as you would expect. Breakfast is provided in a small breakfast room on the 4th floor. Fresh fruit, bagels, pastries , juices, tea and coffee all provided at no extra cost. I have stayed in one of New Yorks best and this was not provided so it was welcome and got the day off to a good start. Tea and coffee available around the clock at no cost. I had emailed asking for a room with a view of the Empire State Building, they replied saying they couldn't promise but would try. Upon opening our blinds the  ESB was right in front of us , the view was
bubble_40	Have just returned from spending 5 nights at the Broadway Plaza hotel & have absolutely no hesitation in recommending it. The rooms are beautifully decorated clean & most importantly after a day of shopping & sightseeing the beds are really comfortable! Our room was on the 8th floor with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. (I did email before hand to request a room with a view & they emailed back to say they could not guarantee the request so not sure if it was luck or because I asked!)  For all of the people who moan about the breakfast room I'd suggest they book a hotel that does B&B this is a free added extra we took our tray from the room down & bought the tea & pastries back to bed!  The hotel is in an excellent location for getting around town the 28th street
bubble_50	Just returned from a 6 night visit to this hotel. This is the 8th time my friend and I have stayed here over the last 10 years.  The rooms have had an upgrade and the view of the Empire State Building was as good as ever, seeing the lighting change 3 times whilst we were there.  The complimentary breakfasts is a real treat and it sets you up for the day.  All in all, another good visit, seeing a lot of the same staff. I would recommend this (and have) to anyone.  I just hope what seems like a regeneration of the area does not increase the prices too much!
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza hotel is a fantastic find for us. Great large room, very clean, comfy bed, dcor and fittings lovely. Bathroom is again very clean, good shower, towels a little tired. But plenty of them  Problem with external noise as in the heart of the City. But if you are used to a main road then you will be fine. There are only blinds on the windows which doesn't block out all the light and would of course block out some of the noise. No wifi is a pain but Starbucks across the road. There is free coffee and tea offered 24hrs a day, free continental breakfast, a mixture of pastries, donuts and bagels.  Would I stay again - yes I would, its well situated only 1 block from the metro and the bus into and back again is one block over.
bubble_50	Booked this for my 50th birthday trip for Me, My husband and son. All I can say is WOW. Hotel is small compared to some New York hotels but just what we wanted. Had a view of the Empire State Building from our bedroom. So close too. Staff are fantastic. Very easy to get around and felt very safe all times of the day and night. Subway one minute from front door. Lovely pizza shop right next door. Can't wait to go back.
bubble_40	I had the opportunity to stay here this past Thanksgiving week in a junior suite. two queens plus a pull out sofa and a mini fridge. this was one of the larger rooms i have ever stayed at in NYC and for the money was worth every penny. don't let the odd little entrance deter you from staying here. you don't want to spend all your money on a room and not get out and enjoy all that NYC has to offer.  the subway is close by and you can walk to places like the ESB, the Highline, Flatiron, etc. there are some very good places to eat around here as well. the hotel offers a small continental breakfast but there are better places to eat close by. a bunch of coffee places like Stumptown and Birch are nearby that make incredible cups of coffee for walking around the city.  stay here, you
bubble_20	My wife and children returned on November 27th from our overnight stay at the Broadway Plaza.My wife and I stayed in room 606.  At 11:00 pm on Thanksgiving Day, we were getting ready to go to bed and I noticed that there were blood stains on both the bed comforter and bed sheet.  I called the front desk to express my concern and disappointment and was told that they would  care of it.  Well, after an hour went by, I called the front desk again to express my deep dissatisfaction and was told that clean sheets were on their way. They arrived 10 minutes later; however, it was not their staff's intent to strip the bed and put on new sheets.  They expected me to do that and look bewildered when I expressed my displeasure. So, I changed the sheets and comforter myself. When I checked
bubble_30	Decent hotel in a central location.  Rooms are very large and the service is pleasant.  However, the hotel has almost no facilities to speak of and is pretty aged.  Only one elevator reaches the top floors, which sometimes makes for annoying long waits.  Also, a point off for having paid wifi - free wifi should be  standard at this point.
bubble_40	The location of this hotel is not in the heart of time square but is a great location in my opinion.  You could definitely walk to time square and even a lot of the theatres but do plan on walking a pretty good distance.  I really enjoyed my stay here.  The size of the junior suite we stayed in was perfect and the staff was very kind.  I do wish the staff was a little more helpful when we asked for help with things like restaurant and show suggestions.  My only other disappointment was the daily charge for WiFi.  I do believe we are at a time and with the rate paid that WiFi should be free.  I will definitely consider staying at this hotel again.  It was clean, spacious, comfortable and very affordable.
bubble_50	This was a last minute book like many on my books. This is a boutique with a narrow entrance on broadway but with very warm staff, very friendly and cordial. The room was perfect, big by New York standards, clean and very confortable. There is a complimentary continental breakfast which was great. Great value for the price.
bubble_40	Just returned from a three night stay at this hotel.  Four of us visiting New York for birthday celebrations and shopping.   Great hotel with friendly,efficient and helpful staff.  We had two rooms - both with views of the Empire State Building - fabulous!   The only issue would be the breakfast room - whilst very clean - way too tiny for the use it gets. This really needs to be addressed - we did bring coffee and bagels to our room - however the 24 hour rea/coffee availability was a real bonus. All the staff we met were first class - even weighing our cases before we left for the airport!! The charge for wifi was a little surprising - surely free wifi is almost a must now. Thank you to all the staff who make this hotel what it is - a little gem .
bubble_50	Visited for my birthday, with my best friends, and we had awesome service! We were even upgraded because our tv didn't work in the first room. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were very clean. We had excellent views of the city, too. The only thing we saw as an issue that needed to be resolved by the owners is the size of the breakfast area. It was so tiny! We took turns in the mornings going down to the breakfast area and brought it up to the room. We stayed 4 nights and it was very tolerable. The staff was very friendly and the concierges were always going above and beyond. Tips were well deserved. Will stay there again!
bubble_50	We stayed 2nd - 5th November 2015 and was very satisfied with the location and hotel. Very clean and modern room with nice big ensuite. 2 lifts and great view of the Empire State Building from our room. The hotel concierge were amazing and booked our tickets for a Broadway show, Empire State Building and a boat trip all at discounted prices and enabled us to skip the long queues. When we wanted a taxi they stepped into the road and flagged them down for us, very welcome touch and much appreciated. All staff from the cleaners to the manager were friendly and happy to help. Great stay and would return if I ever return to NYC
bubble_40	First thing you notice about this hotel is its location - very close to the subway, lots of eateries around and just a short stroll from the bright lights of time square and the towering heights of the Empire State Building.  Staff very extremely helpful at all times of the day (even 1am!!). The room was clean, tidy and pretty sound proof to the business downstairs. A simple free breakfast of toast, bagels and other assortment of pastries is provided for breakfast daily (Coffee is also include).   Only downside was that the wifi was not free.   Tip for anyone looking to book: try and request a room on the 7th floor or blow. There are elevators and only one goes past level 7. Both go to level 7 so to avoid prolonged waiting in the morning book on 7 or below.
bubble_50	Recently back from a 5 night stay in this small but lovely hotel.  We had a large room with a great view of the Empire State Building. (Outside Windows could do with a clean) but still a fantastic view.   Ideal base for sightseeing, walking distance to Empire State, Times Square. We also walked to the Rockefeller & Central Park.  The tube station is close by & we highly recommend the 911 Tribute friends & family tour.    All the staff were very helpful & pleasant.  Thank you for a lovely stay.
bubble_50	Just back from a week in New York.It was our 3rd time staying there. I'd only ever recommend this hotel to stay. The place looks great with the renovated rooms.  My only small gripe is that the rooms have blinds now on the windows so it lets in a little light still & noise,especially if you have a room on lower floors.
bubble_40	Just returned from a 3 night break at this hotel. Staff friendly, Anthony was a great help in advising on shows, transport, directions etc, great source. The rooms were spacious, comfortable beds, bathroom fine, clean towels,  hair dryer and  nice hot shower/bath.  My only complaint was noise it,  it seemed like we were sleeping with the window open, granted I am a light sleeper but the noise at times was ridiculous it seemed to go quiet at approx 4am! If I was to book this hotel again the first question would be if they have upgraded the sound proofing as you need your sleep and energy to explore NYC.
bubble_30	Great location for Times Square and Empire State Building.  Small but efficient. Clean and tidy. Great if you just want somewhere to lay your head after a busy day sight seeing. Staff were friendly and
bubble_50	My wife and we're in the city for night and as usual we stay at the Broadway Plaza.  The staff are always friendly and courteous.   Our rooms are always clean and always a very nice size.  The bell staff are helpful and extremely nice.  We have tried other hotels in the past and they can not compare to the Broadway.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 4 nights at the end of October.  Was really surprised at how big the room was! For New York it was palatial.  Bed was very comfortable.  Shower head could be improved and water was not always as hot as we would have liked.  Breakfast was great and we just took it back to our room on a tray.  Coffee was a god send when we came back to the hotel for a couple of hours before going out for the evening.  Reception staff and door men could not do enough for you and were very friendly.  Maid service was not great but always made the bed and left fresh towels so can't really complain.  Right near 28th Street subway for N & R trains and only a couple of blocks from the green line (4&5?).  Area seemed a bit dodgy but wouldn't put me off staying again.
bubble_40	Our first trip to NY and we were happy with the hotel.  The room was a brilliant size, a little disappointed as we were hoping for a room with a view for my boyfriends 30th birthday but no such luck!  The free breakfast was brilliant for being able to grab something quick before a day out. The area isn't big enough for sitting in, so best to bring the room tray and take it back. BUT, its free so don't complain!  Service at reception was good and nice to have a concierge on.
bubble_50	We have just returned from a 5 night stay here at this excelent hotel, I can honestly say this is one of the friendlest hotels I have ever stayed at, on arrival the reception entrance was down a modern hallway which was really nice, Our receptioist Monica was there to greet us, which was very welcoming, I had previously requested a Empire state view, Monic told me this had been done for us, there was 2 lifts leading to the bedrooms which was next to reception. We got to our room and was pleasantly suprised at ths space we had, there was 2 double beds, a safe, a large bathrokm with hairdryer and the lovely view of the Empire state. We asked a conceirge how far time square wss, he told us it was about a 10 min walk from the hotel, this was around 15 minutes by the time you stop at
bubble_40	Arrived on Saturday 24th October, the first long haul flight my wife and I had ever done,what a pleasant surprise our hotel was.To be honest it does not look much from the outside and reception is small but the staff were really friendly and attentive and our room was great. I think it would of benefited from having an extra chair in the room and there was certainly space for one. We stayed in room 504 and had an excellent view of the empire state building. Once we worked it out the breakfast regime worked for us, there was plenty to choose from and all fresh - Tip: get there for 7 am and you will be ok. From the research we have done there are very few hotels which even offer breakfast so this was a bonus. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom good with excellent shower. All
bubble_40	High score for location . Walking distance Penn Station ,Broadway ,Time Square many more. At the door of Flatiron district. Open food market not far ,cafes and restaurants walking distance. Chelsea markets good walk As is 9/11  Memorial. Hotel foyer very small and tight .Breakfast nook  yes nook offers 24/7 coffee and cold water. Basic breakfast snack offered. We had a suite for two ,which was very spacious but bathroom drab and basic. On reflection I would just purchase a basic room ,for the amount of time spent in one. Families would appreciated the space .But how much time is spent in rooms. Great hotel to access sight seeing areas.
bubble_30	Good spacious rooms with excellent beds, no breakfast room, except a breakfast on the go without a place to sit, no lobby, good location in the city. Good enough when you're out on the town all day, but less so when you want to have a quite brake @ your hotel. Hotel for sightseeyers, not so much for families or elderly.
bubble_30	We used visa miles for this hotel and were pleasantly surprised.  The checkin area was small but manageable.   Close to a nice outdoor food market (not sure if this is permanent) and to Eataly- an Italian deli /restaurants.   Nice comfortable king sized bed.   The breakfast is a bagel and juice.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for one week in October and found the hotel to be in an excellent location, very central to all of the cities attractions. The hotel is small in comparison to others in New York, however it more than makes up for this in service and the welcoming factor from all the staff. Check in area is very small and can get crowded very easily. This did not affect a very easy check in process and we were up to our rooms within 5-10 minutes. Our room in comparison to our friends was small although comfortable and with an excellent view of the Empire State Building. For us rooms are primarily just for sleeping as there is so much to see and do in New York. In the morning the hotel put on a basic but nice continental breakfast which sets you up for the day. They
bubble_50	Chic small hotel. Middle of NYC. Walked uptown-theater, Rockefeller Center, St Patrick's etc. Downtown-911 Memorial Battery Park, Ferry etc 5 rooms on each floor Large rooms Concierge was attentive and informative Breakfast spots within walking distance  Don't miss
bubble_40	Great position for getting to all main attractions. Grab a 7 day unlimited metro card for $30 and you can get anywhere. If you want to walk It's a few blocks to Macy's in one direction and a few blocks the other way to the Flat Iron district!  The hotel has all you need. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. They offer free coffee 24 hours a day and the breakfast is pastries and bagels which were fresh and great for a quick bite to eat..... They are available from 7am but there can be a bit of a queue, we would grab our coffee and a pastry and take it back to our room.  The head concierge, Anthony, is very helpful and will help you get tickets to shows & attractions. We saved $50 going to see Avenue Q. He has the whole list. One thing I wouldn't book with the hotel is a
bubble_40	This hotel has a very good location. It's close to downtown and has good acces via metro. There are two stations about one or two blocks away.  Tho, the hotel is tiny the room was huge! We stayed 4 adults and we didn't felt on top of each other.  The included breakfast is served on a tiny dinning room. But they have a variety of bagels to put some cream cheese or jelly on. They have coffee and juice.  The best thing was that prorated between the 4 of us the price came to be really reasonable.  Bad thing there's no free wifi.
bubble_50	Really enjoyed our stay in the Broadway Plaza. The room was nice and big, the bed comfy and everything was clean and in good order.  A USB and ipad/ipod charger were welcome, and a good hairdryer was provided.  We had a view of the Empire State building from our window too, and the hotel itself is close to the subway and within walking distance of Times Square / Madison Square Gardens.  Tea and coffee is available 24 hours, which was handy. And although we didn't take advantage of the free pastries, bagels and fruit, they all looked lovely.  If you arrive via Newark, head to Penn Station and it's only an easy ten minute walk from there - saving lots of money on a cab or transfer!  The concierge also helpfully arranged a private transfer back to the airport, as we were leaving
bubble_50	Family of 4 stayed here for 5 nights. Room was big and had 2 comfortable beds. TV with the channels needed (for the few minutes we actually spent in the room...) Comfortable, soft beds.  View to Empire state building.  Had vending and ice machine on 7th floor, and a small breakfast room at 4th. The breakfast had a small selection of bagels, doughnuts, muffins and sweets, jam and cheese spread. Only a few seats in the breakfast room, but you can bring to your room if needed.  Great location at Broadway, with only a short walk to underground station Did not try the WIFI, as the price was around USD 10/day
bubble_50	Really pleased with everything about this hotel.  This was my 5th trip to NYC and I would definitely stay here again as so centrally located right next to 28th Street subway station.  Extremely friendly and helpful staff, nothing was too much trouble. Room size was fine with everything we needed, great view of Empire State.  Breakfast was perfectly fine, any donut variety you fancied and great bagels with fresh cream cheese, jam etc.  Round the clock Starbucks coffee and tea available, great to come back to after a long day shopping!  Didn't use wifi as $10.95 per day, but that's for 2 devices. All in all, a really fab hotel, very reasonably priced.  My only gripe (which is not hotel's fault) is due to being smack bang on Broadway, it's very noisy at all hours, so maybe consider
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights and the hotel was perfect for what needed. It is situated in a great location in the middle of Manhattan with a subway stop one block north. We had a room on the 10th floor, which had a great view of the Empire State Building. The room was a good size with a comfy bed and a good size bathroom. The concierges were great in offering advice on places to go and how best to get there. They even booked a table for us at a restaurant prior to our arrival.   I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	The room was great with all the comforts; You get a great view of the empire state building. Free continental breakfast which was good ; Only mins away from a subway station. The staff is friendly too.
bubble_50	Having never visited New York I done a lot of research on hotels and shopped around for a good deal. I can across the Broadway plaza and read all the reviews good and bad. I can only say I do not understand the bad reviews. I booked direct with the hotels on website and this meant I paid all taxes direct and by using a UK credit card I had to fax a copy of the card 30 days before my planed stay. I had a few issues with this but called the hotel and they were fantastic given me many options. Upon arrival at the hotel we were helped with all our cases and shown to our room which was on the 5th floor and like many others have said we had a great view of the Empire State Building. I can only say I don't understand the complaints re the size of the rooms it is New York after all. We
bubble_50	Great 6 night stay at this hotel. Small reception area staffed by friendly and welcoming staff. Our room on the 5th floor was roomy and comfortable with all the usual amenities. No complaints other than the fact they are still charging 10 dollars a day for Wi-Fi. The location of this hotel is in the Flat Iron building area. Times Square, Empire State building and Central Park all within walking distance. We are keen walkers and also walked the High Line walkway, which again is well worth walking for the sights along the way. There is no restaurant in the hotel but many eating places nearby. Would recommend the open air street food at Madison Square Park. Very reasonable and delicious food.
bubble_40	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel, the rooms are big and it's in a very good location, just a few blocks down from the Empire State Building and Macy's, and a ten minute walk from Times Square. The staff were excellent, very helpful and one even used an iPad to locate a few shops for us. The breakfast room was ok, very small and cramped but you could take the breakfast up to your room which we did each morning. Only served pastries, bagels and doughnuts though, would have been nice to have a bowl of cereal and not 600 sugary calories to start the day. You had to pay $10 a day for Wifi too which really bugged me, I think this day in age free Wifi should be provided. It was my fourth time in New York and this is the first hotel to charge for Wifi. Apart from that I would
bubble_50	In December 2014 my boyfriend & I visited New York for the first time ever.. We had no idea what to expect & I had emailed the hotel I couple of times prior to visiting - they were very helpful with their responses. We arrived & it looked exactly as the pictures showed, the staff on the desk were extremely friendly and the concierge was really helpful the whole time we were there. Not too bothered about wifi as I was being charged a daily rate from my phone provider, so we used my hotspot anyway. Breakfast was really enjoyed, most of the time we took this back to our room due to space in the dining area.. But to be fair, it complementary so there's no way I'd complain about that! Also, when we first arrived, they knew we weren't local & mentioned that they were going to put us
bubble_50	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Broadway Plaza and it was exactly what we needed. Hotel is in a great location for getting around the City. We walked everywhere during our trip, rather than taking the subway just because we wanted to see as much as possible and the hotel was a great base to do it. Times Square is about 15 minutes away and the financial district is about a 25 minute walk to the south of the Island.  We had a superior room as we were celebrating a birthday. Located on the 4th floor with a view of the Empire State building from our window. Rooms was very spacious and the bed really comfortable. Only had 2 small issues with our room - one issue with blinds and the other with the air con unit. We reported these at reception and they were fixed within half an
bubble_30	I booked this hotel because of it's location. The room and bathroom were clean and tidy,all staff we met were polite and efficient.Our room was located on the forth floor next to the small room where pastries/juice and coffee are situated (very convenient - my wife must have coffee before she moves first thing in the morning!).The only criticism I have about the room would be to upgrade to triple glazing,we could hear the rumble and noise of the subway that was below the sidewalk and road, and that was four floors up!!! Every where we went be it Macy's, Michaels, bars, restaurants the smallest cafe or deli they all had free wi-fi. So how can this hotel justify $10 per day to connect to wi-fi??Would rate this as a two star, not three star.
bubble_40	Don't be put off by what you see from the outside. You enter the hotel via a corridor into a rather dark reception. We found the staff polite and helpful when asked about anything. We had room 1201 with a fantastic view of the Empire staee building. The room was clean with a safe and fridge. The room was cleaned well each day. We didn't bother about the breakfast. The first morning the small room was full with people waiting outside. We preferred to go out for a proper NY breakfast not sugary buns. The 24 hr free Starbucks coffee was good from the machine. Not the cheapest place but worth the money. I would suggest that 10 dollars per day for wifi is out off date this day and age it should be free.
bubble_40	Been to NYC a few times but first time at this hotel. A good location, friendly staff and big comfortable room. Room service uses a nearby Cafe 128 and we used it one night. Lovely burgers, in fact massive burgers. Great value.  Didn't use the breakfast room as we enjoyed visiting Cafe 128 for massive choice. Concierges helpful and Anthony gave us a discount voucher for Top of the Rock. Why not 5 out of 5 rating? The $10 a day wifi charge. This should not be done nowadays.
bubble_40	The room is big, which is very rare in Manhattan. The location is very central so you can go to a lot of places by walking or just taking a cab or the subway. The room was very clean and staff was nice. Breakfast is ok, nothing much but they have coffee, bagels and donuts everyday.  The only thing missing is free wifi. I had a really nice stay there
bubble_50	Visited this hotel several times. Upon first visit I wondered if if was right location no need to worry it was. Staff friendly and nothing too much have great knowledge of transport restaurants etc. courtesy continental breakfast added bonus. Far enough away from hussel of shopping great for transport links n uptown NY n Macy's etc
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel for five nights in September. It was our first visit to New York and found the hotel to be in a great central location and within walking distance to most of the key tourist points such as Times Square (15/20 mins) and Central Park (30 mins). There are a couple of subway stations close by too.   Our room was on the tenth floor and was spacious, had good facilities, very clean and comfortable and had an amazing view looking out at the Empire State Building. The fourth floor canteen was useful and the breakfast pastries were fresh and good for a quick bite to eat before starting the day exploring the city.   The staff were friendly and helpful booking our Broadway tickets for 'Finding Neverland' and arranging our airport transfer ($67) that turned out to be
bubble_20	Just got back from NYC..first & last time that I will ever stay here! Check in staff was not very friendly.. I asked where to park my car and it was almost an imposition for me to be asking.  The room was nice, but no coffee pot in it.  You had to go to the fourth floor for coffee & their continental breakfast..the room had 4 tables, very tiny & extremely hot.  Couldn't really move around in it with 10 other people in there.  We stayed 3 days & they were suppose to pay for parking.. Right! Only one day of parking..got ripped off! Also, they have smoking rooms here & they can not guarantee you get one when you make the reservation either.  You have to pay for Wi-fi..it's not free!! There are much better places to stay in NYC..that have more amenities to offer. This place was a
bubble_40	We visited the hotel back in February for a 3 night stay and if you are looking for a spacious room (in NYC terms) it is a great value! There are plenty of good restaurants close by and subway is close too. Even if you are not into subway you can go anywhere with the cab within like 10 minutes or so.
bubble_50	I was a bit nervous booking this hotel because of the affordable price compared to other area hotels but decided to take a risk. The risk paid off! This hotel was in perfect location of The Flatiron Building, Empire State Building, Madison Square Park, Shake Shack, Chelsea Flea Market, 5th Avenue shopping, Eataly, Subway station, Citi Bike rentals, Madison Square food market and more. We felt very safe, welcomed, and cared for. Our room was very clean, average size, comfortable and tastefully decorated. Our room looked brand new. Best part was the concierge who held our bags for us before check in and after we checked out. This was a really big deal! We will stay again!
bubble_40	Great location, clean modern hotel, great staff, could do  with 2 lifts past 7th floor and tea/coffee making facilities in rooms but overall great. Only continental breakfast on 4 TH floor with coffee and tea plus soft drinks and vending machine on 7th floor.  Rooms clean tidy, comfy beds, good sized bathrooms. Couldn't fault for the price we paid. Use Uber(download app) or taxi service or pre book shuttle service from Newark airport as taxi nearly 100 with tolls to hotel and taxi driver was a grumpy sod.
bubble_50	Rooms were very spacious and the hotel was in a perfect location to explore New york city as it is nearly ten minutes walk from Times square which is a main part of New York. There was a selection of items for breakfast which included free unlimited drinks such as coffee, tea, water selection of juices etc. The breakfast wasn't the best but it could have changed since i have visited the hotel. You had to pay for WiFi which possibly put the hotel down a bit but there are many restaurants around the hotel which have free WiFi including Starbucks not even a minutes walk away from the hotel. All of the staff are happy to help you and are extremely friendly.
bubble_50	Super location to explore New York. Very close to subway stations. Very close to Empire state building and Fifth Avenue, shops (Maceys  etc)Our room was a very good sized well equipped room. Two large sized double beds,very comfortable. The breakfast bar area was very small but the hotel room had a dining table and tray provided so ideal was to collect your breakfast and take it back to your room. Tea ,coffees ,water, juice were available all the time. We discovered a roof top bar in the next block 230 Fifth Avenue, which was fantastic for cocktails and the views. A hidden treasure not to be missed.
bubble_40	Needed a place to get away to rest and do some work.  Wasn't looking good for a while because 1) you had to pay for wifi ($10.83 a day!!!) and then when I got to my room, they were doing construction...in fact, my door was open and there were tools and a ladder in my room!  The whole 5th floor had equipment, so I went to complain and thought to myself, okay give them a thumbs down on the tripadvisor site.  But then they upgraded me to a bigger and better room and was very, very happy.  Okay, I had to pay for wifi, at least it was fast.  Close to subway and to the cool Flatiron area on 23rd.
bubble_40	We stayed in a twin double room which was clean and tidy, in a great location for exploring Manhattan, about 15 minute walk from time square. The hotel had a continental breakfast of coffee, juice and bagels available in the mornings.The concierge was fantastic, his advice on what to do and where to eat really improved our time in New York city.
bubble_40	Had a great four night stay at the Broadway Plaza. It's in a great location, the rooms are clean and the breakfasts are fine as long as you don't mind eating in your room ( which we didn't ). Anthony was particularly helpful with good advice on how best to get around the city. I just can't understand why, in this day and age the wi-if is not free! It was free in every bar and restaurant we went into so why not at the Broadway Plaza?
bubble_50	We visited this hotel while visiting New York for a conference.  Firstly, it was excellent value for money, considering its location on Broadway.  It is less than five minutes walk to Macy's and two minutes to the Flat Iron building.  The view of the Empire State Building from our room was great.  The rooms are huge and comfortably decorated.  We received free wi fire the duration of our stay as we had booked directly with the hotel.  Breakfast is good but the dining area is tiny.  Most people just grab breakfast and bring it back to their rooms.  Overall, this is a great hotel and we will definitely be returning.
bubble_10	I arrived at the hotel (which looked NOTHING like the picture above - it was very very tatty) with my husband and 2 kids after an early start to be told that our room was cancelled due to overbooking (note that i booked in March and it is now August! so i was hardly last minute). We were told that they had booked us into the Holiday Inn around the corner. I was assured that i had the same type of room - Superior, 2 Queen beds with breakfast for the same price. When we arrived at the Holiday Inn we were told that intact we had a smaller room, with smaller beds and no breakfast. I asked to speak to the General Manager of the Plaza Hotel who rather than being apologetic, said that breakfast had been complimentary in my original booking so it wasn't being provided and that he was
bubble_50	From entrance this hotel looks basic. But given location and quality of room and service I can recommend it for any trip to NYC. Our room in 12th floor had us gazing at Empire State Building from our bed. Excellent choice. Breakfast was basic but fresh and filling.
bubble_40	We were looking for a hotel close to FIT since we were going to visit the college.  We are glad we found the Broadway Plaza.  We thought it was a good bargain for staying in NYC and very nicely located to the Flatiron and Chelsea Districts.  The rooms were comfortable and clean.  We were right on the 4th floor where the coffee and continental breakfast was served.  It was busy but we didn't hear any of the commotion even though it was right outside our door.  The hotel is very small and there aren't a lot of amenities but I don't think that is necessary.  They have a nice room service menu even though they don't have a restaurant on site although we liked going out and exploring the city so we never considered eating in.  The staff was very courteous and efficient.  We would
bubble_50	I stay for business and is in a great location a few minutes from times square. The staff are very nice they take care of the merchandise I buy in a safe place, the room is very clean and comfortable. Good price. Security 24 hrs. Yes I'll stay again.
bubble_50	We stayed in the broadway plaza for a 5 day trip in december, the hotel is quite small but well kept, we were on the 10th floor with an amazing view of the empire state building, the hotel is perfect location being a 5minute walk from times square, making 5th avenue, maddison square gardens, central park, rockerfeller and the empire state all in small walking distance the hotel staff are polite and friendly and are all willing to help with any questions we had ! Over all we had a amazing time and would definitely recomend or stay here again !
bubble_40	First off,  hotel is centrally located and only one block  from N & R subway lines -- couldn't ask for better. Rooms are very nice; add to that a complementary continental breakfast and courteous & customer focused wait staff -- great value
bubble_40	The hotel is very very clean, maids are doing great job! Great location and nice sized rooms. We stayed here twice already each time for a week. The breakfast is not great but it pretty standard for NYC .   My advice not to book direct even though that is the only way to get free wifi. When I booked through booking.com I got what I had reserved. When I booked direct I got queen size instead king even though we booked 8 months in advance. They told me something how three months ago things changed and now they do not guarantee king size beds bla-bla-bla. Nobody had let me know about it. So book through booking.com where you can leave a review or something like that. I will come back but will not book direct.
bubble_40	Location is very central in mid-Manhattan. We had a superior room with king bed. Mattress was excellent. We slept like a baby.  Breakfast is 'light continental' i.e. Bagels and muffins. Come early Extra charge of $10 for the Wifi is not appropriate.
bubble_50	The Broadway plaza was our home for 5 nights whilst I enjoyed celebrating my 30th birthday with my wife and our best friends!! We stayed 25/10/14 departing 30/10/14 this hotel is in an ideal location thou the block the hotel is on looks dodgy please don't let it put you off its fine we felt safe both during the day but most importantly at night there's some good shops surrounding the hotel cheap perfume/aftershave for a fraction of what you'd pay over here!!! The hotel rooms are fantastic be sure to email reservations and ask for a room with a view of the Empire State 1 word WOW!!!! The hotel is spotless comfy beds just what you need after a long day walking round the big apple!! Breakfast consists of pastries and muffins and bagels and bottomless coffee STARBUCKS!! All in all
bubble_50	This is our go-to hotel in Manhattan. Our daughter is a student at the New School, so we end up in the city several times a year, and the Broadway Plaza has by far the best combination of quality, price, and location we have found for our needs. The rooms are very spacious, huge by NYC standards, immaculately clean, and freshly furnished. The free breakfasts are minimal, but the coffee is good. Wireless connections have been very good in every room we have had. The front desk staff is courteous, relaxed, and eager to help. The entry and lobby are tiny but neat. The location is very close the Madison Square park, home of Shake Shack and Eataly. It seems to be very popular, as we now have to book a couple of months in advance to get a room there.
bubble_30	The hotel is nothing special, however the staff are really friendly and helpful. The hotel is simply a base in which to enjoy your NYC holiday. The hotel is in walking distance of some great areas on New York, and it's very safe. There was a cool little food market on at the end of the street one night.  Our hotel room smelled of cigarettes which wasn't great, but after cracking open the windows, this soon dissipated. The room was fairly quiet on an evening, but the noise from the street could be heard early morning.  A decent hotel to camp out whilst in NYC.
bubble_40	We were looking for a hotel that was located close to the "action" without being in Times Square. Broadway Plaza was great! Our room was larger than others I've stayed in while in NYC. We did not take advantage of the free continental breakfast as we were wanting to take advantage of NYC food. Shake Shack is a 3 minute walk! The Flatiron district has lots of fun restaurants and shops and we were within a 15 walk to Union Square. The doormen and concierge (Anthony) were unfailingly friendly and helpful. We do wish the wifi wasn't an additional $10/day - that's what kept me from giving it top scores. But - We'll be back!
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel in early June 2015 and the hotel is fabulous. The location is perfect and is only around 20min walk to Times Square and about 10 mins to herald square. Theres a continental breakfast on floor 4 like bagels, muffins and fruit. There's fruit juice out of a machine and the "24hour Starbucks" is a self serve style machine so it's black or white coffee or tea only. There were five of us so we had one room of three and one room of two. Both rooms were spacious and beautifully put together, the bathroom in our room was a little tired in style but still functional. Our room had a stunning view of the Empire State Building, we were room 1104 and I would say the higher the floor the better. Our friends had room 606 and they still had a view of the empire but ours
bubble_50	Booked two rooms at this Hotel for a bachelor party in NYC.  I rented two double queen bed suites with a queen pullout for 8 guys.  The rooms were large (for NYC) and very nice and clean.  The continental breakfast was the norm (I really just needed the coffee) the next day.  Check in and out was a breeze.  I have nothing negative to say about our one night stay.
bubble_40	The rating for this hotel would be GOOD, not very good and it is better than average, which is the other one I could use.  This hotel is well located in the Flatiron district and very walkable to all the major attractions and if you don't like walking the subway. It is unusual in that there is no central meeting areas eg. lobby or bar area. However, Starbucks over the road became our Central Perk! (Free Wifi there as well) The bedrooms were spacious, the beds big and very comfortable, good quality bedding and towels and powerful shower. Drawbacks - You have to pay for Wifi - which in 2015, it outrageous! No central area to congregate or wait. We had issues with the concierges calling us cabs (we were a group of 5, so more tricky)  Anthony the Head Concierge was excellent and
bubble_40	Rooms are clean and staff are very polite. Had to pay over $10 a day for wifi which was a bit excessive. Great location, it's beside the subway so it's only a couple of stops to go and see the world trade centre and it's only walking distance from Times Square.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week in Mid June with my girlfriend.  Location wise it's all you could ask for in Midtown/Flatiron District, in fact the Flatiron Building is less than 5 minutes away, and Empire State Building around 10 mins. Add to the fact there are numerous bars, restaurants, cafes and Delis all within walking distance and makes the argument for the perfect location even stronger. The Hotel itself is good, rooms typical New York and on smaller size but were more than adequate for two of us. The bathroom was decent size and shower as good as back home.  The breakfast is continental and served in a room which resembles a works canteen. We never ate breakfast there as was quite cramped and very busy. We did however take advantage of the 24/7 of free coffee. The staff are very
bubble_50	Visited for a week in June. Hotel is brilliant the staff are brilliant rooms are huge, beautiful and clean very comfy beds and breakfast sets you up for the day. Anthony is lovely very good at his job and helps us with all our trips and gave us lots of tips. All other staff are excellent and very nice and polite. Hotel is in an excellent location very close to flat iron, Empire State and five minutes from Times Square. Subways are also very close by. Will def be returning to this hotel when we return to NYC and cannot recommend this hotel enough. Had a brilliant holiday and a fantastic stay at this hotel
bubble_50	This hotel is far greater than you may imagine. We booked on the basis that it was in a fairly central location near some top landmarks and had some positive reviews!   Room was clean, beds were comfy and bathroom was perfect. Upon check-in we were offered a room with a view of the Empire State Building which we accepted of course!  Only negative was the breakfast, this was included in our stay but was in a small kitchen area on the 4th floor which only had seating for max 15 people. You could tell the pastry foods had been put out earlier on and it wasn't very fresh. Plenty of places within a five minute walk to pick up a sufficient breakfast.  All staff were friendly and knowledgeable and the concierge team were welcoming and helpful. I would highly recommend this to families
bubble_50	Great location. We got a last-minute deal for 1-night, Junior Suite. Room was very big. Check in staff was nice. Room was clean, beds were comfortable. Liked the toiletries. Skipped the breakfast, seemed like a default bread, jam, coffee, apple, etc.
bubble_40	We picked here because of its proximity to the Empire State Building and also because we had been informed the room sizes were fantastic. Travelling with two small children we weren't sure how long we would be in the room, but didn't want it to be a shoe box if we were in there more than anticipated.  The breakfast is basic but we had more than enough each morning. We normally ate in the room as the breakfast room is small. We ate in the pizza joint downstairs a few nights and the pizzas were lovely.  If the hotel wasn't so close to the Empire State building I don't think we'd have stayed here as the location wasn't as nice as when we stayed by Times Square last year but who can't help but be happy with looking at the Empire State Building every morning and evening.   Staff were
bubble_50	The hotel is excellent value for money. The location is great - a few hundred yards from Starbucks and the Flat Iron Building, has subways nearby either direction, about 15 minutes walk from Macy's and a further 5 minutes from Times Square.   The location is great because you can easily travel to all the top tourist destinations.  The hotel room was very roomy, and very clean - As was the whole hotel. The downside was the bathroom was slightly dated but still was MORE than adequate. But that's being really picky and trying to give a balanced view. You have to pay for wi-fi too [around $10 a day for 2 devices] so factor that price in.  Comes with breakfast of pastries and bagels, apples, oranges, tea, coffee and orange juice. The breakfast room is quite small so you'll more than
bubble_50	I visited this so long ago but man it was so nice. There are bell boys that carry your stuff for you, there is unlimited coffee and breakfast provided. There are chatty staff and the rooms are huge and lovely! Would absolutely recommend and j would love to visit again. Also such a good location, walking distance from loads of cool landmarks
bubble_40	We had a really big room. Staff were friendly and helpful. Public areas small but that's fine there. Included breakfast that was a bit basic and wifi expensive.  Free continuous tea & coffee. Recommended
bubble_40	Based on Broadway, easy access to all sights. Bed & Breakfast, easy reach of Caf 28, & other restaurants, Staff & Concierge Anthony very obliging & helpful , made our visit very welcoming & pleasant, clean & spacious rooms, good view of the Empire State Building from our room on the Ninth Floor.
bubble_50	It was our first visit to NYC and we had an absolutely amazing time. The Broadway Plaza was a beautiful hotel, perfectly situated, only a short walk to anywhere and the subway was just at the end of the road. We were in room 1004, it was on the 10th floor and a perfect view of The ESB, we lay in bed eating our free breakfast of bagels, coffee and muffins, looking at the awesome view. Be sure to take the tray out of your room, when going to get your breakfast, it's so much easier to carry your food. The room was big, and was cleaned everyday. Loads of lovely towels. The hotel staff were great, a special mention to Anthony - Concierge, he booked tickets for us to see Mamma Mia, we got fab seats and a real good price, thankyou very much.  When we return to NY we will be sure to
bubble_50	After checking out, I chatted with the housekeeper in the lobby's ladies room.   I went to work in an office above the hotel and was at its reception's desk.   The same housekeeper, Carmin Lopez, walked up to me!  I'd left my cell phone in the ladies room. Carmen had found it, recognized my face on my business cards & asked other hotel employees if they had seen me moments before.   One person suggested the company I work for - and Carmen came & found me!   This was an astonishing result of an outstanding employee going the extra million miles.   Everyone was wonderful. Carmen was exceptional.   Reesa Woolf
bubble_40	We stayed here on our first trip to NY. 5th floor and with a view of the Empire State Bldg. The staff were great. From the front desk to the Concierge. The location was fantastic! Just a couple of blocks away from Times Square and only a block away from the Flat Iron Bldg and the Empire State Bldg. The Metro was very easy to get to and everything was just right outside our door. We would definitely stay here again. The only complaint I had would be that our room smelled like smoke the whole time we were there. We got used to it after being in the room for a little while but being non-smokers we can always tell and no free Wifi. Otherwise our stay was great and they had coffee and a continental breakfast in the mornings that was nice to have. We would stay here again and
bubble_50	It was a fabulous stay here. this is a 3 star hotel, but i feel it should be a 4+star for staff and room. it was a really large room in level 4. very clean and shinny .
bubble_50	Stayed in the Broadway plaza hotel in New York. Was a great hotel central to get everywhere, Anthony the concierge  was great he booked a show for us and arranged our pick up from hotel for when we were due to leave. He was so attentive to our needs. Would deffinitely stay there again. Room was clean, had a view of the  Empire State building which was a bonus..
bubble_50	Having stayed here over Easter 2014,we didn't hesitate to book to stay here again this Easter. Again we weren't disappointed. The rooms although a little dated are huge. So much space. The door staff & reception staff are so friendly,welcoming us back. I'd not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  Although it only has a small entrance,this is certainly a case of don't judge a book by its cover!
bubble_40	My partner and I have just returned from a week long trip to New York with this hotel being our choice for accommodation, and boy did it do well! The entrance to the hotel is literally a small doorway off the sidewalk which can lead to you feeling a little concerned at first but it soon opens up to the reception area at the back. The hotel is made up of 12 floors with about four rooms on each floor and two elevators accommodating them. We were a bit cheeky and emailed ahead before arriving in New York requesting a room with a view of the Empire State Building but were told (as expected) that these were the most popular rooms and that if was done on a first come first serve basis to keep it fair and that we should ask upon checking in. We were given in room 1202 and the view was
bubble_50	The room was extremely spacious as was the bathroom.  The beds were extremely comfortable.  We were on the 12th floor with a perfect view of the Empire State Building.  From the time of arrival until after we checked out the customer service was outstanding.  The front desk was so helpful and the doorman even hailed a cab for us and loaded all our luggage.  This is our 3rd trip to the city and this is the best hotel yet.  The hotel was so convenient to all the activities we wanted to do during our stay. Thank you Broadway Plaza Hotel staff for your outstanding customer service and making our stay so pleasant.  You will be our destination next time we travel to the city!
bubble_50	The staff were very helpful could not do enough for you . The concierge Antonio very helpful for booking trips taxis whatever!! bit of advice book through him . The manager Mr Scott Walker was very helpful on a few issues , I had my daughter and granddaughter who were disabled with 9 others very well looked after . The two were in wheelchairs not easy to get about in New York for disabled drop paths in bad need of repair and taxis may stop for one wheelchair but we had no chance with two lol . The rooms at hotel very good size there are no roll in showers . 24 hour tea and coffee and grab breakfast great if you get there early enough we all had a fantastic time excellent location excellent staff
bubble_50	I can understand why most of the reviewers only gave this place 4 stars. After all, it is not exactly a full service hotel. But what it does do, it does perfectly. The size of our room was so palatial that it got me in trouble with my daughter. I had warned her about packing light because New York City hotel rooms are notoriously small. When we entered the room, she pointed out to me that I had exaggerated the size of the room, because it was downright huge. Turns out, the manager let us know that it was the largest room in the place. But we would have been happy with much smaller. We had a view of the Empire State Building! It was spotless, beautifully appointed and the location was wonderful. Can't beat the price, either. Ok, the bellman lied to us about the Staten Island
bubble_50	Stayed here December 14 with my family for my mums 50th birthday had a great experience. Hotel was very clean, nice and warm as it was freezing outside. Had amazing views of the Empire State building. Free breakfast in the morning wich is ideal before sightseeing etc. staff here were fabulous and couldn't do enough to help you. Great location would recommend this hotel we had a lovely stay here.
bubble_50	Took my daughter to NYC as a surprise for her 16th birthday...chose this hotel based on location and reviews.  I was NOT disappointed! Anthony, the concierge, was so helpful and kind. I had interactions with several people at the front desk as well and they were just as helpful and accommodating!  We had a lovely room on the 10th floor with a superb view of the Empire State Building.  The only thing I would do differently would be to use Anthony and his incredible connections more and def get tickets for shows through him. I should have contacted him PRIOR to our arrival to get transportation and tickets arranged but I wasn't fully aware of his immense connections and capability until I got there.  I will def stay there again...the room was lovely, no temp issues, clean and
bubble_50	I've just come back from a wonderful 4 night's stay at the Broadway Plaza with my Mum and sister. We had a lovely big room on the 3rd floor and could see the top of the Empire State Building. The room was clean, very spacious and the beds really comfy!  Staff were friendly and welcoming, especially the concierge, Anthony. We were able to book a helicopter flight with him and he sorted out our return airport transfers for us. A great plus to this hotel is that they provide breakfast with fruit juice and an unlimited supply of tea and coffee.  We would go up to the 4th floor in the mornings with a tray from the room and select a tasty selection of donuts, pastries, bagels and muffins which would set us up for the day. The hotel is within easy access to the subway for uptown or
bubble_50	This was my 2nd trip to New York this time for my daughter's 21st, requested a room with a view and that's what we got, brilliant view of the Empire State Building.   Room was large, clean and nicely furnished, bathroom was great.   Anthony the Concierge was fantastically helpful with tips and booking water taxi to see statue of liberty, horse and carriage ride around central park and also arranged our return transport to JFK.  All the staff were helpful.  We took breakfast in our room as it was easier, pastries and coffee not a bad start to the day!  Location of hotel is great, everything is within walking distance which is the best way to see New York and felt very safe walking back and for to the hotel at night time.   You might pass the hotel on the street as it's just a
bubble_50	Just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel and wow what a stay this was, we found the accommodation more than lived up to what we wanted, we had 3 adults staying in room 1004 and there was plenty of space, the room was clean and tidy with a brillant view overlooking the empire state building.  Yes the breakfast room was small but use the tray and take breakfast back to your room like we did. We found this hotel central to our needs and the staff warm and very friendly. We made good use of the concierge Anthony and nothing was to much trouble for him, we found him warm and friendly and he always welcomed feed back, from  our trips he had arranged. Only 2 small  negatives , dont get caught out when u get to the airport, guys will approach you when you arrive and charge you
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of March. We had booked a room for 4 people with two Queen beds - the room was huge and we were lucky to have a great view of the Empire State. The bedroom and bathroom were very clean and the beds were comfortable.   Breakfast was slightly disappointing as there was not much choice and the room was so small there was only room for about 4 tables. However, the pastry's were lovely.   The location of the hotel was good and close to the subway station so getting around New York was very easy.   The staff were very friendly and concierge particularly helpful - especially Miguel and Anthony.  Overall a good stay and great find in New York.
bubble_50	The room was much larger and nicer than expected. The service was excellent....the staff very friendly and helpful! they take care of you! Anthony arranged our theatre tickets, gave us eating suggestions,  made transportation for us back to airport, etc. ...they get an A+ from my 3 girlfriends and I!
bubble_30	Just returned, we stayed here 1st to 6th March 2015, Great Location, staff very friendly made us feel very welcome, on arrival we got a upgrade to a empire state view 10th floor, the room had great views but a little to small, very little storage space, could do with and make over throughout, kitchenette could be bigger. the concierge Anthony is so helpful and gave us great advice.
bubble_50	Stayed here in February 2015.  My 11th time in New York, stayed here with friends for the first time.  Very clean and spacious rooms for Manhattan standards, Empire State Building view, great location and very friendly staff!  The only thing I can say is that they charge 10 somewhat $ for wifi...this should come free nowadays...   Great hotel...don't tell anyone else! ;)
bubble_40	I stayed in this hotel December 2014 for New Year's week. I visited New York with my boyfriend and my parents for my 21st birthday and we had a fantastic time. Although the city itself was super busy, we managed to fit everything in within our time in New York.  The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly. We had a beautiful room (my mum had asked for my room to have a view of the Empire State - perfect!). Brilliant location for most things - far away from Central Park etc. but the metro is fab.   The only qualm about the hotel was breakfast - the breakfast room was tiny and got very busy very quickly. There was never anywhere to sit so we either brought it back to our rooms or ate on the go.   Overall we had a fantastic visit and the hotel was great for us.
bubble_40	Stayed in this hotel last August for a birthday weekend. The staff were great, especially the doorman Antonio. He helped us with so much, like booking a seat to see Mamma Mia and how to go about buying tickets for the main attractions!   Our room was fantastic, it looked out at the Empire State Building and was very clean. The bathroom was nice and spacious and the towels were cleaned everyday.   The breakfast room was very small but we weren't too bothered as we wanted to eat out every morning anyway.  Overall a great hotel and would definitely recommend it!
bubble_40	Stayed here for a week beginning of the month with my boyfriend. We had a fantastic holiday overall!!! The hotel was nice but was a good 20 minute walk into the main bit of Times Square. The breakfast was very disappointing as it was served in a tiny room we never even attempted it!! The vending machines were useful for drinks but the 2 items of food we had from them were out of date!!! The best part about the hotel was the doormen... All of them extremely friendly, attentive, and helpful they knew exactly where to direct us!!! I can't say I'd stay here again if I returned to New York but I'd recommend it if you're on a budget.
bubble_30	Lovely staff clean rooms very small lobby breakfast just cakes and bagels coffee must say one thing staff outstanding always so helpful and friendly and would do anything to help you trip to c Jersey boys was outstanding
bubble_30	My friend recommended the hotel as we had a short shopping weekend in October, and she had previously stayed there.  Its a satisfactory base and as two females, we were able to secure a twin bedded room (Superior category)  the room was L-shaped so one bed was in one corner and the second in another corner and quite sizeable.  We didnt therefore feeling like we were on top of one another and the room was is well appointed for a 3 star facility, however the bathroom is a little small and pokey - ours only had a shower with no bath.  The latter was not a problem given the limited amount of time we stayed there.  A free continental breakfast is available each morning, however the offering is not particularly welcoming, nor appetizing.   The coffee is of a low standard, the fruit
bubble_40	Just a doorway - no grand entrance, but the fact is it opens up to several floors. Very clean. Hot drinks available 24 hrs at no extra charge. Continental breakfast - croissants, bagels with cream cheese, preserves & toaster. Fresh coffe or tea. What more do you want?? Then out of the door ......too much to see & do. A pity it's a bit too far to walk to the main attractions & sights. Therefore taxis needed every time.
bubble_30	I booked the Broadway Plaza for a business trip this month. I agree with a previous reviewer-the pictures on Hotels.com did not accurately portray this hotel. This hotel is clearly a former office building converted. No real lobby, just 2 elevators for 13 floors. It was very quiet which was nice, but the room was super outdated and the linens old. I think this place could use a redesign.  Staff was very nice, but I'd give it a 3 out of 5. Not as comfortable as I would have hoped.
bubble_50	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here from 4th December 2014 for a week,what can i say ? ideal location,hotel spotlessly clean, well equipped,comfortable and quiet. It was our first time in New York and it was amazing what a city,and the Broadway plaza made us feel right at home!I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone,for them to have a wonderful stay in such an amazing city!!
bubble_40	The situation of this hotel makes you not think much to it at all. Your first impressions are probably wrong. I couldn't say anything negative about the staff, everyone from the receptionist to the cleaners were very polite and helpful. Especially the door attendant who helped us various times to plan our days and get the best deals. Couldn't of asked for a more friendly and helpful attendant! We couldn't thank him enough except leave a tip. We had no issues with cleanliness, as the cleaner came in everyday and changed the bedding and towels etc. It was clean at first inspection. Luckily we were given a lovely room with views of the Empire State Building without asking and managed to get some beautiful pictures. The only negatives are that complimentary drinks were stopped after
bubble_50	This hotel was very central to Times Square a 7 minute walk the rooms were clean and comfortable the bath however was a little low the men on the door at the hotel were so friendly and couldn't do enough for you getting you taxis telling you where to go and what to do opening the door for you over all this hotel was ideal for out trip as we were out most of the time but it was comfortable and clean and very central I would defiantly stay here again next time I'm in NYC
bubble_50	I found the hotel late on hotels.com for 90$! I was a little skeptical, but reviews held it up. I was so impressed with the large room. It was comfortable and perfect for my travel needs. The front desk was very compassionate and willing to help. It's not a large hotel, but if you can find a room for that price, score. Would go back in a heart beat. Very modern look.
bubble_30	I booked this hotel on hotels.com and to be honest, it was completely different to how it was portrayed online. The rooms are not at all like they are online, so please do not book for that reason. The hotel itself is easy to find and not too far from a metro stop. The room was very dated and our heating didn't work and there a massive draft from the single paned windows. This wouldn't of been bad in the summer, but in Jan 2015 and its -15 degrees outside, it wasn't good. The wifi was $10 a day, which is a lot for New York, wifi is basically everywhere, so was surprised. The noise was very loud from outside and to be honest, I was just very disappointed as New York has always been an amazing experience for us. So, my advice is, get out and explore, literally only use this hotel
bubble_50	Spent a lovely 4 day break at the broadway plaza, central to everything we walked everywhere as we didn't want to miss any sites. Pizza place next door was lovely. Breakfast was fresh and really not that busy on the days we did go. I wld say be a little cautious of early evening 4-7pm as we did notice that small groups wld hang about on sidewalks smoking! Don't let this but u off as it can be avoided by walking straight onto 5th ave which is what we done. Hotel staff fab, bellboys were amazing and nothing was to much defo recommend and would defo stay again x
bubble_40	I found the hotel to be very convenient as it is in the centre of New York. It was very warm and comfortable.The free breakfast was just enough to keep us going until evening. The staff were helpful and courteous. I would return to this hotel if I was in New York again.
bubble_40	Arrived at the Broadway Plaza at about 23.30, dumped our bags and went out to explore before bedtime! Hotel was BOILING! Just as well though as it was freezing outside! A hotel in New York is only used to sleep in as you will be out and about all day and night! Extremely comfortable massive bed! Good shower and was cleaned every day! Could not fault anything about it. The bagels and coffee in the mornings were just what we needed before another day of walking.   Hotel location is perfect for anything. Just down the street from the Flat Iron building and the High Line walk, not far from the hop on hop off tour busses, just perfect!!   Must give the staff an extra special mention as I forgot my iphone on the shuttle bus to the airport and with a few phonecalls between JFK, the
bubble_50	I stayed here for 5 nights with my two children, 18 & 20. Room was large, very clean and beds were very comfy. Despite the below freezing temperatures outside, the hotel and our room was very warm. The staff were very friendly and helpful and Antony the concierge was excellent, very helpful, knowledgeable and fluent in at least 3 languages that I heard him speak. Cannot praise the hotel highly enough, excellent price and good location. Subway 1 block away and only a 15 min walk from Times Square. Small room for the free breakfast but this wasn't a problem as we took our drinks and pastries back to the room as we had a table and chairs there. Would definitely recommend and if we are lucky enough to visit again I wouldn't hesitate to book here. Thank you for a great stay.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 6. Nights in Nivember, rooms was excellent, fantastic view of Empire State building, couldn't fault the staff from the maids, breakfast room ladies, reception team and especially the front door guys, who were always more than willing to help and recommend good places to eat etc, couldn't thank them enough.
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza was fantastic, very clean, polite and lovely staff. A special mention for Antony the concierge who couldn't do more to help us plan our way around the city.   It's very central to all of the amenities and tourist attractions! If looking for any where to eat we had some very lovely meals in the Hard Rock Cafe in Times Square!!!!   Thank you Broadway Plaza!!!!
bubble_50	We were a family of four staying here, all in one room. It was lovely and clean & very convenient. We were here for 8 nights as we had a very long list of things to do. The underground station was on the next corner from this hotel and being on Broadway line very easy to get anywhere, 28th Street stop. The staff were very friendly and helpful (real new yorkers!) Breakfast was included, help yourself (we would take back to room) but mainly pastries which were very nice & large but my waist suffered. Next door is a eatery you could sit in or take away, but they are everywhere. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and recommended it, It was just such a great central base and fantastic views of the empire state. We found New York the most expensive for hotels but this one was good
bubble_40	Minus: Asked for a quiet room or high floor upon booking and upon check in However since the hotel is full during this high season, it is understandable. Ended with rom 605, the room is very spacious for 3 of us with excellent view (facing the Empire state building which is beautiful at night (christmas light) but a bit noisy! From the traffic to the subway:(   Plus: Friendly and helpful staff:)  and many good reasonable restaurant around that area (walking distance). Like Hill Country Texas Grill and Wadly Pizza are excellent).
bubble_20	Was at the hotel in dec arrived late at night about 10pm. I had a holiday card with all my money on it but they wanted a deposit of $100 but wouldn't accept card so had to go to closest atm but because it was cash they wanted $200.  I was only allowed to lift $200 per day so wasn't happy. I asked for a high up room 5 months in advance but when I got there had a low room with dirty windows and an ice cold breeze coming through the windows while shut we went to complain and all they could do was turn up the heating. The area isn't the greatest you walk outside and feel your in a run down neighbour hood  . Some nice staff especially the concierges really helpful men. Will defo go back to NYC but with a better hotel.
bubble_50	We have just returned from an 11 day stay in this hotel. Past visits to NYC Have been to bigger, more expensive hotels, but when all you really need is a good clean hotel, this one more than fits the bill and the 24 hour tea and coffee availability and breakfast every day is a huge bonus. Finding a hotel that provides breakfast is virtually impossible in NY and eats into your spending funds in a big way.  All of the staff were exemplary, the double room we had was very large and clean.  We will definitely book to stay there again. Anthony, the concierge was the most helpful we have ever come across - nothing was too much trouble. I agree with one of the other reviews that it's not the nicest of locations but when you consider the small amount of time that you actually stay in
bubble_50	A great hotel with the largest rooms for NYC hotels. Staff really helpful especially Anthony the doorman who told usof a great place for breakfast. Free continental  breakfast was good but you need pancakes and eggs some mornings. Great location as only 7 blocks from Macy's and easy access to the subway to get around.
bubble_50	I stayed here with my 10yr old daughter, so I was keen on finding a clean hotel and pleasant hotel. This place meets all expectations. The staff were very friendly and accommodating.  They held our luggage after check out so we could get some addition time in NY.  I left my expensive headphones in my room, and the staff were honest enough to return them to the front desk.
bubble_40	I'm thinking this is an up and coming area of New York but the exact location of the hotel is not in the greatest neighborhood.  The room was HUGE for a NY hotel at this price, so that's the biggest positive.  If you need to be in this area of NY and want a big room, this is your place.  If you want fancy hotel, not for you....it's not fancy.  Don't spend a lot of time at the hotel, good for business travel and if you want to be around the Flatiron District.  If you want swanky, go somewhere else.  Staff was great, complementary continental breakfast was below average.
bubble_40	Not your big flashy entrance, but tucked in between shops of a less than glitzy appearance. However, staff good, room good,clean and comfortable, location good, all round value for money in a City that is not cheap.
bubble_50	I stayed here with two friends mid November for a 5 day break in New York.  It was my first time in NYC and the hotel was very accommodating. The concierge was very good at what he did and recommended places for us to visit including the boat trip out to Liberty. The hotel is a very short work to the Flatiron building.  There are subway stops for both uptown and downtown also a very short walk away. There is free tea and coffee as the other reviews point out and it can get very busy in the morning but we always took breakfast snacks back to our room.  The room itself was enormous and had a great view of the Empire State Building.  Room was cleaned everyday and was well equipped for our stay.  Great service from the desk.  No problems at all with checkin or check out.  Would stay
bubble_50	I have been fortunate to stay in a few hotels in NYC and this by far was the friendliest I've stayed in with a good feeling. It doesn't have a grand foyer or lots of facilities but The staff are friendly and helpful without being in your face and nothing is too much for the Porters on the front door and the front desk always met you with a smile.  The beds were comfy, the room clean and a good size bathroom  I've paid more for a very small room with no view in NYC. We were lucky to have a great view of the Empire State Building  The idea of the Breakfast Bagles, pastries, muffins and fruit with hot drinks and fruit juice was a good start to the day. The room was tiny so we got it put it on a tray and went back to our rooms to watch breakfast telly before getting ready for our
bubble_50	Arrived 4/12/14 On arrival found the staff to very friendly and helpful.  Unfortunately the lift that went to the 13th floor was broken, but Miguel carried our bags from the 7th to 10th floor. This hotel is excellent value for money...friendly, clean and close to everything... Definitely would recommend it.
bubble_40	The last two times we stayed at the Broadway Plaza, there was some kind of screw-up with check in. In fairness, we tend to go during holiday times, so it's probably a little nuts at hotels anyway. This last time was the worst. We still like the hotel, though. The prices are high for the location and what it is, however.
bubble_40	The rooms are a good size, rare in NYC. I also had a great view of the Empire State Building. The staff and the hotel itself were decent. I wouldn't say great, and I wouldn't say bad. The free breakfast in the morning I would say bad. The room size great.
bubble_50	I have just returned from a trip with my parents from New York. We had a great time and couldn't complain about anything. The hotel is great for New York. The check in was easy and fast. We got a great room on the 4th floor with a view of the Empire State Building. The room was very spacious and had a big tv and plenty of storage. The bathroom was grand with a shower and bathtubs and a good hair dryer.  There are no tea or coffee making facilities in your room but the kitchen is on the fourth floor so it was very convienient for us. There is free coffee and tea all day long. The breakfast is free and great for what your paying. We would like most bring your tray from your room get tea/ coffee and then toast some bagels with cream cheese and some pastries and eat at our table in
bubble_20	We got an extremely good deal on this hotel, which is the only reason we stayed here. I'm glad we didn't pay the regular room rate because I would've felt jipped. The rooms and bathrooms do not look like the pictures. The tile ceilings with florescent lights is not what you'd expect in your hotel room. That was very off-putting. It felt like we were in a hospital room. The carpet didn't feel that clean or inviting. The bathroom did seem recently renovated, which was nice, but still was nothing like the pictures online. The breakfast room on the 4th floor was really cramped, although I suppose it's better than nothing. The staff wasn't super friendly or accommodating. The location is close to subways, if you are traveling around the city that way. All in all, I'd never stay here
bubble_50	My friend and I stayed at the broadway plaza hotel in New York and I have to say it was one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and spotless and an extra bonus was when we looked out of our window we could see the empire state building in front of us. Continental breakfast was included in the price where u could get tea coffee juice along with bagels muffins and pastries. I would definitely recommend people to stay at this hotel. I cant write one bad thing about it. It certainly helped make my holiday an even more.enjoyable stay.
bubble_40	I recently visited NYC and after booking a highly doubtful place through Expedia and finding out on site that it was more of a rathole than a hotel, I rebooked The Broadway Plaza Hotel online as the price was fair and it appeared to be in a good position to visit Manhattan.  Thank God I did, the staff was friendly the room was huge, the bed super comfortable, the bathroom was clean and with hair dryer (yahoo!) and it was perfectly located to visit all that NYC has to offer. It is 3 blocks from the Flatiron Building, and 23rd Street subway (tube station). It's on 27th Street and Broadway so you can easily walk to the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, Madison Square Garden, Bryant Park and 5th Avenue. The hotel also provides you with some basic breakfast and free
bubble_30	It was a brilliant location and the rooms were nice but very small hotel and the breakfast room is tiny for so many people! Wasn't much choice at breakfast either. All the staff were lovely. Would Return if I ever went back to New York but wouldn't have breakfast there again
bubble_40	This is a very nice ,quiet, clean hotel situated centrally for all the  major attractions. the staff are very friendly as you would expect.  Anthony the concierge will help you get booked at your preferred  shows. If you have a late flight out they will store luggage and give access to a rest room. The breakfast is a bit of a huddle ( three tables ) but the hotel is about 300 yards from good cafe's who offer a range of breakfasts.
bubble_40	I traveled here with my boyfriend in March 2014. We were happily surprised by the large room size, huge for NYC! The bed was almost huge, and so comfortable. Concierge were extremely helpful with recommendations etc, and the hotel's location is great. Subway station is just around the corner and everything you need nearby. Cleanliness was never an issue, the whole hotel was immaculate. The one issue we had was regarding the elevator. It was so slow, and we were on the top floor so that resulted in a lot of time wasted. Also the kitchen area is very small, so we avoided that in the morning. Overall a great stay!
bubble_50	Excellent size room, Beds really comfy especially after a long day walking around. Maid service every day. Breakfast was Bagels, Muffins and Croissants. Unlimted tea, coffee, water, juice. Breakfast area small but you can take breakfast back to room. Close to Macy's, Times Square all within walking distance. Wifi you have to pay for which is really annoying.
bubble_40	So glad I choose this hotel as it was better than we thought, small and friendly with best view of Empire State Building from the room.  Room size good and bathroom etc.  All the staff that I met were very friendly and so willing to help with whatever query we had.  So nice to only have a few rooms on our 10th floor much more personal and only a bit of noise from the street below but that was when we had window open, nice also to not be overlooked, well one window was but kept those curtains closed but the rest not as it was nice to wake up and see the Empire State. Night view brill too especially when it was lit up in red/green, so effective, ahh memories coming back to my time there. . . . . Breakfast was good, knew some had said very small room but far too warm to sit in
bubble_40	Expected the room to be bigger, though we had a great view of the Empire State Building. Very central, just off 5th Avenue, walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, Macey's, Grand Central Station, St Patricks Cathedral, Tiffany's, Trump Tower and New York Public Library. Concierge very helpful, arrange wine to be delivered to the hotel.  He also arranged for hotel car to take us back to Newark as the taxi fare is a rip off.  Newark does not have a flat rate unlike JFK and they can charge what they like - and do!
bubble_40	Considering this hotel was a budget hotel I have to say it exceeded my expectations. The entrance was small with only a reception. There was a concierge who was extremely helpful and very informative. The bedrooms were very roomy with a large bathroom with a shower and a bath. Breakfast was included but was very basic (it is unusual to get a breakfast in the US) but adequate. This saved us looking for somewhere when we went out and as a result gave us more time for sightseeing.
bubble_20	Stated 3 nights 4people sharing when we checked in we were told room had a great view all we saw was back of other biildings. room 608 very small for 4 adults beds very comfy but small no mirror near socket only one socket worked 3rd night asked for fold out bed had to pay extra only 1 shamppo and body lotion not as shown on website. breakfast disappointing. no inroom information. no place to relax after checkout and later flight... in this day and age paying fir wifi a bit ridiculous wouldn't stay again or reccommend
bubble_40	Honestly considering that this hotel was on the lower end price-wise, I was not expecting much (especially after my stay at Hotel Pennsylvania which about 25% more expensive and horrificly disgusting).  The entrance of the hotel is small and doesn't have like a big greeting area or anything - it's essentially just a hallway that leads up to a small room where you can check in. The staff was all very nice though and the location is very good. Right on Broadway so close to some decent bars and restaurants, easy access to taxis and subway, and not too noisy at night (depends on your definition of noisy of course - but I tend to stay away from areas that are right near popular bars/restaurants as it can get noisy after last call).  Most importantly though, the room was FANTASTIC,
bubble_40	This hotel set over 13 floors is situated in not the best part of Broadway with hassle from locals outside.  However, the staff and cleanliness of this property is excellent and you could not ask for more.  Other reviewers had mentioned the breakfast and yes, it is offered in a very small and cramped space but we just took coffee, bagels and cake back to the room.  There is coffee and tea available 24 hours at no cost which is freshly brewed. I booked this hotel through an agent and was told on check in that if I wanted internet use it would be $10 a day - it is free only if you book direct with the hotel. I think the management should re-think this policy. However, Starbucks opposite has free access but when a free Starbucks coffee machine is available in the hotel why cross
bubble_30	The room was a good size, beds were very comfy. Noisy at night from other guests and Broadway traffic. Breakfast nothing special and room very cramped, we only went one of the four mornings. Starbucks opposite so used that. We were out and about for the majority of the time, the clean warm room was welcoming at the end of our busy days. Adequate accommodation. Paying for wifi is a bit unusual these days in my experience. Concierge staff helpful and friendly.
bubble_30	Good hotel, very close to subway stations, you can get to the Empire State building by walk, the room is confortable, even though the hotel is located on the city centre, I had very good sleep. Attentive staff.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 5 nights and we could not fault the hotel our room had a great view from it of the empire state building and was only 10min walk to time square and 25min walk to central park. The staff were always helpful and always on hand the rooms were clean and tidy and towels changed daily the only down side to hotel is its on a fairly busy road and u can here the subway all the time but you quickly Gert used to that
bubble_40	Just back from a girlie break shared a superior double room, two king size beds in a king size room. Very handy for all tourist spots with a view over the Empire State Building. Concierge was very friendly and helpful, he will book and organise tickets if you wish. Starbucks coffee available all day and pastries available between 7-10 for breakfast. Room clean and tidy with very comfy beds. Only fault was the mirror in the room wasn't anywhere near a plug socket for drying and straightening hair. This could be easy rectified by moving the mirrors and pictures around. Taxi to and from this hotel to Newark airport is approx 90 dollars but well worth it for ease. The subway is only a block away and many eateries close by.
bubble_40	I travelled to New York for my daughters 30th birthday in November, and read up on the hotel before booking. I was pleased to say that everything good on the reviews were accurate. The hotel has the comfiest bed that I have slept in, so hard to get up early when the bed was that comfy. Breakfast was included and was sufficient, warm bagels, croissants, muffins to die for, juices, tea and coffee was on offer 24 hours a day, hotel was cleaned every day and fresh fluffy towels also.  It is central to everything e.g. Times Square, 5th avenue  , etcetera, and our room was actually facing Empire State Building.  Overall I would recommend this hotel, and when I return to New York later this year I will be staying here again, the concierge couldn't do enough for you, very pleasant
bubble_50	Loved this hotel. Excellent location.  All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Good sized room and clean. Breakfast was good too, bagels and cakes. Coffee and Tea available all day also. I will definitely be staying in this hotel when I return to NYC.
bubble_40	my room was clean, quiet & staff are friendly & nice.  I would stay here again.  I was managing an install around the corner, so this was very convenient.  They do have a free bagels/muffin & coffee breakfast. I went down the street & got a real genuine NYC breakfast! They dont have a restaurant in the hotel. Room Service food was bad! But its NYC, You have to walk a bit or take a cab to some of the best dinning in the world!!  I think we payed a bit too much for the room, but then again it is NYC ....
bubble_50	Well what can I say about this hotel ... Perfect location 10 minutes walk from times sqaure, perfect to be far enough out to not hear the noise but close enough to walk into the heart of NYC. I contacted the hotel before we arrived to ask for a nice view preferably of the empire state building as my friend and I were arriving to celebrate our 30th Birthdays. There repsonse was they get a lot of these requests however they will do their best. They did more than there best we got an awesome view of the empire state. What a fab way to start the holiday. I hadn't requested a twin room and we had to share a large double bed, the room was a decent size and the bathroom clean, if your going to NYC to spend time in the room you'll miss out so as long as the room was clean I was quite
bubble_30	We stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews on here and was ver disappointed by the location. It is close (ish) to Times Square but in a very run down location. The hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful but the hotel itself was very small. Don't bother with breakfast, it's in a tiny room where there isn't enough room for a quarter of the guests let alone half and resulted in to us standing to eat most mornings. The selection wasn't great either. We chose this hotel over  the grande Hyatt near grande central station for the same price and it's had NOTHING on the Hyatt.
bubble_40	For the price and location, this is an excellent hotel. "Breakfast" was included but is mostly bagels and doughnuts. Ok for a week though. Unlimited coffee is provided. We had a beautiful view of the Empire State Building. Our experience with the airport transfer was ok so we were happy with that despite what others had said. It sometimes took a long time for the rooms to be cleaned and still hadn't been cleaned when we got back in the middle afternoon and we left a $5 tip each day.  Would we stay here  again..yes!
bubble_50	Great hotel, fab location, staff excellent, we requested a room with a view and wow did they deliver.. Very spacious rooms, the free breakfast ( take your room tray and have breakfast in your room) 24 hour a day tea/coffee/water, great for the jetlag  3am ...  I would defiantly recommend and stay again, thank for a wonderful stay ... X
bubble_20	The good thing about this hotel was that the room was large.  We were on the 7th floor and had a corner room which had a great view.  The decor is tired but youre there to see New York not to stay in the room.  We did have trouble getting hot water at times but just accepted .  Breakfast is included which is great but you are lucky to get anything if youre late as there is only a limited choice and this is whisked away quickly.  The area did give me some cause for concern and I was glad I had a male with me.  On our last day my husband was taking a shower before checking out (we had a pick up arranged for 9.30) when water poured through the ceiling from the room above  On contacting the reception we were told it that is was a blocked toilet from above  great we could not
bubble_40	Having stayed on Times Square once previously, it was a slight downgrade when we got dropped off on midtown Manhattan. There's a lot of people trying to sell you certain items on every corner up to the centre. This was slightly scary for 3 young girls at first yet after dark the people go home and we never had a problem. The hotel staff were helpful. We purchased wifi. The breakfast was included but was very busy as it's just a small room so breakfast was taken to our room on the days we had it. Room size was unbelievable for a New York hotel and view was fantastic on floor 11. Do not book transfers with go airlink though, we had a very nasty man demanding a tip as we got dropped off, we Are not used to this being British, that much he kept hold of my bag until he got one. We
bubble_40	Stayed in September for three nights. I had been recommended the hotel by my cousin who visited last year, we were not disappointed. Room on floor two had two double beds, huge TV, desk and chairs and a fine sized bathroom, with powerful shower. It was clean and the maid service each day was spot on. 10 minute walk to Times square, few minutes to a subway station and Fifth Avenue, it is ideally situated. All the staff were superb, especially the concierge who helped my partner sort out and pick up a surprise birthday cake for me. Gave us advice on where to visit, restaurants and bars and also got us great deals on a Broadway show. Only slight problem we had was there was a mix up with our airport pick up which did not arrive, meaning we had to get a private taxi which cost us
bubble_50	Just come back from a 5 night stay . I can not recommend this hotel highly enough. The hotel is spotlessly clean . The room was spacious with plenty of room, a free continental breakfast with plenty to choose from . Only a good 5 min walk from Time sq and 5th Ave. and lastly the staff are so friendly and helpful especially Anthony the consiage he really was helpful he is a credit to the hotel . I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I am ever Lucy enough to go back to the fabulous New York city
bubble_40	Stayed at this Hotel for six nights earlier this month and was pleasantly surprised at the quality and size of the rooms, we had an eighth floor room with excellent views. The complimentary breakfast was a nice touch and kept us going until lunchtime. Hotel very close to a subway station and we felt safe at all times. However special mention to the staff, all were excellent, friendly and knowledgeable - I would not hesitate to stay here again.
bubble_50	Staff were the among the most friendly, helpful people we have ever come across. Free continental breakfast (rare treat in the USA) set us up for the day with free fresh ground coffee and other drinks available all day. Ideally placed near a subway station. We've already recommended it to friends and would love o go back
bubble_50	This hotel was lovely.  Great location and we had the most amazing view of the empire state building from our room.  All the staff were very helpful especially the concierges. Hopefully be able to return sometime soon
bubble_50	Stayed her between 11-15 Oct for our first trip to NY. Lovely small hotel with excellent sized rooms. The staff are all lovely incl the conceirge staff who were more than happy to help incl booking our helicopter trip and confirming trips we had pre booked. Lovely choice of pastries for breakfast which you can take up to your room. A 15min walk to times sq and one street from 5th avenue this hotel is in an ideal situation. Hope to be back soon.
bubble_40	We had a great room for 3 ladies to see the Westminster Dog Show in February.  Our room was very large, 2 big beds, 2 sitting areas and large bathroom.  Continental breakfast was O.K. but not great.  Close to subway, Marvin Gardens, lots of great restaurants.
bubble_40	10-15 minute walk from penn station and Times Square. Plenty of hot water and decent breakfast of pastrys, apples/oranges, juice/tea/coffee/water. Helpful and friendly staff. hope to be back some day!!
bubble_40	Great hotel in midtown with great friendly staff.  Rooms are small but from other people we spoke to on our trip so are the rooms in most New York hotels.   Busy area during the day but quiet at night. Great for walking around NY
bubble_40	Upon arrival at this hotel, the initial impressions were not favourable. The entrance area is not too welcoming and the reception area small and windowless. However, the staff were very polite and our room on the third floor was very acceptable. It was clean and tidy and had everything we wanted. The bonus was the complimentary continental breakfast, available on floor 4, and the availability of tea / coffee all day. Whilst the breakfast area was a bit compact, we took our pastries and drinks (orange juice which was available until 10am) back to our room. Well situated near the Flatiron Building and some reasonable local restaurants. The staff manning the concierge desk were always extremely courteous and helpful. Being New York, we spent minimal time in our room and the hotel
bubble_50	We stumbled across this hotel several years ago when we were traveling with our 2 children, we decided to extend our time in New York and the first hotel was a dismal experience, so using hotels.com we booked our extra nights at the Broadway Plaza mainly due to cost and the great reviews.  When we first entered the building I was a bit concerned...long narrow hallway, check-in area couldn't hold all of our party and luggage it was so small.  My husband gave me the "what have you gotten us into" look.  Then we went to our room, the Junior Suite and everyone's attitude changed!  The room was so spacious, I've stayed at many hotels including the Crown Plaza and Marriott in Times Square and the rooms were twice the price and half the size.  I love New York, but after being out in
bubble_40	Just got back from Newyork, our first room was on the third floor, quite small, asked later to be moved which was no problem, room 1105 , good sized room although no view, room very modern and clean, breakfast room very small but took our breakfast back to our room, which was not a problem, very close to the flat iron building, nice bars around the corner on 26th, found the area fine and a lot less busier than times square area, had a fantastic holiday in a great hotel with lovely staff, would recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza on our very first trip to New York between the 2nd-5th Sept and i have to say that the staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful especially Anthony the Concierge.The rooms were lovely and clean with a great view of the Empire State Building.The only thing that was a disappointment to us was the free breakfast, we found the choice very limited if you didn't want pastries, muffins or bagels and the kitchen was a very small space in which to eat.Apart from that we had a lovely stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a friendly New York hotel.
bubble_40	Business trip with only a short stay but found the Broadway Plaza nostalgically delightful. This is a small hotel in a good location and about a half hour in morning traffic to the airport. The room was clean, cozy, and quaint.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Two thumbs up!
bubble_40	Great people are working at this hotel. The room is surprising large for a hotel in the middle of NYC Crowded area but felt very safe.Broadway shows are within walking distance.Madison square park was right around the corner.
bubble_50	We stayed at Broadway Plaza Hotel last month for a long weekend before we flew onto Orlando . When you see the hotel from the outside it does not do it justice to what you pleasantly  find inside . The front desk staff are friendly and welcoming  10 /10. The rooms where very clean and comfortable with a large bathroom and  maid service was execella nt10/10 . Up on the fourth  floor they had a breafast area not very big, but the food was ideal it was self service all complementry  .Our room looked out and up !  to the Empire state building which was fab !! We where 20 minute walk from time Square. I would stay here again, however and its not a big fault but  the local area to within a block is noisey on a night especially saturday nights  rubbish is pilled up on the street
bubble_40	We stayed here on our first trip to New York and were not disappointed. Although the lobby is small the room was spacious with a glorious view of the Empire State Building. Breakfast was adequate with fresh coffee and a selection of fresh bakery items.  The hotel is in a great location with a subway stop a few blocks away, a 10 minute walk to the Empire State and a 15 minute walk to Times Square. The highlight of the hotel was Anthony the concierge - what can I say? Nothing was too much trouble for him, he booked us helicopter flights (and also recommended which company had the best helicopters for views), our flight transfers and Yankees tickets and was prepared to book a broadway show too.  Thank you Anthony for really making our holiday!
bubble_40	Don't judge a book by its cover. Not a very attractive hotel from the outside and not a fancy lobby, but the room was excellent for the price, and the staff was accommodating. You may not find a better value in Manhattan. If you're concerned about the location: don't be. You're two subway stops away (3 minutes) from Times Square but a world away in terms of noise and craziness. Plus, there's excellent food in the neighborhood these days. Easy choice if you want to stay somewhere very nice but want to save money for more interesting things.
bubble_40	Great location and I would definitely stay there again. Breakfast is not that great but suffices, the breakfast room is really small and it is a good idea to get there early. Good size rooms with clean towels and bedding daily. Staff friendly and helpful.
bubble_40	We were recommended this hotel for our first ever trip to New York and it lived up to expectations.  We arrived by taxi but there is a subway (23rd Street) very close by.  Whilst there is a very large bill board advertising the hotel (that you can see from the top of the Empire State building!) the entrance is tucked away in a street with relatively cheap shops surrounding it - but don't be put off.  All of the staff we encountered and especially the concierge staff were incredibly helpful and although we were on the 4th floor we did get a view of the Empire State.  The 4th floor is also the location of a small and compact breakfast area (7-10am).  Fresh pastries, fruit and fruit juices are provided but it can be very tight and you have to grab the food tactically!  The room we
bubble_40	The hotel is in a central location for visiting New York, just 15 minutes walk from the bustling Times Square in a quieter part of Broadway. The hotel was spotless, the staff were very friendly and attentive. We stayed on the 10th floor in a room that looked out on the Empire State Building which relay made our stay. The room air conditioning worked fine however it was a little noises so we tended to switch it off through the night. The rooms are also very large and comfortable.  Breakfast is an experience as there is a very small kitchen with coffee and juices, pastries and bagels on offer. I would recommend that you take your tray(from under the ice bucket in the room) and self serve breakfast in your room.  There are two banks of elevators covering floors 1-7 and 1-13. At
bubble_50	Great hotel in New York. Very central and near to Subway station. Walking distance to many sights.  Room was large and spotlessly clean.  Beds were comfy. Breakfast included in price. We took it back to our room each morning. Tea and coffee 'on tap' 24 hours a day. Staff very helpful.  Would definitely return to this hotel. We were on 2nd floor and had no problems with street noise.  No complaints at all.
bubble_40	We stayed 4 nights this week at the Broadway plaza. First the good stuff  Great central location, short walk from Macys if you really just want to waste your holiday shopping, very close to subway station, easy access to all the sights. Really great staff, the reception staff are brilliant and Miguel the concierge deserves a special mention as does Joey on reception, the only staff who ever seemed a little sullen were those looking after the breakfast room.  The rooms are a great size especially for new York. Our room for 4 was only a little smaller than rooms at the Hilton Anaheim and Sheraton San Diego. The bathroom was bigger than the bathroom offered by either of the other hotels we have stayed in.  Don't be put off by the tiny reception, they have clearly maximised the
bubble_40	We're from the uk, just stayed for a few nights. Hotel staff friendly, breakfast bagels and numerous buns, free tea and coffee. Lovely even though I'm used to my bowl of porridge. Kitchen was small but it didn't matter you can take it to your room. Our bed was large and we did get a view of the Empire State which we requested. All in all very good. Our trip to New York was super my memories will stay with me forever.
bubble_50	stayed there in March 2011 with my family in 2 large rooms well appointed and clean, everything was perfect I still remember this hotel and wanted to leave a review the weather was freezing cold in that period but the rooms were perfectly heated and comfortable , the best was the view of the Empire State Building and its top was green lighted for St Patrick's day ;) our rooms were on the  05th floor and even if there were facing a busy avenue we never encountered any noise problem really good sound proofing the staff was nice , and the breakfasts satisfied our needs , especially the different types of Bagels, delicious. situation perfect, central, and close to everything. If we ever come back to NY we'll definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza
bubble_40	This hotel is very conveniently located and near one of my favorite places, Eataly.  I had a large package shipped to the hotel via UPS and the staff delivered it to my hotel room.  I requested a room that would minimize the NYC traffic sounds and they gave me a room on the 11th floor and it was quiet.  The bed was comfortable, the room was a great size for NYC, the bathroom was also fairly spacious, and the staff were kind and very accommodating; always willing to stand and hail a cab.  This is a little gem, well priced and a great value.
bubble_40	PERFECT accommodations for our family of 5.  Large suite (Much larger than average), 2 queens plus pull out couch in living room.  Lots of space.  Surprised to find a value like this in NYC, as traveling with 5 can be pricey anywhere, let alone in NYC.   Nothing fancy here...no lobby per se, just a front desk for check in, but it was clean, spacious & breakfast was included & conveniently located in the foyer down the hall from our room.  Great location, too.  Lots of places to eat (with kids).  Noise wasn't an issue in our room.  Comfortable beds.  Would highly recommend if you want a good value for a suite.
bubble_50	From check in to check out, the Broadway Plaza Hotel surpassed all of my expectations. A great location, spacious room, and wonderful service greeted us for our two night stay. If you book directly with the hotel, wifi is complementary and request a room with a view of the Empire State Building. Good value for. NYC.
bubble_40	Have just returned from a week with two 15 year olds. I booked a family room at the Broadway Plaza Hotel on 27th Street/Broadway. The staff were efficient, helpful and friendly.  Basic rooms but ours was large and had a very nice shower room, the water was always hot and everything was spotless. An added bonus was a complimentary Continental breakfast, bagels, pastries, fruit and fruit juice, as well as free tea and coffee always available. An ice machine next to a soft drink vending machine was greatly appreciated.  We walked to Times Square and when really energetic to Central Park. We used the hop on hop off tour bus to travel to visit the Twin Towers area, the ferry to the Statue of Liberty and up to the Bronx. No complaints at all.
bubble_40	Broadway Plaza was a nice hotel in the southern part of Mid-Town Manhattan. Rooms were nicely sized for New York. It is a very small hotel (about 4 rooms per floor) but the staff was very nice and helpful. It was clean and well maintained. There is easy Subway access a block away.
bubble_50	We were very limited with our time in NYC, so we needed a room that was central enough for sightseeing, and because we were taking the train into the city we wanted to be close to Penn Station so we could walk.  When we arrived in the morning, our room wasn't ready but they held our bags in lock up so we could sightsee without carrying everything. Our room was lovely, and very spacious.  Our room had 2 Queen beds and a pull out sofa, it also had a view of the Empire State Bldg.  We were thrilled with the accommodations, and all of the hotel staff.  It made our "whirlwind" trip very enjoyable.
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel from 27  July to 1 August 2014. The staff were extremely helpful, even allowing my husband to use their office computer when we received a text to tell us that our onward flight to Las Vegas had been cancelled and we should contact the airline. The concierge (Antony) was helpful with lots of useful tips regarding booking Broadway and attraction tickets. The room was very clean and had everything we required. The only downside to the hotel is that despite giving complimentary breakfasts and drinks, the 'breakfast room' is extremely small and it's quite a squash between 7.30 and 10 am each morning. However, you can overcome the 'squash' by taking your pastries and coffee back to your room. Overall, a good hotel, in a central position and well worth using if
bubble_40	Pros: Good location, easy subway access, reasonable prices, full service.  Cons: Watch out for their parking validation policy.  This hotel on 27th and Broadway was really nice. Room was big. Very clean. I asked for a room with a good view because I heard some views were better than others. WOW! I had a total view of the Empire State Building. Floor to ceiling windows. On the 7th floor so no street noise. It was about a 15-20 minute stroll to Times Sq. It was far enough away from the hustle and bustle. Now on to the parking. I called not once, not twice but 3x the last being 5 minutes from the hotel. I was told the wrong lot. I went back to the hotel and they told me that there was nothing they could do and they would have never told me to park in that garage. It ended up
bubble_50	This was my first visit to New York and I'm glad I stayed at the broadway plaza.  The location was fantastic in terms of being central and close to everything I wanted. Plenty of places to eat locally or a short cab ride away.  The staff were friendly and happy to help at all times. They were forthcoming with ideas and tips to make the stay more enjoyable.  The breakfast was good, the rooms were always clean, and the overall value for money was fantastic. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	I was trying to get a hotel as close to the Port Authority as possible but everything was too expensive. Came across Broadway Plaza, spoke to them on the phone and then on the weekend went in person to learn the route to the hotel and book a room.  I received a lot of information and was able to secure  a room at a very reasonable rate and a 10% discount with free wifi. We only needed for overnight as were  headed to 6 flags the next morning. Simply put, This is my go to place next time I need a hotel in the city without hesitation.
bubble_40	I stayed here back in May for 7 nights with my Husband. On arriving at the hotel the concierge and reception staff were very friendly. Due to it being my husbands 30th Birthday we were upgraded to a room with a view of the Empire State Building. The room was well decorated and clean. We found the bed very comfortable and the size of the room was good for New York. Every morning there are pastries, muffins and bagels in the kitchen as well as Tea and Coffee. We would have a muffin in the morning and not need to eat again until lunch time. The Tea and Coffee is available 24/7 and we thought this was a good idea and got a cup every night when we went back to the hotel for the nigh. The Hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Subway, I would recommend getting the weekly pass as its well
bubble_50	Very central, right on Broadway and a spit from 5th Avenue.  Boutique hotel with reasonable rates.  What they call a continental breakfast in the mornings, just pastries, doughnuts croissants and bagels.  Coffee, tea etc. People are what help make the holiday and the staff here are great, very helpful and will put themselves out for stupid tourists.
bubble_30	The hotel room was nice and pretty spacious, we were on a higher floor with a view of the Empire State building. The elevator was pretty slow, seemed like only one was operating while we were there, and the water pressure was terrible! At some points, the shower was like a trickle of water. Close by subway stops made it convenient though. Also, no one cleaned our room on the last night of our stay. We were not in our hotel for most of the day, and upon returning at like 4:30 for the day, we still hadn't had our room cleaned.
bubble_40	Some friends and I stayed here in June of 2014 and, yet again, this hotel is still at the top of my "Go-To" list when traveling to the city. Since this is a renovated older hotel, compared to other hotels I've stayed at in the city, the rooms and bathrooms are oversized. The decor is very modern and the staff is always personable.  Thanks Broadway Plaza for another great stay!
bubble_40	Booked last minute, was skeptical due to some of the other reviews I read but the price and location were what I needed.  Great room, water pressure and shower were awesome despite other comments.  Location in Nomad is easy to get to.  The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because they charge for WiFi access.
bubble_50	I love, love, love my room! I am here right now. Spacious room, HUGE bathroom for NYC. You can lay down on the floor and spin around =). Comfy bed, there are a sofa, a dinette table as well as an office desk. The only thing would make it more perfect, a little fridge. Then again who needs a fridge in NYC when the best food is just downstairs? Rafael was very helpful at the front desk, he made my day! The doorman got my bags before I even got out of taxi. I have been to NYC many, many times this is the best hotel so far.
bubble_50	Me & my boyfriend arrived here on the 16th may for a week for my 21st birthday. Had an amazing time. View wasn't great, will request for a nicer view next time. Anthony was great & helped us with any questions we had. Doormen was very friendly and helpful. Is close to Macys, (10 minute walk) we will be returning :)
bubble_50	This was the first time visiting New York for us, when we arrived we felt very welcome. The receptionists, concierges and maids were all very polite; the location of the hotel was within walking distance away from Times Square, Empire State Building as well as a subway station. Complimentary breakfast was great with a choice of bagels, donuts, muffins with tea and coffee available at all times. Our 7th floor room was high enough to block most street level noise and also offered a great view of the Empire State Building. The room was clean with plenty of room and came with a HD TV and air con. No complaints about the bathroom either! A special mention goes to Terry who was incredibly polite and was always ready to answer any queries we had. I Would recommend this hotel to anyone
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza from June 28 - July 1 2014.  Great location.  We were welcomed by friendly staff.  Our room was large, clean, with a great view of  the Empire State Building.  Nice to have the breakfast (we brought it back to our room each morning because very small eating area).  Love NYC and this trip was awesome!  I would return to this hotel.
bubble_40	Nice clean hotel. Friendly concierge. Big room with nice bathroom. Walking distance to everything. It's an old fashioned looking hotel but don't be put off! The only downside was the tiny breakfast room - there are only a few seats so we took a tray and took breakfast back up to our room, which was fine. Breakfast was limited - apples, oranges, pastry selection, and juice/tea/coffee from a machine. This wouldn't put me off booking again (there are plenty of cafes around for nicer breakfasts!).
bubble_30	The hotel itself is very central in Manhattan and was good to travel most tourist sites that we wanted to visit. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Room quite dated, but on the plus side it was on 4th floor right next to breakfast room and 24 hour coffee (though the water/orange juice machine was only available at breakfast which was annoying when dehydrated from walking round the city) there was a vending machine on 8th floor. Breakfast was included even though expecting room only - fruit and pastries left out for you to help yourself to :) one tip, when staff tell you it's not walkable... It is, to walk a block is less than 30 seconds so 20 blocks seems a lot but in reality it's a 10 minute walk!
bubble_40	We stayed here in March 2014 (fortunately just after the terrible snow storms).  The hotel is ideally located and just a short walk to the subway stations.  The staff were friendly and polite. The rooms were clean and VERY large.  We had a view of the Empire State Building which was amazing.  The breakfast selection was nothing to write home about so don't get your hopes up, but it is nice to have coffee and juice first thing in a morning (and even nicer if one of your friends fetches it for you).  The only downside seemed to be some of the clientele. On our last night we kept awake nearly all night by the party which was going on in the next room and outside our door.  In fairness we didn't inform the management at the time, and when we mentioned it at check out they were
bubble_40	I stayed here for 5 nights in May 2013 (only just got round to writing a review - over a year later). I really enjoyed my stay here and found the staff to be exceedingly helpful, particularly a gentleman named Anthony. Me and my boyfriend both felt like nothing was to much hassel especially when it came to flagging down cabs for us! The hotel overall was clean and the rooms were quite spacious.  The only negative point I have is the WiFi was not free when we stayed, unsure if this has changed now or not?   The hotel is in a good location around a 15 minute walk to Times Square and very close to The Empire State Building. I would throughly recommend whilst in New York to take the Greyline bus tours. These tour buses were excellent.  They covered Uptown, Harlem, The Bronx,
bubble_50	This hotel is perfectly located for exploring Midtown Manhattan. We stayed in room 1002 which is a corner room that has a beautiful view of the Empire State Building. The hotel is a 15-20 minute walk to Times Sq, 5 mins to the Flatiron and 2 mins to 5th Avenue.   The hotel itself is basic but is clean and has great AC and offers a free continental breakfast every morning, plus free tea and coffee all day. We ate breakfast at Eisenberg's just down 5th past the Flatiron and I can really recommend this if you prefer a taste of old school NYC.   Unless you book directly with the hotel you have to pay $9.95 per day for wi-fi but there is a Starbucks opposite which offers free wi-fi.   The staff were polite and helpful and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
bubble_40	Good and bad things about this hotel, first the good: it is located close to the broadway local subway so it is easy to get to Broadway shows, and around NYC cheaply. Easy walking distance to Macy's, Madison Sq., and the Empire State Building.  It was clean and comfortable. Larger than your average NYC hotel room. The staff is friendly and professional. The price is very good for NYC. The Bad: very small lobby for meeting anyone. Very small breakfast area, it was so crowded that I gave up on even trying. Other guests were managing to take food back to their rooms on trays because there is almost no space to sit. There are two tables I think. Also just outside of the hotel there are quite a few unoccupied people standing and sitting around the corner. They made me a bit
bubble_50	Myself and my Fiance arrived from Las Vegas and on arrival found our travel agent had booked us through Expedia and Expedia had since cancelled our booking and we had no reservation anymore and therefore no where to stay for the next 4 nights!  The Manager, Scott, took us into his office and gave us copies of paperwork to take back to our travel agent. He also had another member of staff look for another hotel for us and he looked himself and found us some a room for the night in a nearby hotel. He phoned up and booked us in it and also booked us in the one room he had for the last 3 nights of our stay. This was all after a 5 hour flight from Las Vegas on a friday afternoon.  The hotel is top notch, we stayed in the suite on the top floor which had windows covering two walls
bubble_50	My friends and I have just returned from a girlie holiday to NYC. We had a 4 person room in the 3rd floor. The room was HUGE, even with 4 women, suitcases and shopping we still had plenty of room. Breakfast of muffins, bagels, etc was lovely as was the Starbucks coffee 24/7  All staff at the hotel were very helpful but we all took a shine to concierge Jerry who was working the night shift when we stayed and looked after us and went over and above anything we asked him for help with  The hotel is in an excellent location, close to Times Square, Macy's and the Empire State  I lost my heart in my first trip to NYC - I will be back and I will be booking this hotel again
bubble_40	First I'll deal with the one downside. If you drive in to NY and park, make sure you have the right garage. The parking was supposed to be $50 for 2 days. I called the hotel 5 days in advance and they told me where it was. I called 2x in when I got to Manhattan and the also told me which one. When I picked up my car, turns out they gave me the wrong garage and the price wss more than double. Went back to the hotel and they told me thete was nothing they could do and they would have never told me that. I say get them to email you so you have it in writing.  Now the good parts. Hotel is nice. Very clean. Rooms are huge by NY standards. I had a great view in Room 703. Huge windows with lots of light. Bed was very comfortable. Didn't encounter any issues with the room. Close to the
bubble_50	Myself and 5 members of my family have just spent a week in this lovely hotel. Our room was on the 3rd floor and we had a view of the Empire State! Our room was spotless and spacious, a very large TV, a comfy bed and a great shower. We were so impressed with the standard of the room with the price that we paid. Coffee is available 24/7 on the 4th floor which was great! Also breakfast served in a morning from 7-10, amazing doughnuts, muffins and bagels etc. Hotel is in a great location, 2 min walk from the Flatiron building and the lovely Madison Park. All hotel staff were very helpful and friendly! If we were to return to New York, we would definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza again!
bubble_50	stayed here oct 2013 ( bit late i know ) rooms 603/604 nice room on corner ,great view of ESB , nice big room ,bathroom ok  breakfast ok get down early for cakes and buns with jam . plenty of tea and orange juice  weather was great when we there , seen show first date also good  new york pass was worth the money for attractions  would use hotel again  great location
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in May 2014.  It's only a ten minute walk to the Empire State Building and Macy's!!!!  Staff were soo helpful and don't charge for booking anything eg helicopter rides and you can get 30% discount on show tickets!!  Continental breakfast is included and is really tasty and there is free tea and coffee all day every day!!  Room was comfortable and cleaned every day.  Bathroom was a very good size and again clean and tidy!!!
bubble_50	Stayed here for four nights. First night was noisy outside as we were on the second floor but after that all was good. Breakfast buffet was brilliant lots of pastries and bagels. Rooms were an excellent size and clean. The staff are amazing recommending places to eat etc however here's the thing.......on our last day mother-in-law collapsed in the centre of NYC and was taken to hospital with a transfer from the hotel in three hours time the staff really came through...helpful is an understatement. they really went the extra mile and nothing was to much trouble to help us out.When you are in a crisis (or not) there is no where else I would rather stay! Our thanks to all the staff especially Anthony who if you look on here is a bit of a legend!
bubble_40	Had a great 4 night stay here, staff was helpful and pleasant at all times, rooms are clean, great location in the city only a few blocks from time square , walking distance to many sights.  The room for breakfast was a little tight, not much room to move around, but it was well taken care of.
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed here for 4 nights.  The place is central to sight seeing and an affordable place to stay.  They have a Continental breakfast that includes coffee, tea, juice, bagels, donuts, and muffins.  There is also some fruit.  It is basic, but included in your stay so I enjoyed taking advantage of it.  There is a starbucks nearby if you need a stronger coffee fix.  I would stay here again.
bubble_50	Just came home from new york yesterday. Stayed for 4 nights here and enjoyed our stay. We were on the 10th floor with a view of the empire state building! Room was really clean me bed very comfortable (very important after shopping and walking for most of each day!)   Staff were very pleasant especially concierges; Miguel, Anthony and Carlos! Well done guys!   Thanks
bubble_50	Stayed here between 16th to 19th May, this hotel is in a perfect location for visiting all New Yorks big attractions, stayed in room 403 which did not have a view of ESB but was a big clean room. Found all the staff to be very friendly more so Miguel who was very helpful, would highly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.
bubble_50	Our party was a group of girls that wanted a good location to see New York, the hotel was reasonable in price, rooms were fine for what we wanted, clean and was ideally situated to see most of the sights and nightlife. All staff were professional, with Anthony, Miguel, Carlos and Tyrell being more than polite and welcoming. Anthony went out of his way to be helpful and managed to advice us on best deals and places to eat etc.  Rooms were cleaned daily, breakfast selection was small but coffee/tea was available 24/7.  We loved our stay in New York with the hotel adding to the overall experience. We would happily stay here again.
bubble_50	Stayed in room 1003 with Empire state building view between 15 to 20 May. Hotels in a great location in the middle of all major attractions, staff can't do enough to help especially Anthony. Rooms are decent size and would recommend Empire state view room, would definitely stay here again if visiting NY.
bubble_40	We stayed at the broadway plaza hotel for a week, we were in room 703 which has a great view of the empire state building and is a good sized room and has a good sized bathroom and comfy bed. On arrival at the hotel we got a very warm welcome from all members of staff, who were all very helpful. As other reviews have said the breakfast is very basic but it is very nice. The room its in is very small side but when we couldnt get a seat there we judt took our breakfast back to our room.  The hotel is in a good location for walking to all the different tourist locations. We would stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone.
bubble_30	This hotel has lovely staff who try very hard but it really needs a refurbishment . The bathrooms are awful and there were issues with lack of hot water. Breakfast is very basic . The area is quite central however it is not very nice where it is situated, lots of cheap shops surround it. I suppose you get what you pay for in NYC! Beds were very comfy though and nice view of Empire State.
bubble_10	The hotel is just OK. Asked for late check-out. Worker said 12:30 & i said "please 1" then he said any extra minute past 1pm i will charge you half a day -so i agreed. 12:27 same man calls me and says i should leave the room. I said but we already agreed at 1pm. "You are lying and i have been here for a long time and if you want to play this game i will charge you a whole day!". I go down immediately and say take your recordings out & he says "no we cant and you should stop lying" Very disrespectful and professional liars! Watch out!!!!
bubble_40	We stayed for 5 nights from 28th April and were on the 7th floor.  There was a fantastic view of the Empire state building from our window.  All staff were helpful and helped us arrange taxi's when needed.  The area is safe and always quite busy.  Would definitely recommend this hotel as it is central to everything.  just a 10 minute walk to the main shops like Macy's and a further 5 minutes to Times Square!
bubble_30	Stayed in this hotel for 6 nights. The hotel is close to subways, and has a moderately good location. The room on the 5th floor had good size, but the bathroom was small. It had a shower with curtains and a roof with need of renovation. Generally the room was not as up to date as the lobby and rest of the hotel would suggest. The complimentary continental breakfast was really a joke. But the area has lots of places for breakfast. So dont even bother to go to the breakfast room on the 4th floor if you want a good breakfast. The elevator to the 5th floor seemed old, and it took almost as long time to get to the 5th floor as it takes to get to the top op Rockefeller Center. The service in the hotel was good, including the cleaning.
bubble_40	We arrived home a few days ago after staying here for a week.  We requested and were given a room with a view of the empire state building, up on 11th floor, The view, especially at night when it was lit up was fantastic! The room was very clean and tidy, and of a good size by NYC standards. Very close to 28th St subway which we made a lot of use of.  A has been said elsewhere the breakfast was basic, but it was complimentary and it suited us.  We wanted to make the best use of the time we had so were out early most days to get into the attractions early.  The bagels, pastries and tea/coffee were all we were looking for early on. We found all staff to be courteous and friendly, and the concierge was very helpful.  The area is safe albeit not in the best looking part of the city,
bubble_30	Needed a decent cheap hotel in nyc and this was pretty decent. Okay location, cheaper parking $25 dollars for 24 hours with hotel voucher stamp, free breakfast and friendly service. Hotel room was really tiny though and I felt cramped. Also I think we had no views and it was really dreary
bubble_40	We enjoyed our stay at the Broadway Plaza Hotel. The bellmen were very welcoming and full of tips and advice on places to visit. Staff at the hotel were friendly. We had a room on the 12th floor with a great view of the Empire State Building, even from the shower! Bed was very big and comfortable. Downsides: The breakfast room wasn't great, I went there on our first morning however there was only a tray with lots of bagels piled up on it and no other choices so we ate out for breakfast every day. The shower wasn't very powerful. My partner and I both came out in rashes, must of been from the bed sheets and towels! No kettle in the room, you have to go to the breakfast room on the 4th floor for a tea or coffee.
bubble_50	Myself and 5 members of my family have just spent a week in this lovely hotel. Our room was on the 3rd floor and we had a view of the Empire State! Our room was spotless and spacious, a very large TV, a comfy bed and a great shower. We were so impressed with the standard of the room with the price that we paid. Coffee is available 24/7 on the 4th floor which was great! Also breakfast served in a morning from 7-10, amazing doughnuts, muffins and bagels etc. Hotel is in a great location, 2 min walk from the Flatiron building and the lovely Madison Park. All hotel staff were very helpful and friendly! If we were to return to New York, we would definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza again!
bubble_40	A lovely boutique hotel does not mean small and poky.  We arrived for six nights expecting to be in a small room with not enough room to swing a cat, we were much surprised at the size of our double room.  We had a corner room -304 - with two windows and one had a view of the top of the Empire State Building.  Situated on broadway 28th street we were only a ten or fifteen minute walk from Times Square and ten minutes from Macy's.  Great location for getting the subway down to attractions such as soho, 9/11 and battery park to get the ferry for the statue of liberty.  The hotel staff were really friendly and the concierge was able to book any passes or tickets we needed.  Breakfast was Starbucks coffee, tea, fruit juice or hot choc.  Bagels of many varieties were offered as well
bubble_40	This hotel does what it says on the tin, the rooms were lovely, clean and homely. Spacious for manhattan. The reception staff excelled in their friendliness and welcoming manner. No lounge space but a little coffee station. When you're in New York you don't need much lounge facilities, the city is your lounge space! Good hotel, would recommend as a place to lay your head.
bubble_50	This hotel doesn't look like much from the outside but we were really surprised by the size of our room. Very spacious and clean  and a good view of the empire state building from our window. Also got a good night's sleep, beds very comfy. A bit out of the way but we were prepared for plenty of walking. The staff are great very helpful. The breakfast room small but you can take it back to your room and you can get free coffee 24hrs which is a plus. Plenty of pubs restaurants  on the streets behind this hotel.
bubble_50	me my wife and son stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April 2014 the weather was hot and sunny ANTHONY the concierge and all the staff were  excellent rooms are very clean and good size the hotel is in a excellent location  close to the empire state building time square and 5ave I would  recommend this hotel a excellent place to stay we had a great time in new York in good hotel     take  good walking shoes you will need them
bubble_30	This is an overall satisfactory hotel; not quite as nice as the website suggests so we were a little disappointed on arrival but it's clean and in a good location. I'm also not sure why it is advertised as a boutique hotel because apart from a small lobby there is nowhere else to hang around!!
bubble_50	Stayed here for 4 nights in March. A fantastic location right in the middle of all attractions. The staff were fantastic and very helpful. The rooms clean and spacious. We had a fantastic view of the empire state building. Hot drinks 24 hours. Breakfast was fine with a choice of fruit juice, bagels, toast etc. We arrived here by subway from the airport which was extremely easy and only a minute walk from the subway station to the hotel. They held our bags for us on our departure. Never felt unsafe at all near this hotel and there was always plenty of activity around day and night. Again a big massive thanks to the staff here who helped make it a fantastic stay. Cant wait to come back and will definitely be staying here again on our next trip to New York
bubble_40	This hotel is in a central location, there is a lovely deli if you come out and turn left ( the broadway cafe) the best maple pancakes I have ever had mmmmm.... All the staff are very friendly and helpful Anthony the concierge was wonderful lots of good tip on places to go etc, he also got us some great tickets to see jersey boys. Whilst there we also saw rocky this show is a must. Do not get the shuttle bus back to the airport from t he hotel the driver is rude and can not drive.
bubble_50	Good location, walking distance from Empire State, Times Square, 5th Ave etc. Anthony the concierge could not have been more helpful! Don't be put off by the local neighbourhood, some great cafes around!
bubble_40	Really enjoyed my stay here. Location was excellent and there were some great views of the Empire state building from my room, the room was nice, spacious and clean and the staff and concierge were always willing to do as much as possible for you, really friendly too! All in all an excellent place to stay if you are exploring the city for a few days!
bubble_30	This hotel is decent. That's really all there is to say about it. There's a continental breakfast included. It's clean, the location is fantastic and the price you can't beat. It's very affordable but you pay for what you get. The room was decent, but it was soooooo tiny! It's literally a closet size room, but what do ya expect in NY? Plus that's the type of city where you don't spend in your room much of the time. You are going to be about and about in the city! We definitely didn't have a view. Instead our view was a brick wall haha we def had a good laugh over that. If you want a low costing place to just sleep that's decent, this is a great hotel. If you want something a little more fancy and some place you can relax in at least a little bit of luxury, look elsewhere! The
bubble_40	We recently stayed in this hotel on our first visit to new York. The location is great, near all the attractions but not in the midst of all the noise and hussle and bussle. The rooms are a good size which apparently is unusual for NY. Other people have made  negative comments about the breakfast room. Yes, it is rather small for the size of the hotel and can get very busy but if there were no seats left when we got there we took the breakfast to our room. All the staff were friendly especially Anthony. He really does go the extra mile. He was friendly,polite,helpful and  has a wealth of knowledge that helped us have a really great trip. If you are looking for luxury this is not your place but if you are looking for a very very clean hotel with a great location and lovely staff
bubble_40	stayed here Monday to Friday arrived on St Patricks day had a great stay the staff are really friendly the room was lovely, the beds comfy, the tv huge, complimentary breakfast was a great surprise,  the view from our tenth floor room looked out on the Empire State Building what a fantastic way to spend your 50th Birthday.  Anthony the concierge was great he knew his city and knew all the good deals saved me and my daughter quite a lot of dollars, nothing was too much trouble even when my daughter was not well he went to the next door store and got her a can of drink to settle her tummy (small things mean a lot)   thanks for a great stay would book this hotel again great location
bubble_30	Beds was a little to hard! Breakfast room was to small! The location was perfekt you could walk to a lot of good sports af N.Y. We can think to get this hotell next time we wisit The Big Apple! Close to subway.
bubble_40	Stayed here two weeks ago and had a really great stay. The room on the ninth floor was big by ny standards with a huge television and two big beds. highlight, When we got to the room we had a fantastic view of the empire state building. My wife would have preffered a bath but had to settle for just a shower cubicle. The staff were extremely helpful and Anthony went out of his way to help us. The breakfast room is small but hey it is New york and space is limited everywhere. Very friendly and clean hotel. Would stay again.
bubble_50	We stayed here for seven night in March., for st Patricks day parade. There was four adults. My family had been to New York before I hadn't. The Hotel was lovely. Ideal location. Does not look much from the outside.  Looks really small. Lovely inside. Anthony the concierge could not do enough to help during our stay. He would confirm trips and transfers. He was happy to help giving us directions.It was quiet of a night in this area  so no noise when going to bed. The beds where really comfortable. Had a large bathroom, rooms cleaned every day. Complimentary breakfast was basic but nice. The wifi is free if you book direct with the hotel. Tea and coffee available 24 hours. Maceys. Empire State Building, Times Square are close by. Subway is also very close. I would deffianley stay
bubble_50	My family and I chose to stay at this hotel for our half-week trip to NYC. We were not looking for an extravagant hotel, nor did we want to stay in an uncomfortable place. The hotel was nice: simple breakfast, very short walking distance to convenience stores and subway stations, and manageable walking distances to tourist attractions in midtown. The room we got was surprisingly very spacious!  Anthony, the concierge, was superb. He provided all the necessary information and suggestions that a visitor might seek. Not only was he professional, but he was a very good listener. He even made phone calls to find out details or information. His responses were not generic but personalized to ensure that he was providing the best suggestions.  During our stay, we noticed at breakfast
bubble_50	We went to this hotel 10/2/14 for 5 days and had an amazing time hotel might not look much outside but inside is lovely , had room 1104 best room ever two big queen size bed and the best view of the Empire State Building , the staff are great Anthony at the door gets great deals on tickets for anything you need got us tickets to the phantom of the opera seats were awesome they also put on a complimentary breakfast
bubble_50	Great little hotel, close to everything. Had a view of Empire State. Lovely comfortable beds and duvets. Very clean. Safe in room. Plenty of hangers. Loads of plug sockets. Friendly and helpful staff especially concierge.  Couldn't fault it. Would definitely recommend.
bubble_50	We do not hesitate in recommending this hotel, we were more than pleased with it. Small, room only hotel, no bar or restaurant but do provide a first class complimentary breakfast of pastries, doughnuts, croissants, fruit, and bagels, tea and coffee. The tea and coffee is available 24 hours a day. Rooms are cleaned to a very high standard and beds are extremely comfortable. All the staff are extremely polite and helpful. If you book direct with the hotel the Wi-fi is free, and booking direct was also cheaper than through the comparison sites which is not normally the case. The position of the hotel is excellent with the main attractions all within a few minutes walk. We would certainly return to this hotel again. The manager, Scott should be extremely proud with the way he and
bubble_40	warm welcome upon arrival, not the most modern of hotels but very clean a tidy.  location is within easy walking distance of most attractions and there is a subway 2 mins away.  the area wasnt very busy in the evening , however we felt safe walking about.  breakfast was a help yourself affair which was good because it meant you could just go in your pjs if you wnated to grab a cuppa and a bagel).  would def go back there if i were to re visit new york!
bubble_50	This hotel was located in the Flatiron/wholesale district and convenient to public transportation.  It was within walking distance to Macy's and Madison Square Gardens. Area was deserted after shops closed but still felt safe walking on nearby streets (5th Ave is short block over).  Rooms were clean and comfortable; free breakfast was an added bonus with a good selection of pastries.  Best part of the hotel was the staff - especially doorman/concierge.  Extremely friendly and helpful with any questions and transportation.  Will plan to stay here next time in New York!
bubble_50	The staff were invested in NY and gave us good advice on eateries and timing for tourist attractions. They truly showed an interest in making our visit and my friend's birthday in NY the best we could have. All the staff were prompt on any requests and very friendly.  It was nice to have coffee and tea available at all times.  The room was roomy and very comfortable.
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I spent four nights at Broadway Plaza over the last week and loved it. I knew it would be nice from the reviews on here but it exceeded my expectations.   breakfast was simple,  but lovely. a great touch to have 24 hour free drinks. the room was extremely spacious, clean and comfortable and best of all, we had a view of the empire state building!  all staff we came across were both friendly and helpful. I'll definitely use broadway plaza again if I am ever lucky enough to revisit new york.  only slight problem is that the lifts can take a little while to arrive but that is a minor blip. this hotel is stunning.
bubble_50	Nice, clean, very good location, big rooms, helpful and friendly staff. Very good quality and price ratio. Breakfast is pretty modest (muffins basically), but coffee is available 24h (without charge). Wifi coverage is poor. But everything else is excellent, we were very satisfied.
bubble_40	my wife and I stayed here for four nights, the hotel is very clean, the staff friendly and knowledgable and the room we had had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building.  the hotel is within walking distance of Macy's and time square and their are underground stops near the hotel to get down town if needed.  Great value for money, would use again
bubble_40	Pretty good location, steps from NYC Subway that could get anywhere in town. Great service, prestative employees. Hotel received OK the package from an online order I've placed. Big rooms, very comfortable, heater working well. Lots of places to eat and shop on a short walking distance.  Coffee/Hot water available during all day which was very nice in that cold weather... lol. I would definetely go back to this place.
bubble_50	We dropped into NY for a weeks holiday - February 2014  Location - 4 minutes from Macy's and 10 from Union Square, couldn't have asked for a better location however there are some dodgy characters hanging around outside but the doormen make sure you're alright so no need to worry in the slightest as once you get 2 minutes up the road you're fine!   Room - Spot on couldn't fault it, everything was perfect the only wish i had was that the shower was a power shower but that's just me asking for something a little extra! They do need to look at the beds though as ours did have a slight dip in the middle of it!  Food - They have a bagel + pastrie service which you can help yourself to in the mornings for breakfast and they have some vending machines on the 7th floor!  Staff -
bubble_50	stayed here for 4 nights in November 2013. i had heard room sizes in new york are on the small side but ours was really large.  everywhere was spotless and the bed was so comfortable.  as mentioned in other reviews the breakfast room was cramped with not much choice so we only used on the first morning then went out for breakfast the other days.  the staff were really helpful, particularly the concierge and were glad to store our bags on our final day before picking them up and going to the airport.  just be aware we were asked to pay a deposit of $200 by card or $400 cash for incidentals e.g. movies or telephone use which wasn't mentioned anywhere in the booking process. i would definitely stay here again if i was lucky enough to return to new york.
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel for two nights at the end of January. Can't recommend it enough. Check-in was quick, staff were very polite, friendly and helpful. Room was HUGE with a most amazing view of the ESB - the best view I've ever had in an NYC hotel. Location is excellent on Broadway and a short stroll to Macys, 5th Avenue etc. Couldn't fault it. Didn't avail of breakfast. Would definately stay again!
bubble_50	Our first stay at this hotel. Found the hotel on the internet and was very happy with the rates and location. We arrived a bit early for check in and without even asking, they offered to take our luggage to their store area so we could get on with our day. Small touches like that make a huge difference in the long run.  The staff could not have been better. Very friendly and efficient. Our room was very clean, comfortable and well appointed. Location for us was good as it was within walking distance to locations we wanted to see as well as close to subways. We enjoyed the breakfast very much. And yes, the room was a bit small, but that is not a real concern. We WILL return to this hotel the next time we are in NYC. It will be our "home" in New York City. Give it a try....you
bubble_50	My boyfriend, another couple and myself spent our nights in New York City at this beautiful hotel. The pros definitely outweigh the cons. The elevators were a little slow and the breakfast room a little small. There was not much to choose from during breakfast, but those were the best bagels! The location was a little out of the way if you wanted to walk, but luckily the subway was only a block away. We were able to see the top of the Empire State Building from our window, but the rest of the surroundings weren't the prettiest of views, but as soon as you walk in the hotel it almost takes your breath away at how clean and beautiful it is. Many reviews included very good things about the concierge, Anthony. He was indeed very helpful and was able to answer any questions we had.
bubble_50	On first thoughts when we arrived, the hotel did not seem to be in the best area - down near Flatiron - but we were made to feel extremely welcome by the Consierge, Our bags were taken inside and up to our room.  Elevator was slow - but that's just a minor point.  We always felt safe walking the main streets at night - walking distance to Penn Station and Madison Square Garden along with all the attractions of Times Square.  Very impressed with the service of the doormen who always greeted us with a smile and asked about our days outings, obviously these people enjoy meeting people, not like some at other hotels.  We had a great room - lots of space plus a view of the Empire State.  Breakfast room was very small - only bagels and sweet pastries but Anthony recommended a
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I, along with another couple, stayed here Feb 17-21 and could not have been more pleased. Many of the previous reviews were accurate as far as the neighborhood looking a little rundown and a small breakfast room, but those still aren't worth a complaint from any of us. Yes the neighborhood is not quite as busy as other neighborhoods more uptown and walking at night was a little sketchy but none of us ever felt unsafe at all. Yes the breakfast room is small and its all pastry type items (bagels, donuts, cinnamon rolls), but they allow you to take your food to your room so it was never congested up there. Also they have complementary coffee 24/7 so that was nice on a late, cold night. But was really made this stay for us moreso than the clean, spacious rooms was
bubble_50	I stayed for 2 nights and was impressed with everything but the breakfast room.  Starting with the very attentive doormen and then the front desk staff, it was a five-star experience.  The elevator was a bit slow but the room was huge for NYC standards and well appointed with a large couch, a very large washroom and big screen TV.  The continental breakfast was a bit thin on selection, but clean and friendly.  I will stay there again.
bubble_50	My sister and I visited NYC for the first time last week, we were very happy with this hotel and would definitely go back there. We would also recommend it to anyone without question.  As soon as we arrived, we were made to feel very welcome by the Head Concierge, the lovely Anthony, who made our stay so much better because he is so friendly and helpful to all the guests. He recommended the best places to visit and secured discount tickets for us.  Obviously he was on commission, but he's a real 'people person' who'll always go the extra mile for the guests to make their stay happier and more comfortable.  Most of the reception staff and the other Concierges were very friendly and helpful too, the continental breakfast choices were adequate and very nice, and the hotel itself is
bubble_40	We are a family from Geneva, Switzerland and we stayed in this hotel from 30 January until 5 February 2014 in time with the Superbowl championship in NY.  The hotel is not so fancy no big lobby and has pantry for breakfast, but you can take your breakfast into your room.  The most important is the hotel has spacious room and clean, heating is fine as we stayed during the onset of the winter.  Location is accessible to shopping centres, Times Square and restos.  The concierge of the hotel - Anthony is a very pleasant guy who helped us organized our tour in NY, he is very helpful and accommodating.    I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking in the centre of the city.  I would definitely be back in this hotel.
bubble_30	We stayed here with my wife for 5-6 nights at late summer.  Service was very friendly here and the location is not bad at all if you like walking around the city. However the metro is close by.  Rooms were pretty basic but we could smell a little like someone was smoking inside the hotel.  Breakfast is a joke, but I guess at that level hotels they usually are in New York. So be ready to hunt some breakfast yourself if you don't like bad coffee and huge amount of calories.  For that price this hotel is not bad at all, even that the view is quite horrible - but you do see an Empire State Building from the windows..  I think next time we will test another hotel for our stay in New York
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and was very pleased. The location is perfect since it is only a 2 minute walk away from the subway station. The service we received at the main desk when checking in was amazing and the workers were always polite and helpful. As for the room, it was very spacious and clean. The only odd thing was that our room (on the 5th floor), which was a non-smoking room, was located on a floor with many other smoking rooms. The hallways would alway smell like cigarettes and weed, which was not very pleasant. Thankfully, we did not smell anything once we were inside. Furthermore, the walls sometimes felt like they were paper thin. There were people staying in the adjoining room and I could often perfectly hear their conversations, which became annoying
bubble_40	Went there just last week, had a late Check in around 9pm with no problems at all, Terrell in Reception is very nice, courteous and professional, i was given a Suite even though i booked a normal Room,NICE, the Rooms (Suites)are very Spacious,clean and comfortable with big screen TV's, Bathrooms are spotless and clean as well, my only issue was with my Doors, it seams like everytime a Neighbor went or came out the Door was Slammed, of course this is not the Hotels fault, i was located in the 5th floor with a classy view of the Empire State Building, on my second check i was in a normal Room in the 3rd Floor but still Spotless, clean and very nice only smaller, the Location is great if you want to be in the middle of the City. Overall the Hotels is Great, and i recommend it to
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week beginning of January. Upon arrival, head concierge Anthony was waiting outside the entrance and loaded our bags on to a trolley and took them up to our rooms for us. He also supplied some maps and few tips for a stay, this gave us a really warm welcome.   Room - 1003 - was great, fab view of the Empire State building and more than enough room for 2 people. Bed was comfy and bathroom was spotless. Maids came each day to make the bed and provide fresh towels, but were never a nuisance. My only 2 moans were that the TV worked intermittently, I believe that this was down to a cable upgrade, so may only been a one off thing a few days during our stay, but was still a little annoying. Also the bedroom doors are quite bulky, we had some really
bubble_50	This is my 3rd time to NYC but the first time I have been back in nearly 9 years. Also the first time I have stayed longer than 2-3 days.  This time around we did a lot of tourist things around the city.  I chose this place because it was the most reasonable place to stay in NYC that had 2 beds in the room. I needed 2 beds because I was travelling with my brother and we needed a bed each.  It seems in USA having two double beds you have to pay more rather paying according to the number of people using the room.  Which here in New Zealand paying twin share is normally the same price as paying for one bed.   We stayed here for 5 nights from 12 till 17 January. We were served by Tyrell at the front desk when we checked in. He was VERY approachable and helpful! This made such a
bubble_50	We stayed just for a night. We stayed in room 408. It was the perfect size for four adults. The service was excellent. Room service was delicious. It was a great location for quick sightseeing. They let us keep our luggage there as we roamed the city after check-out. We'd definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We spent six nights at the Broadway Plaza in December 2013.  We found the hotel to be very well located and we requested, and were given, a room with a view of the Empire State Building.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful, and very knowledgeable about sight seeing, things to do and recommendations of places to eat.  The room was clean, comfortable, quite spacious for NYC, The bathroom was spacious and clean.  The breakfast room is small but that is overcome with the fact that you can take your breakfast back to your room.   I have no complaints about this hotel and would stay here again.
bubble_30	We stayed for four nights in January '14; our fourth or fifth time at this hotel. We like the location, sizes of the rooms, and quiet neighborhood. It seemed that their standards have gone down a bit since our last visit about two-and-a-half years ago. Towels were low quality and scratchy. More Motel 6 speed. There were several small maintenance problems with the room; not enough to complain about but noticeable and mildly annoying. We did complain about the TV service which was spotty on two days of our stay. Turns out they were getting a cable upgrade. A couple of the newer desk clerks have yet to learn about customer service. Anthony, the doorman/concierge is still terrific.
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza Hotel is perfectly situated for a city break, we were able to take in all the sights from this perfectly situated hotel. Anthony the concierge was very helpful with advice on trips, how to get to places of interest and organising our transport when required, he along with his colleagues were brilliant. Our hotel room was spacious with 2 double beds, plasma TV and ensuite, which contained a shower with constant hot water, the maids kept the room clean and provided fresh towels daily. The only minor criticism is the breakfast room, which is very small, but to be fair I wasn't there for the breakfast, just a well located place to stay. Thanks to all the staff for making our stay a pleasant one, I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a sightseeing trip of
bubble_40	We stayed here for a week just before Christmas to celebrate our anniversary.  We booked the trip 9 months previously and mentioned when booking that it was our anniversary whilst there.  On arrival, the first comment from the desk staff was "happy anniversary".  Our room was on the 10th floor and had a great view of the Empire State Building.  No complaints regarding the room, very spacious, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was ok too and both room and bathroom were cleaned every day.  Very central hotel - we walked everywhere - up to Central park and down to the Statue of Liberty boat!  I think if I had been on my own and been returning in the late evening I may have felt a little wary but no problems really.  My only "niggle" if you like was the breakfast.  You had to go
bubble_50	Myself and family spent 6 days here in between Christmas and New Year. The staff especially Anthony were all fantastic-genuinely!!, I was taken  ill on the day before we left and I must thank Anthony very much for all of his assistance. We would definately return to the Broadway Plazza and would recommend the hotel without hesitation, only book direct with the hotel, see you soon guys and all the very best for 2014. The White Family UK.
bubble_40	Don't let the small entrance fool you - this is a great place to stay.  We had a huge room - two double beds, sitting area and large bathroom with a view of the Empire State Building right outside.  Staff was friendly and cleaning staff were thorough.  Great location near a subway stop and certainly close enough to walk to Times Square and Korea Town and shopping spots.  Breakfast was ok - only had it once over four days as it was only sweet stuff.  All in all, a great stay.  Area was fine.  Some reviews made me nervous but we would definitely stay here again, as it was great value for money.
bubble_50	Myself and a friend stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel from 14th until the 20th December. I would highly recommend this hotel for the following reasons:  Positives:  - Great view of the Empire state from our room (405) - Spacious bedroom and bathroom - a desk with pretty big TV - Gorgeously comfortable beds and pillows :) - Breakfast consisting of toast, pastries, tea and coffee etc which was 'complimentary' (and was certainly a surprise for us, so gave the hotel more bang for its buck so to speak - Walking distance to many things. As first time visitors to NYC, we decided to take a walk and see how far we got. Turns out that a stroll up to the Rockerfellar / the bottom of central park was fine (I don't know how long it took, but was a nice stroll) - Only 1 block away from a
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel over new year, and requested a room with a view - we were in room 1004, and weren't disappointed with a fantastic view of the Empire State building. The hotel has been modernised, the bedrooms are large and airy and spotlessly clean, the bathroom was clean and functional, but ours was not quite as modern as the rest of the building. We weren't sure what to expect from the breakfast, but we were really pleased with a wide selection of huge pastries, bagels, muffins and donuts, and the coffee was great - don't expect a fancy restaurant, there isn't one, it's more of a glorified kitchenette with a few tables, but never a problem getting food in the morning, and there's a tray in the room so you can bring food back to the room. If you google streetmap the
bubble_40	Visited this hotel on the 12th of december..check in was very quick..doormen were very kind and very willing to help any guests :) Got us out of the hold on that snowy saturday 15th december <3  Bathroom and room was adequate sized...water in the shower was very hot amazing after a seven and half hour trip to new york city!! Breakfast was served on the 4th floor only continental though..served bagels and donuts good enough for a hotel with only a bed and breakfast board. You could get hot beverages and juices whenever you wanted plus vending machines were on 7th so it was like home from home :) In a good location not far from  the famous 34th street and about ten to fifteen mins on foot to times square. Minutes away from macys department store and of course victorias
bubble_50	Great hotel, perfect location, one block from the subway, 5  mins from Flatiron, and 15 minute walf from 34th Street and the Empire State. No problems with the staff, very friendly, very helpful. Perhaps those who found them abrasive are just not quite used to the "curtness" which New Yorkers can have at  times, it may appear rude, but it isn't intended that way  Sure, I've stayed in more luxurious accomodation, but it had a bed, a TV, bath and shower, internet (not free), desk and room service. What more do you need ? All day free coffee and tea, and surrounded by places to eat. Really, for the price, you won't do better in the city.  Breakfast room is tiny, but we just took ours back to the room, you're served a selection of pastries, and bagels, fresh fruit and juices are
bubble_40	seeing afew bad reports on this hotel...dont know why!!!! just back from 4 days in ny me (33 and gf(26)...hotel itself is in a great location...staff cant do enough for you...and as for desk staff being rude or whatever...i found them all very pleasant and helpful...the bell men cant do enough for you too.....overall a great wee hotel...
bubble_40	We stayed here 17th-27th September 2013 on the first leg of our honeymoon from Ireland. It was booked by somebody else as a wedding gift and the payment verified before we left Dublin. However on arrival we were told that we needed the credit card in order to process the payment. Something we obviously didn't have. The staff were very polite and tried everything to resolve the matter. However we had the misfortune of dealing with a general manager (can't remember his name) who did not have any tact whatsoever ("I don't know how banking works in Ireland,but this is New York City" was one of his many ignorant phrases) we were forced to pay the bill in cash,which took a number of days and left us under a little pressure given that we weren't expecting it! A note to travellers,make
bubble_40	Stayed for 5days and even though we had no view of the empire state that wasn't an issue. Hotel very clean, quiet and wonderful, friendly and helpful staff.  The location couldn't be better... Between the empire state and the flatiron building. Very close to the subway too. Wasn't sure of the walk from the subway at night but needn't have worried.  Will definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.
bubble_30	I got a great rate on a room from Orbitz. One of the best rates on a hotel room in Manhattan that I have experienced in a long time. The room was clean and neat, obviously recently renovated. It was also bigger than most hotel rooms in New York City. The room was comfortable and offered everything you would want. The block that it is on is kinda boring. Not my favorite area of the city. But certainly not a bad area. Close to all transportation. If I got the same rate all the time, this place would quickly turn into my place to be in NYC.
bubble_40	Pluses - Great value, large rooms, very very comfy beds, fluffy towels, excellent room service, helpful concierge's....btw, hope the tip we gave Anthony was shared with all concierge's?!  Minuses - Lights by bed could only be turned on/off at switch by door, lighting over mirror in bedroom would be a big plus, breakfast best taken at nearby Deli's...Andrew's coffee shop a must! (round corner to Macy's on 35th St and 7th Ave). Good idea to take a cab after dark....happily walked to mid-town in the daytime, cabbed it back!
bubble_40	We arrived at about 8pm to check in. I have been to NYC many times so I know the city pretty well, however I can see for the first time visitor why this area might seem "unsafe". Be rest assured it's safe as long as you take the usual precautions you would take when being in a big city. The reception for the hotel is at the rear of the property, it's a strange design, but it is a symptom of NYC architecture. I had a previous issue with the front desk when I called the night before. Their rates had dropped dramatically since we had booked (over $100/night) and I was checking the address the night before our check in when I noticed this. When I called them to ask why this was, I was basically told tough luck. Cancellation policy is 48 hours prior to check in and that we would have
bubble_40	Booked a standard double but on arrival were allocated a "superior room" on the 3rd floor (no smoking rooms available - I had emailed a week or two in advance but they said it was allocation on arrival so couldn't guarantee).  Room was spacious, clean and with a large comfy bed, although the bathroom is a little dated so could use some modernisation.   Location is excellent for hitting the main attractions in Manhattan, within comfortable walking distance of Empire State, MSG, Rockefeller, Times Square, Grand Central etc. Subway station one block up town (28th/Broadway) handy for going downtown to financial district (9/11 memorial, Wall Street etc.)  The area looks a little rough at night but we never felt unsafe. I'm told that it was a "not great" part of the city a few years
bubble_40	First trip to New York and loved it. Stayed for 5 nights. Concierge Anthony was great, he helped us tickets for Ground Zero, boat trip and tickets for Chicago on Broadway. The hotel is in a great location. Would have liked room with view of Empire State Building but we weren't in the room for much of our stay so it wasn't a big deal. The breakfast was great and free! Would stay again
bubble_50	Rooms large, concierge was great at getting discounts on sights and theatre, directions etc.breakfast great,fresh croissants,  bagels, fruit, juices, etc Ice m/c .All staff exceptionally friendly and very helpful.very clean and right next to tube - yellow line.
bubble_50	I stayed here with friends recently for a week. The hotel is in a prime location (broadway 27th west) it is a 15 minutes walk to times sq, a few blocks from the glorious flat iron building, Macy's, penn station, Madison sq garden, Empire State Building and more!! The subway is also a block away should you want to use it. It is literally close to everything! The hotel was spotlessly clean, large modern rooms, comfy beds. And the staff are lovely. Breakfast is spot on (bagels/pastries/fruit/juices/Starbucks coffee) just enough to kick start your day! Coffee and tea are also available 24hrs per day with no extra charge.  Hair dryers and clothes iron in room (so no need to bring one), free use of safe in your room and fresh towels provided.  There are plenty of good restaurants and
bubble_50	This hotel is so convenient for most of the things that visitors want to see, and very reasonably priced for New York. The lobby is a little small but unless you intend spending lots of time in it then it is perfectly adequate.  Our room was very clean, spacious and the best thing was an amazing view of the Empire State Building from our bedroom window,  and we were able to walk a couple of blocks to actually climb to the top of it, it's that close !!The staff were very obliging and the consierge (we met 3 during our stay) were fabulous nothing was too much trouble for any of them.  The breakfast room is a little small but you can collect your meal as we did and take it back to your room.  If you request a room higher up then there is little noise considering you are in the
bubble_40	We were editing film for a recent fashion job in Manhattan..Flatiron district.  This hotel was great. The Doormen were so charming..as was the staff.  Very quiet and affordable..No wannabe fashion people lounging in the lobby cos there is not one..The only thing that was not good was the heat...It got very hot at night in our room..maybe we did not figure out the controls for temp. It is so central to everything.. We will stay there again when we go back to NY...
bubble_50	I stayed here with my girlfriend for the New York marathon and sightseeing for 7 nights. The rooms were big enough for the two of us and very clean and comfortable.   The rest of the hotel was literally a reception desk and the elevators. Not much to comment on really.  The breakfast room holds about 10 people, but we just got coffee and toasted bagels and took it to the room each day. Simple solution. I liked the fact you could get tea/coffee and chilled milk at any time of day. This came in really handy on marathon morning at 5am when I needed to milkify my pre-prepared race cereal.  Also this hotel is only half a block from a NQR subway so it was very convenient to get anywhere in New York and has a great cocktail bar one block north, the John Dory Oyster Bar
bubble_40	We chose this hotel because it is right in the place where you want to be, it's very clean, and our room was spacious, and nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff, the concierge people, we met three in the course of our stay on different shifts and all were excellent, often risking their lives to hail a yellow taxi in the middle of the road.! Although You would probably expect this hotel to be noisy providing you request a room on floor 7 or above you hardly notice it at all. Yes the breakfast room is small but trays are provided in  all rooms and you can take breakfast back to room to enjoy at your leisure.  If you book early enough and ask at the time of booking you may be really lucky and get a view of the Empire State Building from the bedroom window, as we did,
bubble_50	Brilliant location, excellent rooms, plentiful breakfast, superb service - especially concierge. What more can I say.   Breakfast room was small but we took our food and took it back to our rooms was fine as the rooms are so big. Thoroughly recommended and will definitely return
bubble_50	We would stay in this hotel again there was 3 of us in 1 room + had plenty of space. The breakfast room might not be the biggest but we just took our breakfast to our room. Staff + management are very friendly. We were near everything you could want. Times square is 15min walk away.maceys is even nearer
bubble_50	We stayed here from the 31 October for 4 nights. The hotel was lovely, very clean and ideally situated. However the main reason for wanting to leave a review is simply to praise the head concierge, Anthony who was fantastic. Without Anthony's help our stay would not have been so great, Anthony arranged most of our trips offered lots of advice and was generally very helpful, he is a real asset to the hotel. So thank you Anthony is you read this.
bubble_40	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 3 nights from 27th October.  Rooms are very large, beds are very comfortable, not sure why the previous customer felt that the bedsheets are as thin as tissue paper, we certainly did not find this the case.  There is a plentiful supply of clean towels and rooms tidied daily.  Breakfast was a variety of pastries & bagels which you can take to your room & unlimited tea/coffee/juice.  Location is excellent and central to all attractions, staff are courteous, helpful and friendly and couldn't be more accommodating. We requested and got an amazing view of the Empire State Building.  We can't recommend this hotel highly enough.
bubble_30	I travelled with my husband and my son (13 years,  measuring 1,70m ) and I asked for a triple room 2 king size beds. Instead we received 2 double beds whose width was 1,40 m. You can imagine the place I have to sleep! 70 cm ! I slept on the side and on the slice !
bubble_40	THis hotel is in a great location.  A 15 minute walk to Times Square, and our room on the 12th Floor overlooked the Empire State Building.  The room was a little on the small size for our liking but the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet and clean.  There was breakfast included each morning, but it was AWFUL!!  My husband and i decided to have breakfast elsewhere each morning instead and we are definitely not fussy eaters.  If you are choosing this hotel just because it does breakfast, don't bother.  The staff however are very friendly and the hotel is comfortable.
bubble_50	We received a very warm welcome from the staff at the Broadway Plaza which continued throughout our stay. The room was enormous by New York standards and we were more than impressed. Our daughter who is now a New Yorker commented on the size and standard of the room and wished she had stayed there during last years Hurrican Sandy when her apartment was flooded and she had to move out. The last review in my opinion could not be further from our experience. The bedclothes were fresh and bright, the lighting was good and the bathroom large and very clean and well equipped, but then i don't expect everyone else to pander to my every need!!. The aircon was a godsend and who needs remote controls when all you have to do is turn a dial.  The breakfast is "as it says on the tin". There
bubble_10	A few comments on my stay: 	The bed sheets are as thin as tissue paper  this makes it near impossible to have a comfortable nights sleep.  	The remote control for the air conditioner machine did not work. This is something that should have been caught and corrected before it became an inconvenience for the guest.  	The lighting in the hotel rooms is anything but pleasant. My bathroom actually had light bulbs of different brightness. Even with the different light bulbs of different brightness, there was not enough light to see myself completely in the mirror.  	The hotel did not provide hair conditioner, only shampoo.  	The hotel felt more like a motel than anything else.  	The water pressure in my room was absolutely pathetic. It took five minutes to wash the shampoo
bubble_50	My daughter and I have just returned to the UK after spending 5 nights in New York staying at this hotel. It is situated on the corner of Broadway and 27th which is about 5 minutes from Flatiron Building and about 15 minutes from Empire State Building.   We used the Airtrain and subway from JFK, (followed instructions on Broadway Plazas website) so were happy that the nearest subway was a two minute walk from the hotel. Hotel is quite small  only 69 rooms, but helpful, polite staff  special mention for Anthony who was always ready to help and advise on where and how to get to places and he also booked our return to the airport by minibus.  The room was clean and modern with the maids in every day ensuring the room was clean and linen changed. We had twin Queen beds which were
bubble_40	Just back from a five-day trip to New York City and when we booked, we wanted something central. This hotel's location is very good, on Broadway, one block away from a Metro station and close to many sights. We chose a family room and it was very spacious, plenty of room for everyone and luggage. The bathroom is quite large as well and it was all very clean. The front desk and concierge staff were very helpful and efficient. We were able to do our flights check-in and print our boarding passes using the hotel's computer at not extra charge. The breakfast is located in a small room and gets very busy. It is there mainly for convenience with various hot drinks and fruit juices and selection of cakes and bagels. Most people were coming to pick their breakfast up and taking it to
bubble_40	Stayed at this hotel whilst visting New York.  Had a family room which was spacious.  Had 2 double beds, and good size bathroom.  Hotel is on Broadway about 1 mile down from Times Square.  Good location overall as only 10 mins walk to Penn Station, Grand Central Empire State building.
bubble_40	We stayed here for 4 nights in October, we liked the hotel, the rooms were better than we expected. Good location for all the attractions. Anthony the doorman was brilliant, giving us lots of helpful information. The breakfast was fine, the eating area was small but it wasn't a problem to take food back to the room. The only drawback was that we were on the front of the hotel on the 3rd floor (we had requested a high room but weren't given it)and as the subway runs along the front the noise of the trains did make it difficult to get a good night's sleep. Earplugs were needed.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights in October with a group of girl friends. The location is excellent and you are central for all major New York attractions. Easy walking distance to the Empire State, Times Square, 5th ave etc.  The staff are fantastic. Warm welcome and couldn't help enough. Special mention to Anthony the doorman who assisted us no end.  The room was great, 2 large comfortable double beds, clean,simple decor. The bathroom however wasn't great, the shower was no more than a trickle and the suite was tired and dated. The hairdryer was also a joke. 4 girls trying to get showered and ready to go out in that bathroom was a military operation. When we booked we also requested an Empire State view, which we didn't get but weren't too bothered as the hotel was purely a base as we
bubble_40	Stayed here for a week in September 2013 and found it to be a very nice hotel.  Our room even had an amazing view of the Empire State Building.  Situated on the corner of Broadway and 25th Street, this hotel is conveniently located in Manhattan and very close to a subway station.  The only thing I'd add to these reviews is to be aware (as you are told at check-in) that the breafast is LIGHT.  No cooked food or cereal either.  Provided are tea, coffee, juice, and an assortment of large bagels, muffins, doughnuts and the like.  The breakfast area is pretty small so space can be an issue but you can usually sit down as many guests opt to eat in their room.  There is no restaurant in this hotel and although no free wifi either, there are lots of places where you can get online for
bubble_30	This hotel has a great location. The rooms are fine, but there was a lot of noise from the street. The breakfast was terrible, if I could even call it a breakfast. Just some bread with jam. Would never pay extra for that. Great service from the reception.
bubble_50	we booked this hotel because of the reviews on tripadvisor and it was exactly as most described it. when you arrive you might be in for a bit of a worry as the entrance is small, the reception area dark. however, we were then extremely pleasantly surprised to see the size of the room. being used to city centre hotels in london or paris or dublin we didn't expect much but the room was extremely comfortable for our 5 nights stay in NY. Location is ideal with a lot of attractions within walking distance and the subway 28th Street less then 5min walk away. The complimentary breakfast was ideal as we just grabbed a coffee and then got started with our site seeing early before the queues. all the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. would definitely recommend this hotel
bubble_50	My wife and i recently stayed for five nights at this hotel. It is situated on the corner of Broadway and 27th which is about 5 minutes from Flatiron Building and in uptpown direction 15 minutes from Empire State and Penn Station walking.  so great location with subway only literally 1/2 minutes walk. Hotel is relatively small but great and helpful staff and most importantly clean modern rooms with the maids in every day early ensuring room was crisp and clean. Small breakfast room on floor 4 with about 4 tables only but you can collect breakfast and take to room if all tables full. Complimentary Breakfast included starbucks coffee and tea as well as juices and huge range of pastries muffins bagels etc which were always toppep up as well as toaster for bagels etc. At other times
bubble_50	Great hotel in central location. Easy to get to all the main attractions. Complimentary breakfast was great we just grabbed tea and bagels each morning and eat them in our room which was perfect before setting out for a day on the hop on hop off bus. Concierge are extremely polite as was all the staff there make sure you go to the roof top bar on 5th avenue think it was called 230 on 5th the concierge told us about it, apparently it's one of new yorks most famous roof top bars and it was just down the road from the hotel it is so cool and set on the 20th floor, bit expensive for a glass of lager but we'll worth the visit and it overlooks Empire State Building. The area around the hotel has a lot of tramps sleeping on the pavements which can be a bit daunting when you first
bubble_40	Excellent location, clean and spacious rooms but most impressed with the highly professional, helpful and friendly staff.  Thank you so much for helping to make my city break so fantastic.  Would highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	After a dismal, expensive cab ride from Newark airport, we arrived outside the unimposing Broadway Plaza Hotel. The narrow, dingy entrance did, however, give way to a small but efficient lobby and concierge area and lifts to the hotel floors. The room floors were much better and the rooms themselves were very good - our room had a view of the top of the Empire State Building which was lit up in red, white and blue as it was Labour Day when we arrived. Cabs and the subway were easily accessible and the hotel is about 1 mile south of Central Park (via 5th Ave). Breakfast is in a tiny room on the 4th floor and is only tea/coffee/juice and breads/pastries - we took ours back to our room. Good Starbucks and Sweet Green (restaurant) over the road so a good base for our New York stay.
bubble_40	So I booked this hotel for a weekend getaway with my wife and had no idea what to expect. We pulled up and it doesn't look like much from the outside other than one small doorway. The area is fine during the day but at night it seems a little sketchy. As a side note around the corner there is a great coffee place called Stumptown. Back to the hotel...the rooms are clean, really nice and roomy for NY. We were on the 8th floor and had a gorgeous view of the Empire State Building all lit up red out our window. We never checked out the free breakfast in the am but the hotel was very quiet and nice. We were hanging in the city for the day and they offered to hold our bags for us which was nice. Definitely recommend this hotel. It was nicely priced in this area. Don't hesitate.
bubble_50	Excellent staff helpful. Hotel very clean we had room on fourth floor excellent view of Empire State Building . Breakfast on fourth floor room small but we solved that by takin a tray and going back to our room . Hotel in good position for getting to Times Square Empire State Building and plenty more. Would recommend this hotel if you staying in New York first time . Will definetly return to this hotel on my next trip to New York . Great place.
bubble_40	It is a nice hotel on Broadway several blocks downtown from Times Square. From our bedroom window a fantastic view of the Empire State Building WOW. The staff in general are friendly and helpful. You can walk to just about everything if not take a yellow cab it's an adventure. Breakfast in the hotel is in a littl room on the fourth floor however there is plenty for all and it is kept well stocked with fresh items throughout breakfast. The room itself was not too big but the bed was very comfy and sleep came easy. The hotel is quiet it is well lit and clean. It was a good stay in New York and will stay at this hotel again.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights and had a wonderful experience. From stepping into the hotel all staff were very friendly and helpful, everyday would say hello and offer you advice for exploring NYC.   Our room was on the 12th floor which gave us a spectacular view of the Empire State Building. Room was a good size, always clean and was perfect for a base to explore the city. Beds were comfy and there was no noise from the outside. It was fantastic there was air con, as when we were in NYC the temperature was in the high 80s low 90s! Really needed it at night!!  The breakfast was good, bagels, muffins, donuts, coffee and juice was mainly what you got. The room was small, but luckily we were never really in it when it was busy. Most days we just got up, grabbed a coffee and something
bubble_40	Excellent location, close to the subway and in the middle of everything, view of the Empire State Building from the room window is awesome and impressive. Room where the breakfast is served could be bigger
bubble_40	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza August 24 - 27.  Selected it because of price, location and Trip Advisor Reviews.  It was great.  Our room was clean and spacious by New York City standards.  Two queen beds, a large bathroom and a great view of the Empire State Building.  Found that we could walk everywhere from great location near Union Square.  Staff was friendly and professional.  When elevator wasn't working and we had 4 HUGE bags to get downstairs, front desk manager said "That's not your problem.  That's our problem."  We'll take care of it.  And they did.  Starbucks abound in the neighborhood.  Also found my way to Eataly . . . which was amazing.  Left my youngest in NYC to begin freshman year at NYU.  I will happily stay at this hotel when I go to visit!
bubble_40	Hotel and accommodation was pleasant. Not to happy hotel had a mix of non smoking and smoking rooms on the same floor. Would have preferred as requested a non smoking room. Breakfast was reasonable. Location was perfect and would consider staying there on future trip. Staff was very helpful
bubble_50	Broadway Plaza Hotel was a wonderful hotel to stay in thanks to friendly staff, spacious rooms and great services. I was travelling to New York on my own and I stayed for four nights at Broadway Plaza and it was perfect. I stayed on the fourth floor and had no problem getting to sleep in the comfortable and quiet surroundings. The rooms had plenty of space and storage room and the cleaning staff did a wonderful job day in/day out. The rooms look exactly like the photos on their website. Despite the insufferable heat the rooms had A/C, which was a god send. The wi-fi was great, you paid about $10 a day for two devices it but you get exceptionally fast internet speeds with no downtime. The hotel is one block from a subway line and there were plenty of transport options available.
bubble_40	I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel over Labor Day weekend. When I arrived, I was surprised to see just a small door that led to a hallway. With hotels, I normally expect to walk right into the lobby. Anyhow, the lobby was a little further back in the building (I attribute this to the logistics of NYC construction) But we had a great experience here and every employee was very polite, friendly, and professional. I was impressed with the fact that when I had them check my luggage before checking in and after checking out, I was asked on both occasions if my party needed the bathroom key card. A small but nice gesture.  The room was clean and was one of the largest hotel rooms I've stayed in. Not just in NYC but anywhere! We booked a junior suite with 2 large beds and we had
bubble_50	Stayed here for 2 nights. Hotel staff were very friendly and efficient. Room was very spacious for New York . We had two queen beds which was ideal for us and our teenage son. We were very lucky to have a fantastic view of the Empire State Building and loved pulling the curtains every morning to be greeted by this great iconic NY Symbol. The room was extremely quiet with no street noise, the last hotel we stayed in in NY we constantly use to hear sirens etc. all night long but not a sound from this hotel. The breakfast buffet was fine for us and we have now developed a love of bagels. Yes, the breakfast room is small but you take it back to our room to eat. The breakfast meant we could start the day as soon as we left the hotel and didn't have to waste time looking for a
bubble_40	The room was a little small with only a queen bed and very little space but the view out of the window was excellent and made up for this fact. The empire state building and chrysler building were clearly visible from the window, especially seen as we were on the 12th floor. The building itself is very small and the lobby especially so. We didn't eat the breakfast as it was busy and very limited in choice but nice to have it as an option. The concierge/door staff were excellent we really couldn't fault them. The lift to the upper floors did have a problem one evening but they managed to get a replacement part by the next day so we only had to walk the extra 5 floors the once! The location was very reasonable too with a large number of taxi's passing by regularly so we had no
bubble_40	I stayed here in February, and I went back in March because I scored David Letterman tickets. I got a smaller room this time, with a queen bed only. This room was modern, updated and clean. I could see the Empire State Building outside of our window. As I expected, the breakfast room was crowded, bur we brought it back to our room, no problem. The doorman hailed us a cab, because after our drive we literally had minutes to get to the theater. I gave him a small tip, and he was very gracious and thankful. I have made reservations to come back in December. The prices are higher as this is the most expensive time in NYC, but the value for this hotel is wonderful. I almost want to keep it a secret! 3 times in one year for a hotel is a lot for me, but it is within my budget
bubble_30	The rooms are very comfortable and clean. The "lobby" and entrance are very small, and the breakfast "area" has room for no more than 10 people, and without aircon, it becomes VERY crowded and stuffy.  Location is good, although the walking distance from Time Square is not as easy as presented. Our room was not cleaned one day, but management immediately attended to it after our request.  The lifts are VERY slow.. Overall a good stay.
bubble_40	Located on Broadway makes this hotel initially seem like its in a busy, crowded, undesirable location when the truth is it is just a block away from 5th Ave., Gramercy, and some of the best neighborhoods and restaurants in Manhattan.  As long as you don't require an attractive facade and a large lobby,this place can easily do the trick for a decent price in NYC which is not something most hotels in Manhattan can say.
bubble_30	Very small lobby with friendly staff. The breakfast room was not good. Too small and crowded and with limited breakfast options. All in all, a good value for money hotel centrally located in New York.
bubble_50	My family planned a last minute trip to New York, so I was searching for a nice hotel only a few days before we were due to arrive.  I didn't want to spend a lot of money, yet I wanted something that could accommodate 2 adults and 2 kids.  Found the Broadway Plaza Hotel and decided to take a chance based on the reviews. Sure glad we did!! It's located in a good location on Broadway, there's a subway station right around the corner (and the hotel is 3 stops from Times Square), and enough places to eat around the hotel (their's a pizza place right next door that has really good pizza!).    We were lucky to get a junior suite, which was HUGE.  Two very comfortable queen beds, a sitting area with a couch and 2 chairs, another sitting area with a desk and a table with 2 chairs, and a
bubble_50	We stayed at Broadway Plaza for 4nights and loved everything about it! The rooms are large by New York City standards, decorated with current style and very clean. We were fortunate to have a great room, with a view! Empire State building was right outside our window! Breakfast is basic, but who cares, your in NEW YORK CITY!!! Coffee, juice, hot chocolate, tea and pastries like crosaunts and bagels were perfect to get us going in the morning. Staff are very friendly throughout our stay, and go the extra mile (even after you leave!!!)  We left a few items in our room when we left, the hotel was prompt to call us and find out what we wanted to do. We decided to ship our stuff back to Canada. We thought we set up all shipping arrangements and left for an other week of vacationing
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great location- not far from Macys and Times Square, subway close by. There were lots of delis nearby one opposite Macys and another in the next street where we grabbed lunch cheap to go. The concierge Tony was fantastic- he was so helpful and a fountain of knowledge, nothing was too much trouble. free wifi. The breakfast was ok- my kids liked it, mainly croissants and muffins etc,  but we just took some fruit to eat in our room. Our rooms were really spacious and clean. I was impressed and would stay here again and recommend it to friends. I would have liked a hotel with a bar so that I could have a glass of wine after a long day but we were travelling with our 3 kids and we were all exhausted sight seeing in the heat and crawled to bed!
bubble_50	Stayed 5 nights 19th-24th May. This hotel is absolute beauty, fantastic location just on broadway 27th street with great access to all the mail attractions that one would want to visit while in NYC. The rooms are very spacious, clean and have a safe to keep valuables in, the only negative really is the breakfast area is very small but has everything to kick stary your day and you are able to take back to your room. Will be coming back next year.
bubble_50	We had a suite on the 6th floor with an amazing view of the Empire State Building the room was large and very clean.  The hotel from the front and the area looks sleazy but boy once inside brilliant hotel with friendly staff and doorman who was exceptional and would help you out with any questions.   Never felt unsafe day or night lots of shops selling cheap luggage and perfume by the hotel.  Close to Penn Station, Madison Square Gardens and Times Square in fact we did a lot of walking and so glad we did as we found it the best way to see New York we even walked to Central Park about an 45 min walk.  Apart from Downtown everything was walkable and really hard to get lost.  Internet is $9.99 we did buy this a couple of times just to check up on work back home internet was for 24
bubble_40	The room was perfect, with a great view of the city (12th floor). Very quiet, that was a nice surprise! and the staff was adorable and very helpful! Perfect location too! The breakfast situation was a little sad...but you have some great places all around the hotel! I would definitely go back!
bubble_50	The hotel was fantastic, a great location at the heart of New York City. Close to major transport routes, the hotel provides excellent service with friendly staff who are always willing to help, if they don't the answer they'll know someone who does.There assistance on check-in and out was brilliant, doing in a timely manner. The room was of a high standard and breakfast was also good.  I would recommend to a friend and will certainly stay again
bubble_40	This place is a hidden gem if you're looking for big, clean rooms in a central location at a low price.  It's across the street from the trendy NoMad Hotel and a block from the Ace, where there's a Stumptown Coffee shop for a morning fix of caffeine, and a ten minute walk to Penn Station.  Main subway and bus lines are only a block away.  It's not fancy and there's no scene in the tiny lobby, but the staff is friendly and everything is very clean.  A simple breakfast is provided, although we didn't try it.   I've stayed at lots of hotels in NYC, including the NoMad across the street, and the Broadway Plaza is one of the best value/location I've experienced.
bubble_40	Just back from New York having stayed in this hotel. It is very central and almost everything is within walking distance. The rooms are quite spacious by New York standards No free wifi but there is free wifi in all the big stores and all the Starbucks. I would definitely stay here again if I was returning to New York, however New York has become so expensive for food, accommodation and drinks that I don't think I'll be rushing back. The free breakfast and coffee is a nice touch in the hotel. Night view of Empire State Building from room was really nice.
bubble_50	Broadway Plaza is a great hotel in a great location it's close to all the best bits in New York. We enjoyed our stay,the staff are excellent and really helpful. My only gripe was wifi was $9.99 plus taxes for 24 hours! I really think this should of been free to be honest. Would definitely stay again though hopefully wifi will be free by then!
bubble_40	Booked through a travel agent in the UK. Staff very friendly and helpful, location couldn't be better - one block from the Subway (N and R trains) and one block from 5th Avenue for shopping. Room 608 very large, clean, all facilities. Initially disappointed that room didn't have a view of the ESB, we slept really well as we were at the back and not facing Broadway. Yes breakfast room is a little small but clean and adequate for a quick bite in the morning. Oh and the block opposite is a roof top bar with STUNNING views of the Empire State Building!!   Would definitely recommend and would stay there again. It would have got an "excellent" rating if it had free Wi-Fi but this is probably just a small gripe and there's a Starbucks across the street with Wi-Fi. All in all, very
bubble_50	Booked this hotel through Trip Advisor, and was only interested in Aussie reviews, because then my expectation will be realistic.  I was pleasantly surprised with the size of our room, it was very adequate for two people, a great view of the Empire State Building, and very well located close to restaurants, and coffee shops, and could easily walk to Time Square.  The subway was just outside the door over the road and is a fabulous means of transport. The staff were very obliging and friendly.  complimentary tea & coffee 24/7, ice and drink vending machine available, and a basic continental breakfast was also included, great value for money.
bubble_40	We recently stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel during a long weekend in NYC.  The hotel was recently renovated and the rooms are very nice.  Staff is very helpful and accommodating.  Although the block of Broadway the hotel is on is a little less than desirable, the next block down is very nice.  The hotel is in a great location that is very central to all of the different areas of the city.  Was very happy with my stay.
bubble_50	We recently stayed for 3 nights.  The location was good, the room was clean and the staff was exceptional.  The breakfast room is small as described in other posts but it was a useful space.  Best to get your food and head back to the room or nearby Madison Square Park.   It is not in the busiest part of NYC which is very nice.  Delightful stay.
bubble_50	I have just recently returned from a week in New York and have to say I could not fault anything about this hotel. for us it was a perfect location, it was a quieter area but  with only a 20 minute walk from Times square and plenty of other attractions  we couldnt of asked for a better location and it ment that you arent kept awake with the hustle and bustle through the night. The staff at this hotel were very helpful, the concierge couldnt do enough for you and answered any questions we had as well as helping us with find locations easily. The rooms were spacious and imaculately clean, maids came in everyday to clean and bring in fresh towels. The room included a large flat screen telly, iron and ironing board, an in room safe which was very handy. The bathroom was slightly
bubble_50	stayed for 4 nights from 26th may to the 30th. Great situation close to times square , empire state ect. Amazing Staff that were very welcoming and polite. Breakfast was nice with wide variety. Our room was nice a spacious and very clean with tv, two double beds and bathroom. Overall I would recommend this hotel and I would most defiantly stay again
bubble_50	We've just returned from a 4 night stay at this gem of a hotel.  From the first moment we set foot inside the hotel we were made to feel welcome and special, nothing was too much trouble for the staff.  The breakfast room is rather small but we had no trouble getting a table everyday and the pastrys on offer were huge!! Our room had 2 double beds with a TV and a safe, it also had a large bathroom.  All were very clean.  An added bonus was that it had an amazing view of the empire state building. Antony the concierge was lovely and sorted out tickets for trips for us, again nothing was too much to ask.  The doormen team were always there to open the door and welcome you back after a long and busy day.   A special mention needs to go to the doorman who stood outside in the
bubble_50	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the hotel - it was a comfortable, clean hotel and the staff were all very helpful and efficient - nothing was too much trouble for them. The hotel was about a 20 minute walk from Times Square and we could see the Empire State Building from our room. Would thoroughly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	The room-to-price ratio is pretty good for Manhattan.  Good size bathroom, but the tub and shower area is a bit small.  It feels clean and the staffs were very friendly and helpful.  Really great location too, easily accessible by subway metro.
bubble_40	is a small, but charming, the whole service is correct, is clean and has a good price to spend a weekend in NY. The breakfast room is small but the food is good, the JUMBO DONUTS improve what's on the buffet. I recommend it.
bubble_50	This small hotel looks as though it has just been renovated. The room we had was huge (we were on the second floor). Everything was clean, including the beddings and the carpet. A large tv screen was also between the two double beds.The staff was very friendly. A free breakfast is included in the rate (doughnuts, bagels, orange juice and coffee). The rates are very good : we paid 220$ a night during the week end. From this location, you can easily walk to Time Square and to many points of attraction. What more can you ask for in New York ?
bubble_40	Small little hotel but spacious rooms. Doorman at the door always willing to hail a cab. Not a lot of sitting space in the breakfast room but they didn't mind us taking breakfast back to the room. Elevators a bit slow. We would have stayed again last year but our flight was cancelled due to the hurricane. The hotel was great about not charging us anything even hours we had to cancel with less than 24 hr notice.
bubble_40	The suites are large, very clean, well maintained, with spacious single sink bathrooms. The "extras" are limited, no hair conditioner, low quality hair dryers, no bathroom fan extractor, but an iPod clock is there in your room, a fridge thankfully uncrowded by hotel smalls (alcohol), and a large TV if you need a break from NYC nightlife. The concierge is great, but don't expect knowledgeable desk staff at night. They push their contracted food supplier if you ask them for "take out" advice, but you can order from anywhere that delivers. Deliveries can be made online only (as well as by phone to other places), but you pay 10$ a day for Internet access. Our access came in at 1-2 bar strength (dial up equivalent) and required a call to the ISProvider for technical assistance. As
bubble_50	This hotel is a gem! Located in an up and coming neighborhood, the Broadway Plaza was a perfect place to stay. A doorman is usually there to greet you and the front desk staff is very friendly. They have a nice continental breakfast with fresh bagels, croissants, and other pastries. VERY clean which was a nice surprise. It looked like they were doing minor renevations as we were getting ready to leave so it may be getting even better!!!
bubble_50	I was skeptical about finding an affordable hotel in NYC that was near the theater hosting the reading of my dancical "Jitterbug!" when I discovered the Broadway Plaza through TripAdvisior. It's not that big-- it's entrance is just a single glass door with a doorman (two people trying to get through at the same time requires walking sideways :)-- but it makes up for its modest exterior with superior accommodations and a friendly and helpful staff. Once inside, you have a long and narrow hallway to the front desk off to the left and two elevator banks to the right. Any doubts about having made the right decision about booking the place begin to vanish with the efficient front desk folks. Seeing our large hotel room with two double beds and a flatscreen TV began to encourage the
bubble_40	Hi myself and five others stayed at the broadway plaza in  New York. Once booking it I was a bit worried as I hadn't heard great things. But when arriving I was pleasantly surprised. Someone came to get our bags as soon as we stepped out of the taxi. All 3 rooms were so spacious. My mums room had no view at all and they could hear the lift, but mine and my nans room were fine, no noise at all. And we had the most amazing view of the Empire State Building, it was stunning! The hotel was clean, staff were friendly. Breakfast was good if you like cakes. There were 4 small tables to sit and eat breakfast but u can take a tray to your room which was fine. Good location. If I went back to NY I would stay there again!
bubble_40	Good location, nice view from my window!! Room is nice and bright!!  Only one negative review, there wasn't Micro in room!!   I was on 7th floor and in that floor there are food and drink machines 24 hours!! Very good!!
bubble_50	Would recommend this hotel perfect location clean and great staff.the hotel was central to everything Empire State Building could be seen from our window the fee breakfast was excellent you could walk to time square from here and Macy was just round the corner would stay there again
bubble_50	Our family stayed at the Broadway Plaza recently. We had two rooms, one with a King Bed, and one with two beds. We'd seen their pictures online, but the hotel actually looked nothing like their pictures. Apparently the hotel had been renovated - which made our stay even better than expected. The lobby was a bit small, but functional and the hotel staff was very helpful and friendly throughout our stay. In the lobby, hallways, and rooms we had, there was some really cool artwork. The rooms were just great! Very spacious, clean, comfortable beds, beautiful furniture, great TV with a lot of channels, free wifi, and everything looked new. The free daily breakfast was a nice, convenient touch. We will definitely stay here again and highly recommend the Broadway Plaza.
bubble_40	first sight not great from outside reception staff lovely Anthony (conceirge) was so nice room clean  very clean room service excellent view was great of empire state building tea/coffee 24hrs was so welcoming breakfast really good only down point was the lifts very noisey in our room
bubble_40	Went to NY for business and tried to find and affordable and clean hotel. This hotel met the expectations plus the free breakfast. It's not the best breakfast but with bagels, pastries and decent cafe has the essentials to start the day. The surprise was the bathroom, better than expected. Room was clean and the staff very polite and helpful.  The location is excellent. I gave four because of lack of a fridge in the room, the entrance that is very narrow, and the space for breakfast small.
bubble_30	Ok, the area is a bit seedy. But you can't beat the price, if you don't mind walking a bit to get to your destination. I booked this room for a spur of the moment girls getaway. It was a shot in the dark, but I knew it was only one night. Free breakfast, fresh pastery and bagels were very good. The room was spacious and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful. We walked to Rockefeller Center in the morning, then shopped on 5th avenue. Than we took a 10.00 taxi to Canal St., and a fairly inexpensive taxi back to the hotel. You can't beat the price, considering parking was also included, one block away, for 25.00. I am usually a chain hotel person, but would definitely stay here again, was pleasantly surprised. The decor is a bit dated, but who stays in the hotel for long in
bubble_30	Other reviews are fairly accurate- the rooms are large and the beds comfy enough but the decor is pretty shabby especially in the bathroom, and the room was very dark. The 'breakfast room' is very small and claustrophobic.  You have to queue to toast a bagel and then juggle it back to your room because there are only about 4 or five tables with a few chairs.  The neighbourhood was a little intimidating on the first night but we got used to it!
bubble_30	Hotel was clean, rooms are o.k. The location is convinient but the neighbourhood is not very nice, expecially when you a female and traveling alone. Coming back to the hotel late evening was a little disturbing for the "people" hanging around in the neighbourhood. Breakfast was ok although the "breakfastsroom" is a farce. It is a windowless "Chamber" with two tables not very inviting to start your morning. Would not go back there
bubble_50	I found the Broadway Plaza on Kayak. I then read all the reviews that were posted on Tripadvisor. They were all on the mark. Room was spacious and immaculate, large soft towels, comfy beds, shower head was high(I'm tall so that is important to me) with plenty of pressure. Breakfast is available from 7-10 am which includes fresh pastries and bagels, brewed coffee, fresh fruit and juices. Room for eating is small but has tables.  Hotel is within walking distance from Penn station and really close to a subway stop which means easy access to everything in NYC. When I booked the room I specifically asked for 2 beds and a quiet room. Room wasn't ready when we arrived so we left our things locked up in their storage. We returned around 10:30 pm and checkin went smoothly. Reception said
bubble_50	Finding an affordable room in Manhattan is virtually impossible.  I thought this place was too good to be true.  It's in a tall tower with a tiny front entry.  Sure it's not fancy when you walk in but the service was immediate and friendly.  The room was immaculate.  The slightly dated bedspread and curtains reminded me of staying in my great aunt's extra room.  Still, I couldn't believe how much room there was to move around IN the room.  There's space to hang your clothes, lay out your suitcase, use the desk, kick off your shoes.  The bathroom was also clean.  I'm not a big fan of hotel toiletries and almost never use them.  The soap was a little rough so I stopped at Walgreen's and picked up some sample travel items. I only used housekeeping every other day (was there five
bubble_40	Spent 4 very pleasant nights here in July 2012. Check in was smooth and easy and we were shown to a large room with a view of the Empire State Building. Room was very comfortable, clean and whilst the fixtures and fittings could be more modern the room was perfectly pleasant. We tried on our first morning to go to the small breakfast room, but it was very busy and we weren't massively tempted by the stack of pastries so we didn't bother again. The vending machines were useful though for late night drinks and snacks. I echo what other reviewers say about the slow lift to the upper floors but only a minor annoyance.  The location is very good - turn right out of the hotel and you're a few minutes from the flat iron building, and it is really convenient for the subway making it a
bubble_20	I spent four nights at the Broadway Plaza during the coldest week in January.  Even though this hotel is located 1 block from the subway, the rooms are huge - there are actually 2 beds - it's clean, and there is a free, continental breakfast, our room was FREEZING COLD!  When the maintenance guy came to look at the room to "fix" the problem, the only thing he did was add extra insulation to prevent the wind from blowing in the room.  He did bring a space heater which took some time to warm up and heat the room.  However, it kept turning off in the middle of the night.  It's not fun waking up to an ice cold room.  Since there were no other available rooms, we were stuck with the room we had.  If you go, be aware of the weather forecast and go in the spring or fall.  Be sure to
bubble_50	This is a great hotel. the rooms are really spacious and provide everything that you will need during your stay. the breakfast room is tiny so would recommend to take back to your room.  Situationed it a good spot as only took bout 10-15 mins to walk to times square and about 5 mins from macy's. the staff were really friendly and were always happy to help. would recommend for anyone visiting new york. x
bubble_20	I have stayed here before and came back because this hotel has some good qualities.  The rooms are large by New York standards.  The beds are comfy and the staff is friendly.  I especially like the location, as this stay is in January and we are steps away from the subway.    But this visit is tainted because of our room assignment.  It is FREEZING in our room. We are staying under the covers half the morning because it's soooo cold.  The maintenance man has given us a little space heater, but it can't keep up.  We are also next to the breakfast room and it is quite noisy.   We've asked to be moved but nothing is available.  Stay clear of room 408.  We returned to the room one evening and the bathroom floor was wet.  The faucet needed to be replaced.  But I realize those things
bubble_50	Myself and my boyfriend stayed here from the 18 November to the 22 November (all between Thanksgiving & Black Friday) We enjoyed every minute! We were originally staying in the dreaded Hotel Pennsylvania and after reading the shocking reviews on here we decided to swap and pay the little extra. Best decision we made by far! The hotel is conveniently located and is within walking distance to Herald Square and Times Square, a subway is also really close by if you fancy exploring.  The Broadway Plaza offers a free continental breakfast every morning but if you want the best of it you have to be an early bird and go down between 07:00-08:00am! The staff here were so welcoming and lovely. Our room was always clean and we had an amazing view of the Empire State! I emailed the hotel
bubble_40	This hotel worked out really well for three friends traveling together. The accommodations were not fancy but who needs fancy. The room was very spacious with each of us having almost the equivalent of our own room in one big room.  Perfect for traveling together. This was a great location for us, just on an overnight trip to see the holiday sights. I would definitely stay there again. The staff was pleasant and friendly and there were no negatives to our stay here.
bubble_40	Stayed at this hotel for a weekend in January.  Small non descript entrance and basically no lobby.  Rooms were very large for NYC and beds were comfortable.  View was decent and the room was clean.  I would stay there again.  Value for the money is exceptional.
bubble_30	The location was good and the 2-full sized beds were comfortable, with the exception of the far bed placement near the window. The only way to see outside was to climb over the bed to stand in a gap by the window. In other words, the corner of the bed was jammed against part of the wall, preventing you from walking normally to it.   The BIG downside was there was NO hot water the next morning. I called the front desk and was told the heater was off for a time. After letting the shower run for a good 10 minutes with no change in temperature whatsoever, well, let's just say it was a pretty brisk start to the day. I would've expected more of an effort to comp part of the rate (or something) instead of being asked if I wanted a maintenance guy to come up and see what they could do.
bubble_50	My partner and I have been staying at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for our annual Christmas trip for the past 7 years.  It's always like coming home.  We've gotten to know some of the long term staff (long term is a good thing) and they treat us very well.  They even try to give us the same room each year.  The hotel is conveniently located and is within walking distance to Herald Square and Times Square.  There is a subway stop on the corner which makes it easy to access the rest of the city.  The rooms have always been clean and rather large by New York standards. For a New York City hotel it is very reasonable.  Anthony at the door can do everything - cars, restaurants and broadway tickets.  He is pleasant and very efficient!  Trinity at the front desk is also very pleasant. The
bubble_50	10 of us stayed here in Nov 2012 for 3 nights. Excellent Hotel, Excellent rooms, really clean, very helpfull staff, lovely breakfast, we would defo stay here again!  If anyone faults this hotel then they must live in a castle back home!!
bubble_40	We stayed here in October 2012 for 6 nights.  Never had been to NYC before so not sure what to expect.  We were really happy with this accommodation.  Staff were friendly, rooms were clean and the beds were comfy.  We had a great view of the Empire State Building which was magic.  Breakfasts were ok and filling.  Would definately recommend staying here.
bubble_40	This is our second time at Broadway Plaza and we have not been disappointed. Despite a glitch with our booking, meaning our first night was in a smaller room, our stay was without any problem. The staff, especially Anthony can't help you enough. The beds are huge and very comfortable with plenty of pillows. The toiletries are less good and you need to bring or buy your own. The continental breakfast consists of bagels, pastries, juices and a limited choice of fresh fruit. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a mid-price New York experience.
bubble_40	We'd heard bad things about NYC hotels and expected a small room. Broadway Plaza gave us a huge room (601)  with views of The Empire State building for a fair price considering it was New Years Eve.  The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was basically, possibly under, furnished but comfortable with a huge comfy bed, flat screen TV, safe and decent bathroom.  The breakfast was fine and the all day coffee most welcome.  Easy to get to by underground, just a short walk from Broadway 28th street stop on the red line. Only cost us $7.50 to get from JFK to the hotel on New Years Eve. To get to our Cruise Ship on Brooklyn only cost $2.50 !!  Within easy walking distance is Empire State, City Library, Chrysler Building, Times Square, Central Park, Rockerfeller and loads more.
bubble_50	We were here in 2010. This had to be one of the best hotels we ever stayed at. It is just minutes away from New York's most exciting attractions: Times Square, the Broadway Theater District, Soho, Greenwich Village, The Empire State Building, Macy's and Herald Square, and all the fabulous shopping of Fifth and Sixth Avenues. They have awesome pricing as well. The suites are very large; we stayed in a Junior Suite with two queen beds and a sofa bed which also had a small kitchenette type area by the sofa bed. I would highly recommend this hotel when staying in NYC!
bubble_50	This is the first time I have been compelled to write a review on Tripadvisors.  My wife, myself and young son stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 3 days 23-26 Dec.  I wholeheartedly agree with others who state that the staff are excellent.  They just couldn't be more friendly.  Your initial impression of the outside of the hotel may be slightly disconcerting.  Please don't be put off as when you open the door to your room you will find large, clean and tidy room with everything you require for your stay.  We booked a 2 bedroom and were allocated a room on the 12th floor which looked directly at the Empire State Building.  Perfect...  The location of this budget hotel is excellent.  A few short steps to the subway, a few blocks to Macy's, Times Square et al.  I note that others
bubble_50	My daughter and I transferred here during Hurricane Sandy, unfortunately having stayed in previous hotel with no power for two days! The staff were fantastic, helping us to transfer.  Our room was complete luxury, we both regretted having to come home the next day. We found the location ideal, Times Square, Central Park, Bloomingdale's and Macy's all walk-able. We had problems with our booked airport transfer, the next morning, again the staff helped us. The only thing, a bit strange was, each floor had its own mini kitchen where you helped yourself to a continental breakfast, this was very tasty but the room wasn't big enough to seat everyone.  This wasnt a problem for us, we enjoyed using the table in our room but I can imagine some people might not like it. I would recommend
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights and this provides the traveller with a great option for those on a budget.    The rooms are spacious and larger than the average NYC hotel.  Beds are comfortable and housekeeping does a great job ensuring supplies are replenished and the rooms kept very clean.  There was a tiny window providing a view of neighbouring building.  On the whole, the staff were generally very friendly and helpful and was always met by the door staff with a welcoming greeting. However, on one occasion I was having problems connecting to the hotels wi-fi service and I was told by reception to follow the instructions which were in the room (not much help given there).  Decided to skip breakfast, simple choice provided however not to my liking and plenty other options available
bubble_50	We stayed one night at the Broadway Plaza Hotel.  We found it to be clean, the bathroom large & the towels wonderfully big & absorbent, and the desk personnel extremely friendly & helpful.  While it's a long walk from Times Square, it's still do-able.  And we could even see the Empire State Building from our room's window.  While the breakfast room was small, it was adequate & we just used the tray in our room to bring the food back.  We did have to pay an additional $25.00 to park in the garage a block away (the hotel will stamp your receipt before car pick-up)--but this is NYC!
bubble_30	I stayed at this hotel in Dec 2012 along with a friend for one night, when the hotel I was previously staying at ran out of rooms. What got us here was the deal for $89+, and good reviews.  First the good. The hotel room was very spacious and well equipped. The bed was really nice and the room was clean. The midnight bellboy/concierge was helpful, and pointed us to a neighboring parking lot which offers discount to the hotel guests.  Now the bad. The front desk, especially at night is run by this guy who barely speaks and understands English. The washroom is uncomfortably tiny, and does not come appointed with the basic toileteries. The neighborhood deserves a special mention-there are plenty of suspicious characters hanging around anytime of the day. The level 1 of the hotel is
bubble_30	Hotel staff were friendly but need to get either double glazing in the windows or muffle the vents as could hear all the traffic at night.  Also did not like the office type light in the ceiling of our room.  Loved the 24hr complimentary tea and coffee but not an ideal location (bit dodgy at night)
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed at Broadway Plaza for 3 nights in late November. It was the least expensive of the midtown hotels we looked at. This is a small hotel near Empire State Building, about a 25 minute walk from Times Square. The rooms are good sized and fairly clean, with outdated furnishings. The staff is friendly. The only real complaint is that there is only one elevator to the upper floors, heavily used particularly in the morning, so expect long waits. The continental breakfast was bare bones. We arrived late at night at which time the neighborhood is mostly closed up with metal garage doors and barred gates, so kind of bleak looking and uninviting. The maids hover wanting to clean your room early, if you tend to hang around in the morning, as we do.
bubble_40	This  hotel was very clean awe received clean linens and towels each day of our stay.  The rooms were fresh and clean with quality furnishings.  Added bonus of being able to  have breakfast from or in the small breakfast room each day included in the price of your room.  Although the breakfast room was very small you have the opportunity to take your breakfast to your bedroom which we did.  This made for an easy and leisurely start to the day.  This hotel is in an ideal location within easy walking to most of the main toursit and sightseeing areas. Also near a subway if  you don;t want to walk around. Lots of nice restaurants in the East village also a short walk away.  Although there is  no lounge in the we didn;t miss this given we were out and about all day.  Reception staff
bubble_40	Belated review - wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in March 2012. We flew in from Vegas previously Sydney, Australia.. Was a bit off putting as we approached the hotel by mini van at 10pm.. Not sure what we were getting ourselves into.. A nondescript entrance, narrow doorway to the smallish reception area.. Greeted by cheery doorman and reception staff. Checked in and had a decent room on 6th floor. Was a comfortable room with enough space. Decent bathroom, combined shower/tub. Everything worked and cleaning staff went about their business with a minimum of fuss. There is a communal breakfast area on either L4 or 5. Great muffins, coffee/tea, cakes and fruit to start the day. Drink & snack vending machine as well. The night we checked in we walked along Broadway up to Times
bubble_40	My friends and I stayed at the broadway plaza in November for a 4 night shopping and sightseeing trip. The hotel may not look very promising from the front, and the reception may be small but the rooms are very spacious, the pictures you see on the website are in fact the rooms u get which was a nice surprise! Cleanliness and room service both excellent. Breakfast on the other hand, disappointing.  A tiny room with two small tables to cover the whole hotel. Not much choice for breakfast so if u don't like croissants u will have to go out to eat! Not really a continental breakfast. Also self service. Staff pleasant and helpful. Would stay here again but not pay for breakfast, go out to eat.
bubble_30	We had a good stay in your hotel. The only thing that was not good was the space in your "breakfast" room. There is very little space and only 4 tables, witch in my opinion is not enough!         I have no more remarks!
bubble_50	Don't be put off by the narrow doorway leading into the hotels or the mini-lobby that greets you at the end of a narrow hallway. All the space is where it counts, in the room where you are staying. The block where the hotel is situation  does not look promising at first but it is a great semi-Chelsea location, walking/subway distance to the common sights. I was there on business so that was not that relevant but it might be good to know for others. The staff was efficient, polite. The room was not only big (not that common in Manhattan) but meticulously clean and there is even a basic (free) continental breakfast to get you started in the morning. At this point in my life I've lost count of the hotels I've stayed at in Manhattan. Some of them are sad, dark memories. But this is
bubble_40	Excellent choice for a 4 night stay. Very close to lots of attractions include 205 Fifth Avenue- excellent roof top bar. Reasonably priced. Definitely take up their offer of booking a car to the airport.
bubble_40	We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel while my husband was spending time at the Javits Convention Center on business.  This hotel fit the bill in terms of location and price.   The room was clean and comfortable and the service was excellent.  This part of Broadway may seem a little seedier but it's quieter and top hotels have moved in across the street.  I recommend the Oyster Bar across the street (part of the Ace Hotel - I think). So the lobby is tight, the breakfast is so-so and as is the room decor, but it's affordable and easy walking distance to Macy's!
bubble_30	Superb location for those, as we do, enjoy going to both North and South of Manhattan. The area is quite calm at night. Hotel: the breakfast room is way too small for the amount of rooms the hotel has. It is not rare that guests eat their breakfast while standing. Staff: Very friendly people working there and the concierge knows the city like his pocket :0)!
bubble_40	Nice place and nice staff. The entrance is a little small but the rooms were quite large.  One of the beds obstructed the window and had to be moved to look out and the lack of free Internet was a letdown for the price.  Breakfast was a little room on the same floor as our room and is much too small the number of guests and we gave up and went to McDonalds.  A free starbucks coffee machine is available all the time and is a nice little bonus.
bubble_50	We frequently stay overnight in NYC for business, usually at the Hotel Pennsylvania, which has been unfortunately going downhill with every stay.  Well, this time we decided to try something else and booked the Broadway Plaza, based on its location.  We were not prepared to be "wowed" to the extent that we were.  The staff was friendly, and the room was awesome!  Clean, VERY spacious, and comfortable.  Our only disappointment was that we couldn't stay longer.  We will definitely be back.
bubble_40	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Broadway Plaza and had an enjoyable stay.  The room was clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful.  We stayed on the 12th floor over looking the Empire State Building which was a great view each morning. A great location.  Nearest  sub train was on 28th street to catch a train downtown or uptown (train R) every few minutes.  Also walking distance to the  Flatiron Bldg, Time Square, Empire State, Chrysler and  Grand Central station.  A 40 minute walk to Central Park.  This was our 2nd visit to New York, but our 1st visit to Broadway Plaza Hotel, I would be happy to stay here again. The hotel is nothing fancy, but comfortable. The only down fall with this hotel was the lift. It was very slow.
bubble_30	I didn't expect much from the hotel, but I was still a little disappointed. The location is great, the staff is amazing, and the price is reasonable. So where did this place fail me? Well, there were two deficiencies. The first was the acrid smell that permeated the place.  My room was smoke free, but I could hardly breathe because the smoke residue was overwhelming.  The second issue is based on a feeling. I hate to review on something like this, because I don't have a tangible thing that I can point out, but the room "felt" unclean.  I can't provide evidence of poor cleaning practices, maybe it was because everything seemed so old like the bedspreads and carpet, but I never felt like I was in a clean room.
bubble_50	This was our second time to New York, the first time we stayed in a hotel away from the main sights. However the Broadway Plaza puts you within blocks from everything! We were lucky to get views over looking Broadway and could make out the Empire State Building and the Flat Iron building, the nearest subway was within 3 blocks (or go to 23rd for more choice of lines, still only a few blocks south). Despite the close location to fifth and Madison Square Park it's a very quiet area. The staff are helpful and the deli supplying the room service excellent! The rooms were clean and tidy with excellent space for luggage and shopping. The free breakfast and 24hr coffee was a nice surprise and good quality food and choice, however could get crowded (can eat in your rooms). The only
bubble_30	We were quite impressed with Broadway Plaza in that it was good value for money and within walking distance of Broadway/Time Square Etc.A couple of points to mention would be that the bed was not very comfortable and could do with replacing and when we returned to our room before check out at midday we were unable to access the room as the swipe card had been deactivated.Also,a word of warning when you pay the deposit by International Credit Card they cannot refund the card back.I paid by Thomson Money Card(Mastercard)as had no end of hassle.Apart from these few niggles we enjoyed our stay
bubble_50	I stayed here for 4 nights in October, after reading some of the reviews of the location of the hotel I was a bit nervous of staying here but soon as we arrived the door man was friendly, checking in was quick after traveling nearly 8 hours and with the time difference we got to our hotel room quickly! Antony also told us he would be there to answer any q's etc with booking tours etc! Hotel room was very spacious and clean with two large beds, a table with two chairs, a desk with another chair, plasma tv, with staying four nights the the shower always had hot water, the maid cleaned our room every day, the breakfast was included in the price of the hotel offering bagels, muffins, donuts, fruit and Starbucks coffee and tea plus juices! The breakfast room was quiet small so if
bubble_50	As with other guests comments when you first arrive at the doorway you may think oh my but once you are down the narrow hallway into the modest reception it becomes apparent you have made the right choice. Firstly all the staff are polite, efficient and cannot do enough for you. The elevators are not the best bit of a wait but one was being replaced and I am told the other soon will be also, so after this elevator revamp it should be an even faster check-in to room experience. The room we had was huge, 2 double beds, table and 2 chairs, plenty storage place, room safe plus iron and ironing board, and A/C was good. The bathroom was adequate, not ultra stylish but clean and functional so what else do you need. Our room was on the 4th floor which was ideal, the same floor as the
bubble_40	This hotel was more than sufficient for a stay in the heart of Manhattan and I would recommend it to anyone.  It had an old world charm about it as well and the welcome touches of uniformed bell men and porters on hand and polite reception staff.  The location was excellent with it only being a 2 minute walk to 5th Avenue and not much longer to the Empire State Building... the room we had was high up provided a very quite and peaceful stay, especially after two long and arduous flights which were badly delayed and coming from Australia.  The decor was pleasant and the ammenities more than sufficient.  The staff were pleasant and professional.  The value for money was what you would expect in this location.  The only negatives were pretty minor being; the elevator was rather
bubble_40	Stayed here in early Oct on a Monday, so I got a very good rate $210 per night plus $25 for pkg in nearby garage. Really can't beat that. The hotel is just 2 blocks from the Flat Iron Bldg between 28th and 27th on Broadway. For NYC, it's a very quiet area. It was several long blocks east of the High Line, a terrific new addition to the city, not far from Chelsea Piers, and a couple of blocks north of Eataly, Mario Batali's (et al) new venture across from Madison Square Park. Being on Broadway, there are several subway stops nearby but for those who like to walk,it's an easy jaunt up to Times Square or down to the West Village and SOHO. Central Park area and museums and Wall Street and 9/11 Memorials would require public transportation ... for most folks. The hotel is small, but
bubble_40	Just got back from 5 nights at this hotel with 3 other friends. On first arriving we were all a bit disappointed because it looked so much smaller than the pictures. After checking in we took the lift to the 2nd floor where we were staying in room 201. The room was quite spacious and had 2 large (queen)? size beds which were large enough for all of us. The bedding was lovely and crisp and clean and was changed once. It had a 3 drawer cabinet on which sat the tv.  The bathroom was quite small and had a shower over the bath which was lovely and had constant hot water. There were 4 bath towels which were lovely and white and nice and soft and hand towels and facecloths. There were also bottles of shampoo etc and soaps and a hairdryer.  There wasn't a lot of room to hang your
bubble_30	We stayed here on our first night in New York. We were welcomed straight through to the small reception by the bellman. We had a few issues on checking due to the room being booked in our friends name who wasn't due to arrive till later. It took us a little while to get them to let us check in- so always make sure that the first person to arrive has booked the room!! After a long flight you don't want to have to wait around. The bellman told us that we could get coffee upstairs- and we liked that complimentary breakfast was included (we didnt have time to take advantage of this, and although its served in a small room buffet style we saw plenty of people taking food back to their rooms for the space to enjoy the bagels, muffins and coffee on offer) as well as Internet access.
bubble_40	This was our first stay in New York and the Hotel Was quite nice for the price. It is very expensive to stay in NYC and the broadway was well priced for the area. It is nice and handy to the shopping areas, empire state building subway etc. We felt safe walking to the hotel at night, lots of people around. The afternoons were a little different lots of native Americans hanging around on the street corners but they didn't bother us. The room was nice, a very good size and large comfy bed. The staff were very friendly and helpfull, the only thing I could pick on is the lift. It was very slow and was playing up,  there was a second lift that only went to floor 7 but it was not working as they are doing some upgrades. I would stay here again if in NYC.
bubble_40	For New York standard, this hotel offers great deals. It's located on Broadway, and it's super easy and convenient to get anywhere. Hotel employees were very nice and they made sure things were going well for me (and I'm sure they did the same for other visitors). My room was big (I think they upgraded at no additional cost, which was very nice of them) and I had everything I needed.  They do offer breakfast, but it is very minimal (already-made muffins, cereal, coffee, some fruits only). It didn't bother me at all, as I wasn't going to eat breakfast at the hotel anyway.  I don't recall but Wiki wasn't included as far as I remember...You'd have to pay for it if you want to have Wi-Fi access in your room, I think.  My conclusion is that I recommend this hotel to families. Big
bubble_40	Just returned from 3 nights at this hotel and will stay again.  The room had 2 large double beds, flat screen tv, desk, bureau and plenty of place to hang the clothes.  It was room 605 and looked right out at the Empire State.  The bathroom was large and clean.  The rug was a little worn and had some stains (probably wine!) but otherwise the room was very clean.  Bed comfortable.  The continental breakfast was just that so don't expect much.  The coffee was hot and since I'm not a big breakfast person it worked out fine.  The location was perfect, just a short walk from Penn Station so easy to find.  Staff was great!  If you need to  book a tour be sure to check with them.   I had checked many hotels and this by far had the best rate.  I would stay again
bubble_50	What a great suprise this was. Beautiful clean room with all facilities one would expect. Super friendly, helpful & curteous staff, good breakfast which can be taken to ones room all in a prime location on Broadway. Close to many attractions with a variety of eating establishments within easy walking distance. I cannot criticise this hotel on any score and would stay here on any return trip to NYC without even looking elsewhere.
bubble_50	nice rooms and awesome location!! been there everytime when in NYC and will go again! breakfast room is small and always full but take-away breakfast in room is fine(nice to eat breakfast sitting in the window and looking morning rush-hour in broadway)
bubble_40	very nice and comfortable Hotel with access to any part of New York within minutes. Affordable price and Clean rooms. Will recommend it to any traveler or family with Kids. Will sure stay again in April 2013.
bubble_40	As you all know, staying in New York City can get VERY expensive, however the Broadway Plaza Hotel give travelers the option to have a nice hotel for a good price. I've stayed at this hotel 4 times (in the past two years) and I would definitely recommend it to other travelers. The rooms are rather large and the bathrooms are nicely decorated and always kept clean. There could be better lighting but, for the price, I'm not going to complain too much. The linen is a bit dated but the beds are extremely comfortable! The staff are great. I stayed here once (last summer) when I was pregnant and they made sure to have the bell  hop help me almost every time they (front desk staff) saw me!  This hotel does provide complimentary breakfast for guests however it's not the greatest, but
bubble_50	This was a surprise vacation for my wife's 50th birthday, and the hotel we chose did not disappoint. -location is ideal; halfway between Times Square and the theater district(a little touristy for my liking) and our favorite part of town, Greenwich Village. Also close to the High Line Trail and the Chelsea Market.   -very clean and extremely helpful and friendly.  -the room was roomier than a lot of NY hotels, especially for the price. Everything in the room worked and the shower was great. Air conditioning was sufficient also. Our 11th storey room had a view of the Empire State Building.  -2 very minor complaints: I would have liked to see toast, cereal or fruit with the continental breakfast-there were bagels, croissants and pastries along with juice and coffee. The other
bubble_40	I was surprised by the service and how clean this hotel is.  The employees are very nice and always ready to help.
bubble_30	for a busy and expencive place like NY this was a very good hotel. the beds were a littlebid smal but clean. We liked it here.
bubble_40	NYC hotels in mid-summer are expensive. So, I guess you get what you pay for, which in the case of this hotel, isn't too much. While the lobby is very cramped and offers no amenities, the ninth-floor corner room was a pleasant surprise - quite spacious with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. Although I can't recommend the continental breakfast, even though it was included in the price, the staff were very helpful and pleasant. Best of all was the location - close to subway stations, a 15 minute walk from Penn Station, with easy access to the attractions of Lower Manhattan.If you're a tourist in NYC, walking around all day sightseeing, you don't really need anything more of a hotel.
bubble_40	We were looking for inexpensive accomodations in NYC, which don't exist anymore (unless you're willing to settle for a bug-ridden flea-bag) This hotel sounded great, and we now have a reliable hotelier for all future Big Apple visits.  I know, I know...the facade isn't much to look at. Where most fancy hotels have an enormous entranceway, this one has a tiny door wedged between two shops. And the neighborhood isn't fancy. Though, to be fair, we walked the streets after midnight with no qualms. Plenty of lighting, plenty of people about, good subway service.  But once inside it's entirely different. The staff is exceptionally nice, always helpful.  The rooms are not only comfortable but actually have a touch of class with lots of wood and pleasant color schemes. Ours had a nice
bubble_50	This was our first visit to NYC.  We came on a whim after attending my cousins wedding in baltimore.  We were so close and said hey why not.  This was one of the cheapest,nicest,PET FRIENDLY places we could find.  They were very nice and helpful.
bubble_40	Latest I can go back and say I went is August 2011 however I visited here in the February of 2011 and it was just after New York had been hit with 18" of Snow. The hotel is located about 1/2 mile from Time Square and is on the face of it it is in a pretty good area. We got in after walking from Penn Street Station and if we had know how wet it was going to be with the snow   we would have taken a CAB. There is so much to do in New York and our 2 night stay was not really long enough, but as a base we found the hotel comfortable and very warm. Breakfast is a bit hit and miss as you tend to stand around a room which is not much bigger than a cardboard box. However, you do have the option to walk a block and eat on 4th Avenue where you pile you breakfast in a box, weigh it and pay,
bubble_40	The only reason I did not give 5 stars for this place is b.c I am not certain of the safety of the area after 9pm (after dark in summer time).  We returned to the hotel about 9pm, after dinner,  and the streets immediately around the hotel seemed dark and all the stores were locked down. In NYC,  a few blocks can change things/scene quickly. The second reason is b.c they put $100 pending charge on my credit card for internet, tv, incidental charges - and that pending charge stays on credit card for a week.  I was anxious to see it removed.  Also, instead of booking through hotels .com I would try booking directly with Broadway Plaza (think you will get a better room rate).  GREAT coffee on fourth floor and decent morning breakfast to start your day of walking and sightseeing.
bubble_40	We stayed at Broadway Plaza for 8 nights;the hotel is very convient to subways and NYC attractions.  The complimentary continental breakfast was very good. The Plaza staff, including the concierge, the front desk and the maids, were very pleasant and helpfu.  The hotel was clean and the rates were excellent fot NYC.  We would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	Just stayed here for a week, the outside is abit tired but dont be put off, once inside its all good, the rooms are huge with quality beds big tv and very clean. The breakfast is okay its free what can you expect. The staff are extremely helpful and polite having been to NY several times this was unexpected. Anthony who runs the front desk is a star.
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza was great!  Our room was very clean, with an awesome view of the Empire State Building.  It was nice to be able to eat a small breakfast in the morning and save those dollars for attractions and meals later in the day.  The hotel was in a great location and within walking distance from several subway stops and attractions.  Some outside noise could be heard in our room but it was nothing that was so disruptive we were unable to sleep. (It was what you would expect to hear if staying in central NYC.)  Most importantly, the staff was all amazing!  Everyone from the bell hops, desk staff, and housekeeping were all VERY kind, and helpful.  I would not hesitate to stay at the Broadway Plaza if we return to NYC.
bubble_40	Great location, easy walk from Penn Station, to Lexington for restaurants and to Times Square.  Room spacious, bed comfortable and everything was clean.  Breakfast area small and hot, but just take it back to your room and enjoy it there!
bubble_50	this hotel is just unbelievable....... it is inexpensive and all the central areas are just at stones throw!!  although, the breakfast {free} area id not large enough, neverhteless, we enhoyed the stay. thanks to the employees :-)
bubble_40	Good location. The service staff were helpful and friendly. Room really too small for 2 double sized twin beds, making it difficult to move around. Otherwise clean and comfortable, with large bathroom..
bubble_50	A great place to stay central to most things. Could see the Empire State building from our room. Breakfast area was small but our room was just round the corner so we took our food back to our room. rooms were clean and staff were friendly and helpful.
bubble_30	We've stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for four nights early in May,after a long search for a hotel with breakfast included. The room was just as advertised: big,nice comfortable beds,clean and quite big(for New York standards),and a great view of the Empire State Building. The location was also pretty good,close to a lot you want to go and see when in NYC;the area itself a little bit dodgy at night. The biggest disappointment has been, without any doubts, the breakfast room;the smallest,hottest,crowded breakfast room I've ever been to;four tables,big enough really for two people at the time,for 69 rooms!!!! Every time we managed to get a table,we felt like we had to eat in a hurry,cause people would be standing around waiting to sit down;in addition to that,plastic
bubble_50	The Broadway Plaza was a great place to stay for my family 2 adults and 2 boys 5 and 7.  We were central to everything the Empire state building which we could see from our room, build a bear work shop, 5th avenue shopping, Rockafella plaza and a whole lot more.  We where happy to walk around but the 28th and Broadway subway was right around the corner.  There was also a Greenway shopping center close by for food and other stuff.  Rooms where big and clean you could not ask for more. Breakfast was traditional American and I had the wrestle to giant doughnut out of the 5 year old's hand before he could eat it but they have milk, bread and bagels. We bough cereal and bowls at the Greenway got the milk in the morning and ate in our room. The staff where great and really friendly.
bubble_40	We had a fantastic time staying at The Broadway Plaza Hotel. It was easily accessible to public transport, but like previous reviews have stated, kind of in a weird area that is between Flat Iron District and Times Square Area. Really good breakfast though meant that we weren't having to find things in the local vicinity when we first got up.   The one downside to the room was that it smelt like that there had been a smoker previous, so had a fairly smoky smell initially until we aired the room out for a few days.   Staff were fairly friendly and there are plenty of brochures advertising plenty of things at the front reception.
bubble_40	I spent about 2 weeks in this hotel, and the room and service staff come with high recommendations in my book. No matter what hour I encountered someone of the service staff, whether mid-day or midnight, I was always met with politeness and service-mindedness. The room was tidy and clean, and even though the bathtub had obviously seen better days (in terms of fashion and trends), the whole bathroom was clean and well-maintained. Although WiFi access was not free, a 24-hour pass was relatively inexpensive (less than $10 per day - and the staff I ordered my Internet access for the day were also very accommodating as for the time of day I was ordering it). The breakfast buffet was included, but the breakfast selection was very limited (bagels, a few pastries and two types of jam),
bubble_50	My partner and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza at the end of April 2012. We had a great stay.   Our room was on the sixth floor and enjoyed a view of the Empire State Building. We found the room to be spacious with two queen beds which were the most comfortable we have ever left on, plenty of storage space and the en suite bath and shower were fine.   The hotel staff were very helpful and could not do enough for us, especially Anthony the senior Concierge and his colleagues.   The complementary continental breakfast was enjoyable with pastries, bagels, fruit juices, coffee and tea. We were able to enjoy this in the breakfast room on occasion but usually we took the tray from our room and loaded it up before returning to our room to enjoy the breakfast. We were able to get tea and
bubble_40	A good room though bathroom is small but perfectly functional. I echo the comments about the breakfast room. Coffe was good though. Staff were helpful and happy to store my bag till mind afternoon.
bubble_20	I had high hopes for Broadway Plaza. It was not good from the start. At check in, their printer was having issues so it took about 15 min to check in. After waiting for the very slow elevator, I was not happy to get to my room and find the key was not working. I had to wait for elevator again and they gave me 2 new keys, 1 of which did not work. The room was small and dated, the light  fixtures were pulling away from the wall, no coffee pot, toiletries were awful. The continental breakfast was in a small kitchen dinette area which was jammed pack. The breakfast had muffins, donuts, bagels... My favorites... But they all tasted like they were a day old. I was very disappointed with my stay.
bubble_30	once you get past the very narrow lobby, the hotel is good for the price. clean and comfortable.   the   the breakfast is not great - just coffee and bagels, etc. and in a very small room.  ask for a room on a higher floor, the street is very noisy
bubble_50	My wife and I just stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel and really liked it. The lobby is small so you don't expect the rooms to be as nice as they are. You are also well located so you can walk to a variety of attractions. It's also close to several parks and the spectacular HIgh Line. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Breakfast is free, but is mainly pastries and coffee. Overall, we'd stay there again in a heartbeat.
bubble_40	The location is very good; you can walk to all the major attractions.  its close to the Soho, Time sq. Rockefeller center.. it is a small hotel, small loby but the room size is ok. The breakfast is super. They dont mind that you take the coffee and the bagel to your room, the staff is very nice, the rooms can be cleaner but are ok.
bubble_50	I just stayed at this hotel with my two teenagers and their two friends,  we got a Junior Suite which came with two queens beds and a pullout coach.  this has to be the biggest room I've ever stayed at in NYC.  I've stayed at several different hotels, where I paid more and always got very very small rooms,.  this was the best as far as room size goes.  The bed was comfy, shower and bathroom appeared new.  TV worked good.  I got free internet even though they charged for internet. Plenty of open access around there.  Hotel location was great, too.  I parked for $25 on the next block - they give you a special rate because of the hotel.  There was no restaurant but did offer continental breakfast on the 4th floor.  It was ok, got coffee and donuts, but not much to choice from.  For
bubble_40	My mum, sister and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for 4 nights. We found it clean and comfortable. The staff were always polite and helpful. Breakfast was lovely... a selection of bagels, muffins, doughnuts and fruit and tea and coffee was available throughout the day. The room wasn't very big but we didn't spend much time in it as we were out exploring the city from about 8am-11pm every day, so it was fine for us. The room was advertised as having two double beds but they were 3/4 size beds not doubles, so that was a bit of a disappointment and meant that when we were sharing we didn't get much sleep.  The location of the hotel is absolutely perfect, we were able to walk to most places easily (Central Park, Times Square, Empire State Building, most of the major shopping
bubble_50	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza over Easter 2012, we had a fantastic time and the hotel made the holiday complete.  Its was well positioned for everything, from Times Square to Greenwich.  The breakfast was lovely and they were only too happy to replenish the food. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was lovely, very clean, in fact we kept forgetting to put the sign on the bed so they changed the bedding every night. We would definately stay there again. We went  to Top of The Rock and Empire State Building, both fantastic views, although the queue was far easier at Top of the Rock, they gave you a time to go back so you didnt have to Q for such a long time. Also it wasnt as crowded. The Highline walk was lovely and they're extending this so you will be able to walk a lot
bubble_20	This hotel is priced right, and is centrally located to many attractions, but the negatives outweighed those positives, as follows: Only one elevator goes above the 7th floor, which makes for a very long wait time every time you have to use the elevator.  The first room they gave me was very small, without even a desk to work at, and the person in the next room was playing a guitar very loudly, at 9 in the evening.  Water pressue in the shower was very poor in the AM, and the plumbing was very old, as evidenced by a toilet that was constantly running after being flushed. They were very inflexible in terms of a late checkout, even after a 4-day stay and the likelihood of many more stays to come (given that I travel to NYC every 2-3 weeks).  They charged me an extra $50 for late
bubble_50	We stayed in this hotel 3 nights. Rooms wereok and clean and the service was without any reason to complain. The location is great. 10 minutes to walk to time square. The so called "continental breakfast" must have come from a very small continent. However coffe was available whole day long. The noise from the subway was permanent lullaby but if you go to broadway its not because of the silence. We would go there again definetly.
bubble_50	We recently stayed at this hotel for a 4 day trip for my daughters 18th birthday. I emailed before going to request a view of the Empire State building and we were given a fantastic room on the 10th floor. The room had  double beds, was comfortable, clean, and the staff were friendly and helped us book tickets. For the very reasonable price ( via Lastminute.com) it was excellent acccomodation, within walking distance of all the main attractions, and with a subway at the end of the block. As the other reviews say, take a tray down to get breakfast, then eat in bed. I would defintely stay here again, it meant we had more spending money for shopping! We ordered in food a couple of times too, and it was delivered quickly and was great quality.
bubble_50	My sister and I stayed here for our first trip to NYC despite reading reviews about the iffy neighborhood, and we were so glad we decided to stay!!! There are people selling stuff on the streets but come on people it's New York!! This was our first major vacation by ourselves and not once were we afraid. When we checked in after a terrifying shuttle ride from the airport where our shuttle driver detoured to his rent house in a creepy neighborhood the concierge immediately booked us a return trip in a towncar. And because of the shuttle drivers detour we were really cutting it close getting to our Broadway show. The concierge told us to go on up and get ready and he would have a car waiting for us when we got ready!! Service was awesome and we had a beautiful view of the Empire
bubble_50	i booked this hotel online and spent 7 nights here.   it's handily located on the cnr of broadway and W27th (with the nearest subway on the N and R lines being on W28th).  buy a metrocard for $US29 and ride the bus and subway for 7 days all day long!  the hotel has a doorman and the staff are very friendly and helpful.  your room rate WON'T be the same for every single night, but was very competitive given the room.  i was VERY PLEASANTLY surprised by the size of the room - way bigger than i thought it would be and very well appointed.  double bed, large LG tv (which dims if you watch it with the lights off!), hanging wardrobe space, safe, ironing board and iron, drawers, large desk with lamp (lots of lighting in the room) and a bedside table.  this has an IPOD dock on it, which
bubble_50	This was my first time in New York although my wife and daughter had stayed in the Broadway Plaza Hotel last year with a group of friends. Based on their last stay we booked this year for a week and I can honestly say that I was not disappointed, I agree with the comment on the breakfast room being a bit small but as our room was next door it was very easy to just get everything on a tray to take back to the room. All staff were very friendly especially the older man on reception who was a real comedian, everybody who worked in the Hotel were very polite and couldn't do enough for us. Room was huge with 2 queen size beds and had a flatscreen tv, bathroom was large with an adequate shower, (similar to those that you get on cruise boats) so not a problem. The area in which the
bubble_40	From the outside the hotel tends to be a little scary,not going to lie!  However once you get inside it gets better.  The check-in on the first floor was quick and the staff was very helpful. Once we got upstairs to the rooms I felt better, it was clean and updated.  We had a double bed superior room and it was very spacious.  The room was up to date, no stains on the carpet, no sign of any bug issues.  The bathroom was a decent size as well however the shower was compact.  The morning of check-out the hotel held our luggage so we could walk around the city and not have to carry it around.   Also the continental breakfast area is wonderful.  Lots of pastries to choose from and they also have coffee, tea and juice.  The only issue we had was the elevators, they were very-very
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel from March 11th to the 14th, and I must say that I was very satisfied with everything about this hotel.  Everyone was friendly, and since we could not check in when we first arrived they took our bags and stored them while we visited the city.  The rooms are were clean, spacious, and the breakfast was not bad but the breakfast area was very small.  Parking is a block away, but is not included in the price of the room.  The subway in near the hotel which allows you to visit anywhere within the city quickly.  It is a short walk to the Empire State Building and Time Square.  I would stay here again the next time I visit New York.
bubble_40	Excellent hotel, friendly staff, great location, good-sized rooms with large TV, large bathrooms, even free continental breakfast and free 24-hour coffee & tea available for a very low price. Previous stays for the same price were in flea-bag hotels with communal baths. This is way better and is Only 7 min. walk from Penn Station and close to everything. Try it and you'll like it.
bubble_50	I just came back from NY and the only adjective I can use to describe this place is great. Great location, great service, great price. There is nothing I didn't like about this place, I have traveled several times to New York and had stayed at others hotels, all of them more expensive and none of them gets close to how conveniently located this place is. Most subways lines are within a few minutes walk, Time Square is just a 10 min walk, Madison Square is down the street, I will definitely stay at this place on my next trip, and you can't beat the price, I payed $105 a night for a two queen beds room and I was able to check in at 12 m because my flight arrived earlier than I was expecting. I am never so happy about a hotel as I am with this one.
bubble_40	I dont understand the comments about small rooms, the space is large for even outside the manhatten standards. 15 minutes walk and your in time square, 3 minute walk and your at madison square park. 8 minutes to the empire state on 5th. We stayed with a 15 month todder, found the room plenty warm, king size bed with flat screen tv. (12 floor). walked most places (more to see), uss intrepid 40 minute walk.   Some peope have commented on the area eing rough, i disagree, it may be daunting for some in the evening when there a lot of people outside the shops north of the hotel on broadway, trying to sell clothes to which has been stolen during the day. But if you just say no thanks they do not tend to hassle you.   Overall , this was perfect for location. nice to to return to and
bubble_30	We stayed here for 6 nights. Our room was spacious and clean, maid service daily with fresh towels, flannels, etc.  The breakfast room, as previously stated, is far too small and it was often a jostle around others to get food and drinks with just a couple of people waiting for toaster, getting coffee, etc. We gave up by the end of our stay and went to the Starbucks across the street.   The concierges were helpful and friendly, they assisted us with hiring a car to the airport and in booking tickets, as well as general advice on places to go. The reception staff were not as helpful or friendly. We were charged almost $10 per night for wifi which was patchy and very slow- we found out on the last night that we could access free wifi in our room through blis ny.  The area around
bubble_50	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza for two nights during my visit for the Super Bowl Parade. This place was great. I do not understand some of the comments made about this place. It was comfortable, clean, and the location was fine. It was not right in the middle of Times Square, but that can also be a good thing. The continental breakfeast suit me just fine and there was excellent Starbucks coffee available 24 hours a day. The only issue was the water pressure was weak, but that definetly was no big deal. The price I paid in February was incredible. Would certainly stay here again, and I really reaearched many hotels before I went.
bubble_30	Booked a last minute deal here and got what I paid for. Weird hotel, with basically no lobby and a funky entrance in a uniquely unhappening part of town, yet it offers the basics -- small room, decent enough bed, fairly clean, and quiet enough. Towels were a little crusty, but bathroom was sufficiently clean and functional. Coffee station and continental breakfast were fine, and the coffee was actually quote good. Valet parking was unavailable and I was forced to park in a lot down the street and had no in and out, but with subway station a block away, car is really not needed. Basically, they give you what you pay for, and that is better than you get in a lot of other places.
bubble_40	The main entrance of the hotel is not too impressive...However, the employees are kind, the rooms and toliets are comfortable and very very clean, the breakfast is ok for the price, the elevators work pretty well, the location of the hotel is excellent (very close to the Empire State, Times Square, three different lines of the subway, Madison Square Garden, etc..). Good cost/benefit ratio. My wife and I spent four days there and would come back for sure.
bubble_40	We stayed here Jan 2009. First time in NYC. Staff was awesome! Location was AMAZING!!! It was myself and 2 other girls and we felt safe and secure! Great pizza spot right Nxt door and a hotdog vendor was off the chain!!!!! The room was spacious and very nice size. We had a view right on broadway......will definitely stay here again!!!!!
bubble_50	We stayed here in November and found the hotel clean, room spacious and comfortable.   The block the hotel is situated on at first feels unsafe BUT after a while and once you have your bearing it's fine!   Breakfast is honestly fine, not fantastic but what more would you want suited us. Toast and muffins for breakfast coffee set us up for the morning however take tray out of room and sit in room and look at empire state building room is not great, especially when you have such a great view.  Only downside was the lift, we where on 11th floor so only one lift to that floor but this only downside.   Guys on reception and bellboys were always helpful for trips and tickets etc I would go back tomorrow
bubble_40	we stayed at the Broadway Plaza because of the special January rates. The room was surprisingly large we had a queen and a full. The mattresses were not the high ones and the bedding was old style not the nice down comforters but comfortable just the same. The tv was old and the shower very small but the bathroom was quite large. We arrived early and the room was ready for us. The elevators were a bit slow. The free breakfast was quite good. Lots of bagels, some pastries, fresh fruit, juice and coffee, tea, hot chocolate. It was on the fourth floor which was where our room was . The coffee and tea are available all day. The location was good a short walk to Macy's and Time Square. We arrived by bus so it was six blocks from Penn Station..The staff was very nice and helpful. Good
bubble_50	Stayed at the Broadway plaza hotel on 5th dec 2011 for 5 nights to celebrate my mums 65th birthday. We had read several reviews on this hotel and was a little apprihensive on our arrival due to people saying the rooms were tiny the lifts are slow and the breakfast wasnt that good. how wrong those reviews were. the rooms are very very spacoious with huge queen beds and a massive bathroom. they were immaculatly clean to a very high standard and the staff were very  helpful and freindly a pleasurable stay and will deffinatly stay there again a great location excellent value for money and a credit to new york for their standards. close to all aminities and the metro a good place to stay for any traveller it gets my vote 10/10.The breakfast was a choice of fresh morning goods each
bubble_30	The room was relatively large and clean.  No free wifi.  We had never stayed in the Flatiron District before, and the location was OK; walking distance to the village and to shopping and shows.  The continental breakfast was very good. My wife didn't like the mattress; she thought it sagged in the middle. The price, particularly mid-week (approx $100) was very affordable; it was actually cheaper to book directly with the hotel rather than through an on-line service such as hotels.com.  We're always looking for affordable hotels in manhattan, and I will definitely keep this on the list!
bubble_40	15 min walk to times-square, 5 min to empire state building. close to the metro station. We asked for a fridge in the room and that costed us 10$ per day. Perfect for young couples. What I liked was the 24h free Starbucks coffee machine on the 6th flour. what I didn't like was slow elevators.
bubble_50	fantastic hotel, clean and tidy. great location. staff very friendly and helpful. we had a great view of the empire state building.. breakfast was good just what we needed in the morning a great big fat doughnut yum!! and a coffee of course, set up for the day of shopping ahead!!.. would book again.. thanks for having us..
bubble_40	This hotel does not look great from the outside but it is one of the most pleasant discovery of New York. Unfortunately I could stay there  only 1 night.  Great price (about 125 USD par night including breakfast ). Great location in Manhattan: 2 stops from Time Square. Hundred meters from Flatiron building. 2 minutes from the subway station. I was alone and I had a very large room with 2 beds. Decoration is a bit oldfashioned but the room was confortable and clean.  Breakfast room is very very small but it is possible to have breakfast in the bedroom, using a tray. Very tasty doughnuts and bagel. Very friendly and helpful staff.  Wifi cost 15 USD a day. There is also a car park just around the corner with special rates for guests; 25 USD per day.  Will certainly go back in this
bubble_40	Flat Iron building at the end of the road, Empire State in clear view from entrance and as central as the hole in a record. Very pleasant and helpful staff... and most suprisingly, not a bad cup of tea either (slight issue with the consistency of the milk but not enought to make me drink coffee).
bubble_50	This was a great little find in NYC and I would definitely recommend it!  From the minute we walked in until the day we checked out, the staff was fabulous, friendly and very helpful.   The rooms are huge and very clean, as is the bathroom!  The shower is a bit small, but no complaints!  Would stay here again, great access and close to Penn Station!  Loved it!
bubble_40	I had a last minute trip to meet up with some friends and attend a conference  right after Thanksgiving and was happy to get a room -- it's not a big hotel and the rooms book up fast!  The reason being that it's the best value I found after hours of shopping around.  For the price I was not sure what to expect really, but the spaciousness of my room was outstanding -- very clean and with quite a modern bathroom.  Overall, I was pleasantly surprised!  Other hotels were asking you to share a bathroom at the same price.  Obviously if you're having a special occasion, or it's the first time you're coming to NYC, you may want to splash out on another property (especially if you need to take taxis to and from Broadway, etc).  But this certainly met my needs -- and the staff was very
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights. Our room was a large room on the 12th floor with a nice bathroom. Only problem with this room was the lift took a long time to arrive. Everything was clean and the staff friendly. In terms of location; its perfect, within walking distance of most things but if you don't want to walk subway is just one block away.
bubble_40	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for my husband to run the marathon.  We were put on the 2nd floor w/a view out onto Broadway above the hotel entrance.  Not a very good view and quite a bit of street noise, but we brought a sound machine from home and that covered up much of the noise.  The room was surprisingly large and the beds were very comfortable.  The bathroom and furnishings are updated and everything looked and felt clean.  The continental breakfast was good with Starbucks coffee available--and it was delicious.  Breakfast included pastries, bagels, fruit, coffee, tea, milk, 2 juices, and croissants.  All were fresh. The location was convenient for walking to attractions and restaurants, but the immediate area by the hotel was a little
bubble_40	Best part of stay at this hotel was the view of Empire State Building from room window.  Breakfast consisted of croissants, do nuts, bagels and fruit, Starbucks coffee, tea and fruit juice always fresh.  Breakfast room small and a bit chaotic, best to take your breakfast back to your room.  Room was on 10th floor very spacious with comfortable bed.  We made our journey to and from Newark airport by Go Airlink Shuttle 45 return for 2 people.  Subway was very close to hotel, purchase metro card and top up when necessary.  Empire State Building 10 minutes walk.  Times square about 25 minute walk or 2 stops on subway.  Staff very friendly Concierge suggested a lovely restaurant in Chinatown Wo Hop, fresh ingrediants, large portions, his family use it all the time.
bubble_40	Stayed for 3 nights in October 2011. Very clean and large room. Great location and one of the few hotels that did a complimentary breakfast which was very good. Vending machines on tap mean snacks in easy reach. The location was great for all the major sites and the subway was a minute away. Only one issue was that sometimes we would have to wait too long for the lift. But the staff were fantastic and Tony sorted us out a night river cruise when we couldn't find one!
bubble_30	Just came back from NYC, we had a great time! The hotel is nice and well located,15 minutes walking from Times Square,our room was big,clean and with an amazing view on the Empire State building,the bed is soft and confortable but sometimes we heard the noise of the elevator. Breakfast is served in a small room on the 4th floor,but you can bring everything in your room. Staff is really kind and helpful, they arranged for us an efficient car service for the JFK airport.
bubble_50	This hotel is everything as experienced by Tripadvisor reports.  It is friendly, spotlessly clean and the rooms apparently are huge by New York standards.  Door men are helpful and friendly.  Only thing to watch out for and prob ably because I wasn't aware of the taxes, being from Ireland. There were 3 taxes added, State , City and occupancy which all came to an extra 50 dollars so it wasn't as reasonable as I had thought but I would still return again.  We got upgraded to a Junior Suite and at time of check in as there was no non-smoking rooms available.  I would never normally  take a smoking room but it is so clean and fresh smelling it was not a problem.  Thank you to all for a lovely visit to NYC.
bubble_40	Stayed for here for five nights in beginning of november with my familiy. We spent most time visiting different places in Manhattan, so actually did not spend that much time in the hotel, mosty sleeping. The location of the hotel offers walking distance to Herald Square (a lot of shopping) and Union Square. It is also very close to the yellow subwaylines. The block where the hotel is might not be the most fashionable, but a quick walk gets you to other sightings. Do not need to be afraid of walking in the area though.  Very nice and helpful staff at the hotel. A breakfast is included, even if we often made the choice to get breakfast out in the city.
bubble_40	This hotel was a great find!  We had a corner room on the 8th floor - with a view of the Empire State Building from the window.  Although the hotel is not in the best part of Broadway, it is in a good location, with a subway station close by.  Times Square and Macy's are about a 10 minute walk.  The staff were all very friendly and helpful.  A downside is that the "dining room" is very small (only about 3 tables).  However, many people took the free breakfast danish and coffee to their room.  Free freshly brewed coffee is also available at any time.  The room was very comfortable, clean and quiet with air conditioning that was adjustable.  Very good value for money.
bubble_40	Absolutely fantstic hotel! stayed 24-28th oct the hotel is situated in a perfect location to visit both uptown and downtown. rooms are great we had a room that slept 4 people and still had enough room to swing an ellephant! beds comfy bathroom huge and all very clean. The breakfast room is a little small but no prob in taking to your room. All the staff are very helpfull, polite and friendly. taxi ride from airport $51 dollars inc tip and toll $65 return fare book plenty of time for your return trip as traffic very heavy. We are hopefully going to return in the future
bubble_50	My wife and I have stayed at this great hotel twice now, on our vacations to NYC and Manhattan.  We came back the second time there because we were so impressed when we were there the first time!  The hotel is very nice, has a great location handy to everything, is very clean, and the staff are all wonderful.   We will be coming back here for a third time on our next vacation to NYC next spring!  Would recommend this hotel to anyone, for sure.  The rooms are a great size for Manhattan standards, and the price is very competitive as well.
bubble_40	This hotel was great value for money, I stayed with family and friends. Bed's were comfortable and we all slept well. Even with its excellent location there was no significant noise from the street. Rooms were kept clean, we all had new bedding and towels every day.   The breakfast room was a little small, but we took the option to get coffee / tea / juice with a pastry or bagel up to our rooms to enjoy them. Tea and coffee was available throughout the whole day. Reception very helpful and efficient as was concierge.   We were all very pleased and would stay again and recommend to our friends!
bubble_40	Starting with a shared taxi costing less than $15 inc tip/toll each for four (ignore the limos telling you the taxi wait time is 2 hrs), we found the hotel in a wholesale district and looking at the Flatiron building (5 mins walk past a food market offering different country cuisines). Checking in was professional and seamless, in our double rooms within ten minutes of arrival to find each front facing room (301/302) spacious by Manhatten standards, very clean with a view of the top of the empire state building. Within a block of the N,Q,R line at 28th street meant that any subway travel was easy (uptown theatre district 10 mins/ downtown WTC site 20 mins) though a walk to Times Square (straight up Broadway) was only 30 mins at a busy time of day with Empire State 10 mins max.
bubble_40	So, when I pass through NYC, I usually reserve my hotel booking for the last minute in a risky attempt to secure the best deal.  If it winds up being a decent place, I'll  make a note and hope to return there if the price is right on the NEXT trip.  No such luck with my regular joints on this most recent jaunt through town...so I tried this hotel on the back of some positive reviews here on TripAdvisor.   I'm happy to say that we were really pleased with our accommodation.  I'm sure that each room is a bit different but ours was pretty gigantic for NYC standards.  (Because of the deal we got, we were in a room that had two full size beds).  The location was easy--sort of equidistant btwn the Empire State building and Flatiron building.  10 minute walk to Union Square.  Good
bubble_50	This is my second stay at the Broadway Plaza and won't be the last. It's located a few blocks walking distance from Macy's, Penn Station and Herald's Square in the Wholesale District. Only 1 block from the subway. My room was excellent. Clean and very roomy. I was lucky enough to be upgraded to a mini suite. Since the location is in the wholesale district it's pretty quiet at night but I did not feel uncomfortable. Continental breakfast in the morning was good with coffee, pastries and begals. The staff was very helpful. Especially Brian at the front desk. My room was ready early and checkout was a breeze. I'll be staying here again!
bubble_50	When we first pulled up at this hotel my heart sank it is in an area of broadway that is full of cheap wholesale wig/accessory shops backing onto the garment district and skirting the flatiron district.  The entrance is manned and unassuming and the lobby is very very understated and small. However, the rooms are simply the largest we have ever stayed in within the manhattan area! This includes suites within brand hotels!  The corridors are unbelievably clean and the rooms and bathrooms are spotless. Our party had two rooms 201/202 which are opposite each other at the end of their own little corridor. Not great views as we weren't high enough, but very well appointed.  The breakfast is situated on the fourth floor and is very good with bagels/croissants/muffins/doughnuts and
bubble_40	TripAdvisor reviews are most helpful to me when they deal with expectations and whether or not those expectations were met. For this hotel, we got what we were expecting. But it is key to know that that is:  Here's what it is: - clean - friendly - comfortable - a good deal for NYC, even on a fairly busy 3-day weekend - fairly spacious for NYC hotel rooms  What it is not: - luxurious  Here's the key: if you want the hotel to be part of your glamorous or luxurious experience, then this is not the hotel for you.It has no lobby, no restaurant. It's a clean, decent place to stay.  Room size: We had one room that was double double that was quite small. The other one was enormous. This explains, I think, why people have such different descriptions of the place.  Breakfast room: as
bubble_20	I thought i shopped pretty good and settled on a Manhattan hotel that i could afford, the truth is you get what you pay for. This hotel is just a hallway leading to a desk, then elevators and rooms. I swear if our room was any bigger than 150 sq ft, I'll eat the sheets. Couldnt open a suitcase without laying it on the bed, and the bed was squishy. If you like hot elevators, dogs barking next door to you, and a continental breakfast of day old stuff, then ink up.
bubble_50	Pretty nondescript from the street in quieter part of city.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  Booked this at the last minute and was pleasantly surprised with the hotel.  Quiet room, actually large for NYC standards. Tremendous value for NYC.  Close to subway stop and several restaurants (amazing Indian at Dhaba four blocks away).
bubble_40	I had requested a room on a high floor with a nice view, we (four gals 55 years old) had been placed on the 11th floor facing the empire state building.   The hotel is very clean, the room is huge included in the room is a safe, iron, iron board, hair dryer, table with two chairs, 3 drawers under the t.v. stand, plus a desk.  Two large windows so the room is very bright, plus they open a bit.  Bathroom is large plenty of room for us to get ready in.  Fourth floor has a room for small complimentary breakfast, coffee, bagels, muffins, croissants, orange and cranberry juice.  A few tables, we took our tray and took our coffee/muffins back to our room. Very friendly staff, the maids always say hello plus have a bit of a conversation with you.  The concierge guys very friendly and
bubble_20	At the time of booking the hotel was marked with 4 stars. I do not know how the star rating is done but this is not even near a 4 star hotel.  The good things about this hotel are, the room size and the convenient location in Manhattan. Must say, the staff were polite and helpful.The room furnishing is dated, it belongs to a different era, something like 1980s. The TV is small and very old but hey, who wants to wach telly in the city that doesn't sleep :) The bathroom is very big but the shower old and tiny, and I really mean tiny. The smallest shower I have ever used. The room is noisy for two reasons, the window was facing the back alley and was near some big industrial unit that was noisy, plus the street noise from the Broadway. The most annoying was the noise from the water
bubble_50	We stayed in the Broadway Plaza in April for 4 nights on our first visit to New York. We were a bit worried it might be too far away from everything but instead found to our relief it was really centrally located for all attractions.  We were greeted on the door in new york style by a uniformed doorman who helped us from our yellow cab and carried our luggage for us.  The entrance is a little narrow and we were worried what kind of hotel it would be, but were escorted to recption where we were checked in quickly with no fuss. we had a standard room book for myself my husband and son and were delighted with the size of the room and the amazing  comfortable double beds. plenty of hanging space for clothes, plenty of drawers, table,chairs, desk and tv with some channels.  The
bubble_40	Overall I liked this hotel and there are very few things that I can complain. But good things first. First of all they have excellent customer service and made everything to make my stay pleasant - the staff at front desk, doormen and all personnel were very helpful and provided excellent service. Most importantly, the room stayed in, was very clean, including the washroom. It was fairly fresh and nicely furnished. The location was good as it was 2 min. to a subway station. However, if you like walking, you can enjoy your promenade up the 5th ave to all the shops on the 34th street, including Macy's. It is also within walking proximity to Times Square. They also offered complimentary breakfast, which is not bad.   Hotel itself was very small as was the room too. However, it was
bubble_40	I've stayed in a lot of hotels in New York and as a mid range traveller i'm mostly interested in location. The location one block from the N-R line and 10 minute walk from other major subway stations was ideal.  The hotel is clean and while the rooms are fairly basic they are more than adequate. This is the first time i've been prompted to write a review on this website and i'm doing so to commend the great staff at the hotel.  The door staff are friendly, helpful and courteous. The staff at the front desk were always happy to help (with the exception of the guy fast asleep at the desk at 3am when i had locked myself out of my room). ;-) For me this hotel offers all that i need at a price i can afford. I wanted a comfortable clean room with a decent bathroom and air
bubble_40	Room was great for NYC. Very clean. Large towels. Generous bath. We had a view of the Empire State Bldg. as a corner room.  +Pluses: Desk folks very efficient, informed and provide benefits for repeat stay.  Free luggage storage post checkout. Use of bathroom upon retrieval of bags. Free continental breakfast.  -Minus: Somewhat off the beaten path, hence at night, at bit concerning. But at evening, we dined nearby. No real lobby. Breakfast seating is very limited.
bubble_40	We've been in August with 3 youths. We reserved a junior suite. This type of room have 2 king size bed plus one sofa bed for 2. A fridge is included in the price (seems that it isn't in the standard rooms). Internet wifi price is 9,95$ + taxes (at an average speed).  Rooms are clean as well as sheets and towels. Air conditioner is a bit noisy but well sized for the room. Windows are perfect, so street noise doesn't disturb. Area is pretty quiet during night.  Continental breakfast (only) is served in 4th floor in a too small room. Recommendation: get the tray in the room and take the breakfast in the room. Complimentary tea and (American) coffee is available all day long in 4th floor.  Laundry services can be pretty expensive (more than to buy a new cloth). Instead use LC
bubble_50	We recommend strongly Broadway Plaza Hotel for: Top quality service, top quality cleaning, top willing to help staff Deserves a great A Sanitary Level.
bubble_50	I would highly recommend this hotel, we had a view of Empire State building from our room, only a few blocks to walk there. Subway station on corner with only a few stops to heart of the Big Apple. All the staff were exceptionally helpful & friendly. The room was clean & comfy but don't expect too much for breakfast, typical American fare of pastries, juice was good though. Our first trip to NY & this hotel was perfectly placed to enable us to make the most of it while feeling safe at all times. Great value for money, would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Just left NYC on Saturday and stayed with my family in a junior suite.  The room was huge with a spacious bath, comfortable beds, up- to- date furnishings, paint, curtains, etc.  The maid staff does a great job cleaning the room.  Location is in a warehouse, cheap retail jewelry/perfume area but we always felt completely safe.  At night, it is deserted but relatively quiet for NYC.  Location is excellent for getting around.  Subway stop 1 block over or walk 5 blocks to a major stop with more train options. The hotel entrance and lobby are small but the staff made up for that in being friendly and helpful.  We booked a car to JFK and they handled it for us. ($55 plus tolls).  Breakfast is continental and breakfast room is very tiny--take a tray from your room and bring food back.
bubble_40	When you first approach the hotel, you wonder if you made the right decision.  After checking in and getting to our room (jr suite) we knew we had chosen correctly.  The room was clean and confortable. The breakfast is light as advertised - bagels, muffins, doughnuts, fruit, juices.  The only problems we had were: getting a cab, but we walked a block and usually could secure one fairly quick and maintenance turning our air off during the day.  If travelling to NYC again, I would definitely keep this one at the top of our list.  Anthony, the concierge/door man was most helpful too!
bubble_50	Great location. One block from subway and nearby Lexington ave for dinning and drinks. All who works there pleasant and helpful. Good size room and up to date. Whole bldg clean. We will go back, thanks guys. Mike & Alina McCann
bubble_40	I rate this very good because of the location.  Otherwise this hotel was classic.  Our room was a junior suite and was large.  Housekeeping was great, always leaving extra amenities as we were a large group.  The concierge and bell staff were helpful and friendly.  Now, the location is ideal for anyplace you needed to go.  At night it became dark and dreary.   Definitely would stay again.
bubble_40	First time to NY so was a bit apprehensive about what to expect - room wise.  Access to hotel was easy with concierge on door.  Quick and easy checkin.  Our room was good.  clean and tidy and was serviced daily.  We had large ensuite.  No fridge but ice was available.  Depite beiing on Broadway the room was quiet but I don't think you couldsleep with window open.  Weather was cool so no problems. From window we could see top of Empire State Bldg.  Breakfast is included in rate but the breakfast room is very tiny.  It has only about 4 tables so sometimes we took our bagels and fruit and drink back to our room. The hotel is about 20 min walk from Time Square.  When out at night we still felt safe but the hotel is located in a sort of wholesale distribution area, so not too many
bubble_30	We selected this hotel based on trip advisor reviews. It was one of the few hotels, in its price category without comments of the rooms being to small.  Indeed the size of the room was good, not to small. We had booked a king size bed but the bed was a lot smaller. The airconditioning was very noisy we had to switch it off, but then it became too warm.  The reception and the breakfast room are tiny. On the positive side: the view of the Empire State Building from our window was excellent. The location in the center of Manhattan is excellent.
bubble_50	This hotel is located right in the middle of Times Square. It is convenient to the best theaters as well as Raido City Music Hall. The pace is fast and time goes by quickley. Home to top notch stores as well as small outlets.
bubble_40	It certainly doesn't look much from the outside - but the rooms are comfortable, roomy and clean. We booked two rooms and were on the 9th floor with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. Hotel facilities weren't much to write home about - but there was a plentiful breakfast at the tiny kitchen - lots of sugary muffins, pastries, doughnuts etc. Fresh fruit and bagels also on offer. The rooms were ideal with nice large bathrooms too - complete with little toiletries. Michael at the front desk was full of useful tips on where to eat and he booked us a taxi to the airport - very helpful and pleasant. The best thing about the hotel was that it was in fairly easy reach of many of the landmarks. Great central location. We'd certainly return!
bubble_40	This hotel has the largest rooms for the price I have ever seen in New York (the Jr Suite).  While not the most up to date rooms, they are perfectly comfortable and the two times I stayed there, spotless.  The staff is helpful and the location perfect for walking to a show or downtown.
bubble_40	The small maroon awning and enterance in the beteween perfume and trinket stores hides a great little hotel with clean rooms, nice service, great views of Empire state building from rooms 2 blocks from Park Avenue and one minute walk to subway.  Definitely a bargain for Manhatten and never felt unsafe walking around block. Pizza place downstairs!
bubble_40	Hotel staff was always friendly, courteous and helpful. Rooms were reasonable size, quiet, clean with nice bathroom. Bed had firm, comfortable mattress with foam pillows, Air conditioner worked well. Breakfast room was small and hot so we took breakfast back to our room. Food offered was coffee, milk, bagels/bread, croissants, pastry/donuts, butter, cream cheese, jam. (There is a starbucks one block away) Hotel conveniently located a block or so from access to Subway going up or down town. Taxi to Little Italy or Columbus Circle was about $10. Could walk to Penn Station (about 6 blocks) or Empire State Building. About 1 block to south of hotel on Broadway is very nice plaza/park to walk, sit and/or find a restaurant.
bubble_50	Me and my two girl friends stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in January 2011 for a week. We had an amazing time and found the hotel to be perfect for our needs.  The rooms were extremely large - we booked a room with two double beds so there was plenty of space for three 23 year olds to get ready and store all of our shopping! The beds were comfy and the ensuite bathroom was fine.  There were lots of towels and toiletries and they were changed regurlarly.  The room was cleaned daily.  We loved the breakfasts every morning! There were croissants (although these always went early), fruit, doughnuts, bagels with cream cheese, muffins, juice and tea and coffee.  It was just what we needed to start the day.  The staff were all very friendly although we didn't see much of them as we
bubble_50	We found this hotel to be excellant,staff were very helpful in directions to attractions,an added bonus was the breakfast(continental) also coffee & tea were available in the breakfast room 24Hours.As we had an evening flight we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel while we saw more of New York.
bubble_40	My wife and I visited New York with our teenage daughter and booked this hotel based on location, price and reviews. We were not disappointed! The entrance to the hotel appears quite small, but don't let this put you off in any way. Our  double room was very clean and larger than we were expecting for a New York hotel. We had requested a high room with a view of the Empire State Building,  and that is exactly what we received. The front of house staff were superb - courteous and so obliging. We had lost a $20 bill in the machine of the nearby metro ( tip - use the subway on the other side of the road to buy tickets, it has an attendant!) but a member of the desk staff in the hotel not only obtained a claim form, but offered to post it on our behalf, free of charge.  Nothing was
bubble_50	I stayed here in MArch 2007, the rooms are lovely and big, very comfy and sound proofed. The concierge are fantastic and cant do enough for you! The reception are polite and helpful! The Breakfast bagels are lovely, and great to have tea and coffee in the kitchen especially when you are suffering from jet lag!  And it is only a short walk to MAcy's or the Flat Iron building!
bubble_50	Stayed for 4 nights in this NYC hotel and couldn't have asked for anyting more. Its location was perfect, just a 5 minute walk to Macy's! And the subway was just around the corner.  The hotel itself was spotless. The rooms were big and very comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful enough and the concierge went above and beyond if we had asny queries or requests. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and the location is ideal.  The room we stayed in was clean and a decent size but I did book a two double bed room as I heard that NYC Hotel rooms are very small.  I agree that the immediate area is a bit dodgy but you only have to walk a couple of blocks to reach the nicer parts i.e fifth avenue and Madason Square Garden, plus it's also only a few blocks away from the Empire State building which is fab.  The price of the Hotel is also reasonable but the room where breakfast is provided is a joke so I would recomend going out if you can! All in all I would stay here again.
bubble_30	The problem is that at night, there is no foot traffic on this street, so it doesn't feel safe to talk back to the hotel if you are traveling solo-it actually feels risky for about 5 blocks. The room is fine, the front desk staff is very good. One of the men at the door hit on me - which I didn't like. The location is in Flatiron, so you are about 7 - 10 blocks from Chelsea and then a bit more to the West Village. It is easy to go uptown and down south from the hotel's location. The hotel isn't a bust, it's fine. Yet you can probably find a better deal booking last minute at another hotel. The Holiday Inn express or Leo House in Chelsea looked better for location and for someone traveling solo. Probably won't stay there again.  By the way, one of the guests went to the breakfast
bubble_40	What a great find!  Based on the favorable reviews read here, we decided to stay at the Broadway Plaza hotel for 5 nights on our June 2011 vacation.  When we first arrived I wasn't sure it was a good choice because it's an odd neighborhood for a hotel--mostly just wholesale shops--but it didn't take long to discover we had indeed made a great choice.  Just by walking a block in front of or behind the hotel the neighborhood had a different look and feel.  We always felt safe, and the subway station was so convenient.  The hotel is also within walking distance of many attractions.  We would walk all day and then take the subway back at night.  Our room was large and comfortable with two windows and a nice view of the Empire State Building.  My only complaint about the room is that
bubble_30	The room in the hotel is small but comfortable like other NY city hotels. The hotel in general is clean, the staff is respectful and helpful. The only bad thing about this hotel is the area outside the hotel( dirt, annoying and....) but like I previously said If you already know NY this is an excellent place to stay. The room rate is OK, actually better when you compare other hotels in the area. I would stay again.....
bubble_50	This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel, and we enjoyed it just as we did the first time. This hotel is right in the middle of things with a subway stop two blocks away. The Empire State building is five minutes walk away as is the Flat Iron Building.  The staff are great and the place is spotless. You will not be disapointed when you stay here.
bubble_50	I had a recent trip with my daughters and we all felt the hotel was good. Room was very spacious, clean and beds comfortable. Breakfast room is as described and we were lucky enough to be on the same  floor as this, so took food back to room.  All food was very fresh! Great feature having 24hr tea and coffee available. Streets around hotel were a bit shabby and dark, so we did not feel comfortable walking in the dark. I would say a15-20min walk from Times Square.  Staff very helpful and pleasant.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay at the broadway plaza hotel. the rooms were well presented with everythong we needed and were a very good size. There were 4 of us sharing a room and it still felt very spacious! The staff were very friendly and extremly helpful. The hotel is a 5 min walk away from everything we needed.   On looking at the photos of the Hotel before we went i did expect the reception and breakfast room to be bigger but this didn't bother us at all.  The serve your sel,f all included, contineltal breakfast was fab just thing to get you going before setting off out to see the sights. We tended to take a tray down to the breakfast room and take things back to our room as it was a very small area. But becasue we had a table and chairs in our room this was great. You could
bubble_40	Brilliant stay at this hotel it was basic but for the time we were in the room it was more than enough. The hotel was fifteen minutes walk from time square and the same from greenwich village. The hop on hop off tours are only a five minute walk to get to any of the nearest stops. The room we stayed in had a great view of the empire state building and a massive bed which excited us for a start as we arived at night. We were greeted at the desk by the most helpful chap who gladly offered us all the info on places to eat and drink. I noticed when i looked at previous reviews people were going on about the $100 deposit but if you dont use the net or damage anything you get it back no big deal i would say. The free breakfast was minimal but all you needed as there were places to eat
bubble_40	Lovely staff especially the concierge guys- very helpful. Room was nice and quiet and in super location- no frills but good value for money. Breakfast in morning was added bonus.Would stay again however would call in advance to check room as ours had tiny window only.
bubble_50	After looking at dozens of different hotels in NYC we decided on the Broadway Plaza Hotel based on the price and location but most important to us was that it was very clean.  With the epidemic of bedbugs in the city, we wanted to be assured that this would not be an issue.  This hotel was great.  VERY CLEAN.  and the price was a very good value for the location.  It is located on 27th and Broadway - an easy walk to Times Square, the theatre district, the Empire State Building and Macy's.  Also, the N-R subway is one short block from the hotel.   The staff was super friendly and accomodating.  Check in was easy with a bellman delivering our luggage within minutes of our arrival to the room. There was complimentary continental breakfast included.  We only had coffee there but
bubble_30	The 2 double bed room was large for NY standards, but there was nothing trilling about the room.  It reminded me of a Best Western room in California that would cost less than $60.  Staff was nice and it close to the subway.  I would only recommend if you get a good deal on the price.
bubble_10	We booked this hotel through our travel agents as part of our honeymoon.We got married in Las Vegas and were stopping over for three nights in new york.After all the good reviews we had seen we thought this would be an ideal hotel to stay. I  have to say I've never been as disgusted and horrified with the service we recieved from a member of staff called Peter. I dont know whether it was our travel agent or the hotel who got our booking wrong but we were told we had been put down as a no -show and our rooms had been given to someone else. When we told him that we would ring our travel agents to see what we should do (ie ring other hotel, see if they would pay for other hotel as we had already paid for this one) he become aggressive saying that we couldn,t wait there to get out
bubble_40	The rooms were above average in size for a NYC hotel. The subway station is one block away and only 4 stops to Time Square.  The Continental Breakfast is okay, but the small room it is served in is always crowded. The bathroom is one of the largest I have experienced in NYC.  We have stayed in at least 8 different hotels in New York and this was for the money one of the better ones.
bubble_40	Would definately recomend and stay again. Our rooom 1002 had a fabulous view of the Empire State Building, was big, very clean and comfortable bed. Carpets looked newish. Could not fault for this price bracket, gives 4 star rooms a run for their money. A big bonus is free breakfast, bagels, crouissants, donuts, pastries but be prepared to take to your room as there are only 4 tables, this was no problem. OK so there is no grand entrance but who spends there time in reception! A room on floor 7 would be ideal as the both lifts stop there, only one lift past 7th floor. Breakfast room is on 4th floor.  No free Internet access. Within 15 minutes walk of  Times Square Empire State Building Chrysler Building Grand Central Terminal Macy's Several subway stations  Broadway cafe is
bubble_40	We were nervous about picking a hotel online, but based on mostly favorable reviews, we chose the Broadway Plaza. We liked it very much and were very impressed with the size and cleanliness of our rooms. I only have 2 complaints but they would not keep me from going back. Upon check-in and checking out, the front desk staff were not overly friendly. No smiles, no warm greetings. The only other satff we encountered were the doormen who were much nicer, especially Scott. The other complaint is that the hotel was too hot, everywhere. The reception area, the hallways, the elevators and the room where the continental breakfast was served, felt like saunas to all 4 of us. Our rooms were just as warm when we checked -in, but at least we could adjust the temperature in the rooms, even
bubble_40	My husband & I were looking for a hotel for (1 night) after our valentines day dinner. My main concern was the beg bug issue NYC Hotels seem to be having. We found the broadway plaza had no reports listed on the bed bug registry and looking through the other tripadvisor notes it seemed to be clear. We were surprised to have gotten a very big king size room with no evidence of bed bugs. And extremly clean!! The hotel was realtively inexpensive for NYC and I would definetly return!!!
bubble_40	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza for ten nights in December/January 2010/2011 and we had a great stay. The small breakfast buffet is handy to have and there is a selection of bagels, pastries, fruit, juice and tea and coffee.   We were there during a blizzard and we received a note saying that they were short staffed but you wouldn't have known. Everything still ran smoothly. We also had a few other problems during our stay (unrelated to the hotel) and the staff were helpful and very nice to us.   The rooms were a good size and the place was reasonably quiet. I also liked how you could visit the breakfast room any time for tea or coffee.   The hotel is well situated, there is a subway stop about 20 metres away. We also walked around a lot, and never felt unsafe. Even going to get
bubble_10	Upon arrival I was going to pay in cash I then was told that I would need a $200 deposit. When I asked, "why wasn't I advised of this they couldn't give me an answer". This day and age I am not the only person who doesn't use a credit card and I recently had my identity stolen so I am not ready to get a credit card or have someone else use their's for me. I was very disappointed and felt they should've made an exception, or at least told me before I came in. I had to resort to sleeping basically outside.
bubble_40	The room was clean and well equipped and the staff were so attentive and helpful. I will recommend this hotel in the future. The concierge staff were especially helpful and knowledgeable. I wish there had been tea/coffee making facilities in my room and also the noise of the subway was sometimes quite annoying.
bubble_30	I think the location was skecthy and there seemed to be a lot of riffraff outside.   The bed was a bit lumpy. Good size room. Nice helpful staff.   Cheap rates and no real charm. You get what you pay for.
bubble_50	This was my second stay at the Broadway Plaza. The suites easily accomodate 5 adults. We stayed with our 3 adult children and had plenty of room. There are 2 very comfortable queen beds plus a queen sofa sleeper that works for one person. The sitting area is a nice size, plus there is a desk area and table with 2 chairs and a refrigerator. The bathroom is spacious with space for storing everyone's bath items. The staff is attentive and responds very quickly to all requests. The continental breakfast has great pastries and fresh fruit is available. There is a great cafe around the corner - Cafe 28, for breakfast and dinner. They also deliver to the hotel - delicious, healthy food at an affordable price. The hotel is one block south of the 28th street and Broadway subway station.
bubble_30	On arriving at the Broadway Plaza we were disappointed. Its location is a little shabby and the rooms dated. However it certainly grew on us. The beds were comfortable and bug free, the rooms were clean and the breakfast tasty. It was disappointing not to have tea making facilities in the room but tea and coffee was freely available day and night in the breakfast room.  The hotel is just a short walk from 34th Street and Penn Station and all the main attractions are easily accessable on foot.  If you are a light sleeper then the noise might bother you. Our room was on the 2nd floor and we suffered  some noise from the adjoining room and from outside.
bubble_40	After reading many reviews for a budget-conscious stay in New York City, I chose The Broadway Plaza Hotel. Despite it's distance from Central Park and the Financial District, I found that this hotel was still in easy walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, and the Theatre District. I was pleasantly surprised with the large size of the room, having stayed once at the Hyatt and been distressed by the tiny size of their room. The service staff was excellent, the bellmen always courteous and knowledgeable. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone planning a budget stay in New York.
bubble_50	We chose this hotel because of all  the positive feedback we read on this site, and we were delightfully surprised that all the positive feedback was proven on our stay. We stayed 11 nights in this hotel and were so happy with the room which was beautiful, clean and calming after long days and nights out in the city. The bathroom was also tastefull, clean and modern. The service which was friendly and helpful. The area of the hotel was a short walk from times square and other attractions and very close to the subway. The continental breakfast each morning was also good although you need to get in early to get a seat, but taking a tray back to your room was not a problem, also free tea, coffee and juice all day was helpful. The price we payed was second to none being our third
bubble_50	I travel to New York often for work and am always looking for a hotel that is affordable and nice. I've been through several and I have to say this will be my new favorite! The location is superb. Steps from the train, close to Madison Square Park and the Shake Shack, the Ace, Greeley & Herald squares...You can be in any corner of the city in minutes on the subway and if you want to stay local there are a smathering of great restaurants and shops in the area.   The room was very spacious and the bathroom was cute and spotless! The staff are very friendly and helpful. In the breakfast room on the 4th floor there are tea and coffee available 24 hours. The breakfast was quite impressive with gorgeous pastries, bagels, Apples, Oranges, orange juice, coffee & tea. If you are looking
bubble_50	Believe all you read in the previous good reviews; this hotel is excellent value for money. The rooms by NY standards are enormous, clean and quiet.  The free continental breakfast is huge with massive pastries the size of your face, doughnuts, bagels and endless tea and coffee.  The only downside is you need to arrive pretty much as soon as it opens to bag these wonderful goodies as they will be gone quickly.  Request a room on the 4th floor as this is where the breakfast room is situated (very handy if you want breakfast in bed)!! Taxi fare from JFK to hotel was $60 but once there the subway station is two minutes walk and $6 buys you unlimited travel all day. We were surprised by the price of alcoholic drinks in the city.... in TGI Friday they wanted $10 for a beer!!!!
bubble_50	We always find this hotel to be clean and spacious and the staff is always kind and courteous. The location is perfect for us. We take the train to Penn Station and then walk the few blocks to the hotel. I love that it's nestled quietly and inconspicuously in the city and yet meets all of our traveling needs!! We stay every time whether it's for a concert, a play or just going out to dinner with friends.
bubble_40	Booked this hotel after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and have to say that I have to agree with everyone who gave it a good review. I considered lots of other options, even staying off Manhattan Island, but was willing to pay a premium to be able to stay in the heart of the city. Having arrived at gone 10pm after a really, realy long day involving 2 flights, and a taxi driver from Newark airport who didn't know where he was going, the staff were so understanding in getting us checked in quickly so we could get some sleep. Once we got to our room we crashed straight away, didn't even unpack! When we woke in the morning, we could take in the room properly, and Wow! It was huge, plenty big enough for a 5 night stay when you are only using it as a base. We had a view of the
bubble_40	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 5 nights recently with our two children aged 15 and 11. We travelled with another family and booked two rooms 6 months in advance. We requested adjoining rooms preferably with a view of the Empire State Building but unfortunately we got neither, in fact we were actually on different floors and although our friends had a view of the top of the ESB our view from a very small dark window was dreadful - walls, flat roofs and noisy Air Con units! This was disappointing and made the room very dark. Check in was quick and the staff very helpful. The Room was very large and clean. The Breakfast Room was too small but we used the tray in our room to collect our breakfast and took it back to our room, which many guests seemed to do. Choice consisted of
bubble_40	we stayed in this hotel only one night but they gave us very good spacious room and also they made a check-in 2 hours before. Breakfast is very pure and basic, but for this money its ok. The only one thing we didnt like - its a strong flover/soap smeel in all hotel and room as well. As we noted later, it was air refresher which was pulverizeed by houskeeper. location is also queit good - in a walling distance to everywhere.
bubble_40	A remodeled hotel, not large, on a busy cocrner...but steps from the subway and bus.  Room was quiet.....a large room, well furnishes and more than adequate bathroom.  The continental breakfast ws quite good...quality New York bagels, and pastries from a good vendor.  There were coffee and tea available all the time.  (Well, they ran out of tea bags once.)  The staff very helpful and nice.....and a doorman added safety.  The minus was the cost of the internet, and the erratic service.  Spent too much time fooling with it....and the provider.  Cost was refunded when it was discussed with desk staff.  Pass on it....go to Starbucks or some such.  That was really the only drawback.  A good value in a city of  high priced hotels.
bubble_40	Chung toi rat hai long ve khach san Broadway Plaza. Khach san tuy cu nhung rat than thien, voi nhung bua an sang o tang 4 va cafe luon luon nong cung o tang 4. Di bo vai phut la den ngay Times Square. Metro 27th Street, R line cung rat gan. Chi tiec la phai tra tien vao Internet.
bubble_40	Hi, we are 3 middle-aged girl friends from The Netherlands and spent 5 nights in the Broadway Plaza. Room was a very good size and the beds very comfortable. Plenty of room for three. We'd asked for a room on a higher floor and got what we asked for. It was very quiet and had a nice view towards the Empire State Building. We enjoyed the free breakfast and all-day tea and coffee. Great to come back after a long day sightseeing a grab a cup and it was an easy to start the day. The breakfast room was small, but we normally managed to get a table though many of the guests took their bagels, pastries and drinks to their rooms where there was a small table and chairs. The district is a bit scruffy, but the hotel is very close to the subway and only 2 stops from Times Square. Easy for
bubble_50	Travelled with my husband and 5 other friends. Our room was especially spacious, given that it's NYC. Everyone we spoke with at the hotel was helpful and pleasant. We would def. stay there again. There are some cool places to get a drink or eat within a few blocks and the subway is about a block away. The Museum of Sex is also very close by. As well as a roomy breakfast diner.
bubble_50	Just returned from my first trip to New York City.  Chose Broadway Plaza Hotel after reading about it on the internet because of reasonable price and good reviews.  It was better than I expected.  It may not have a grand entrance but it more than makes up for it with the room.  We had the room with the king sized bed, couch, table and chairs and desk.  The room was very large as was the bathroom.  The bed was really comfortable and most importantly everything was really clean.  Our friends that also stayed there requested a bar fridge and it was up in their room before we returned from lunch.  The staff are very nice and everyone was really helpful.  Compared to everything else that I checked out the price was more than reasonable.  It is also very centrally located.  Just a 20
bubble_50	Short walk to  Empire State Building ,Times  Square  ,Theatre District,
bubble_40	The hotel is a short walk to all the main tourist spots, subway stations are nearby for going farther afield and walking back to the hotel even late at night was no problem.  The rooms were clean and a good size and the breakfast room with 24 hour tea, coffee and soft drinks was really handy. A special word for the staff who were really friendly and helpful.  We'd have no hesitation in booking again.  Newcastle, England
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I took a trip to NYC last year, I had been there before and knew about a few hotels but we took a chance on the Broadway Plaza, we were SO pleasantly surprised. Our cab from Laguardia dropped us off right in front of the hotel where the doorman generously helped us with our bags and was very friendly. The hotel is in a somewhat sketchy area, but really still busy. It is in a great location to Times Square and the subway. We could see the Empire State Building from our window, and it was just a short walk away. The rooms were immaculate... so clean and very modern. The staff was so nice! The doorman greeted us with a "Good Morning" every morning and a "Goodnight!" every night. One night  we were running late to get to a show and needed to grab a taxi, the doorman
bubble_50	The hotel is like central station, then you go up an escalator and you enter the lobby, The reception is very busy and geared towards the business client.  The hotel is extremely clean and very elegant.  It is an fabulous. location for seeing this amazing city, everything in the hotel is very expensive, computer/ internet access is a rip off.  Loved new York  * * * * * always check the price of a cab fare to your destination before you get into one****
bubble_30	This hotel was not bad. It just disappointed because I expected better for the price I paid.  The room was small for a "superior room". There was no mini bar in the room. The breakfast that is served on the 4th floor, well, it is so crammed in a very small room that you have to take it away to your room. There is only one lift (elevator) for 8th to the 13th floors, and sometimes it can get very crowded, with stops on almost all floors - not for the impatient!  The good things were, my room had a great view of The Empire State Building. The customer service was excellent. The maids are very polite. Lots of good quality towels in the bathroom. Very close to the subway station, and if you prefer walking, then you can walk to Times Square in only 15 minutes.  All in all, this is a
bubble_30	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for three nights. Based on all the positive reviews, it looked like it was real good value for the money, which it turns out to be except for one thing which is the mattress. The mattresses are so worn out that it's almost impossible to sleep two in the same bed. After one night of interrupted sleep we asked to be changed room. The second bed was a little better but still lacked in comfort.  The staff is very polite and helpful. Rooms are tidy cleans but the tile ceiling with it's 2x4 fluorescent light felt kinda odd for an hotel room. Both rooms we were in had a nice view of the Empire State Building. Parking is only one block away and not too expensive (25$ / 24 hour period). The location is not bad, it's only a
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed two nights at the Broadway Plaza. It was nice and the staff was very friendly. It's not the most updated hotel but for the money it was worth it. We were pretty far away from Times Square but the subway was one block away. During the day everything is busy and happening but after 8pm all the shops are closed. What I thought was room service actually came from outside the hotel. The only thing i would complain about it the room smelled like smoke. I am a smoke so I didn't mind, but you may want to double check to make sure you are on a non-smoking floor. Next time i will probably choose a hotel closer to the action. But this one is nice. There is a wonderful restuarant down the street called San Rocco go there!!!!!!!!!! (39 West 24th Street BTW 5th & 6th)
bubble_40	hard time finding a nice hotel with nice price, good location and would allow 5 in a room. This hotel met all of my criteria so I figured  we would give it a try. Well worth the price offered on their website. Will definitely use this hotel next time in city. Staff friendly and helpful. Suite was large and clean. Subway 1 block walk is huge plus. Never felt unsafe even walking from subway after midnight. Teen girls loved the stores around hotel. Got jewelry/purses/etc CHEAP!  try purse store right around corner.  Cannot comment on the breakfast because we did not take advantage of it. yes, had to wait couple of minutes on elevators but so what. Clean,comfortable and safe.
bubble_40	Staying in Manhattan is expensive, so this hotel is a great option for anyone on a budget (though it's still not "cheap," especially with the outrageous hotel tax-- but that's at any hotel, so I digress).  The hotel lobby is small, but very nice and clean. The staff is excellent- very polite and willing to help. The only annoyance is waiting for elevators- there are only two to service the 13 floors, but it's manageable.  Our room was clean and decent size- we packed 4 adults in the room. Very clean, though there was one creepy thing- two small child handprints on the back side of the  bathroom door. Creepy, but I'd deal with a lot of weird handprints to save some serious cash (especially with the cost of dining in NYC!).  The breakfast was an excellent perk- I recommend getting
bubble_20	After reading some good reviews, the good location and the included continental breakfast we booked this Hotel for 4 nights during our honeymoon trip. The hotel was renovated not so long ago, but it seems like that they just did a painting in the rooms (furnishment is old, beds are worn out, no minibar in rooms - there are vending machines only on 2 floors) as we met a painter one morning in the staircase. Internet usage in rooms costs 10 Dollars a day, there is no guest computer available for checking mails, do online check-ins for planes etc... The reception staff is trying to do the best, but strictly under control of the managment, who decides everything. Do not expect that you are full up after breakfast or find a place to sit down inside "breakfast room" (only 4 tables up
bubble_40	My family and I stayed here for four nights in June 2010.  This is a good hotel with large, clean rooms, is quite reasonably priced (for NYC) and a helpful staff that is convenient to several subway lines.   Definitely a good value for the money.  We had a room on the second floor, so we didn't have a great view that others have mentioned, and while that would have been nice, it wasn't a big deal.  The room was quite spacious with two queen beds, a dresser/TV combo type thingy, a desk and a small table.  The room was very clean and while the carpet seemed a little old it wasn't gross or disgusting.  There were a few oddities to the room.  I'm not sure if this was an old office building, but there was a set of fluorescent tube lights in the ceiling of our room (right as you
bubble_40	I've spend a fabulous days in New York City and I feel lucky to have been able to sleep in a hotel like Broadway Plaza Hotel. It is in an excellent position, that makes it possible to easily reach the most interesting areas of the city. Particularly it is close at: Time Square and Time Square Underground Station, Central Park and some of most famous building like Flatiron Building and The Empire State Building.
bubble_50	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Broadway Plaza hotel. We stayed for 6 nights and it was a perfect location for exploring New York City. The staff were fantastic, the room was very spacious and the room was spotless.  Breakfast consisted of a couple of pastries and fruit if you were lucky enough to get there before it ran out. The kitchen is small where you eat breakfast and often we found all the seats were full, however they do provide trays so you can take the food back to your room. On the plus side they are one of very few hotels in New York that include breakfast in the price.  The wireless internet signal was extremely weak in our room which meant that the internet was intermittent. After spending a considerable amount of time on the phone to the engineering company
bubble_30	We stayed here for seven nights in a family room with twin double (queen-size) beds. The room was comfortably sized and the view from our room was direct to the Empire State Building. The immediate neighbourhood is perhaps a little run-down but, having said that, we never felt threatened in any way and in case it improved within a couple of blocks in any direction. A short walk to Macy's was attractive to the shoppers in our group and the central location made it a short walk to Times Square and a reasonable if longish walk uptown to Central Park or downtown to Soho and Greenwich village or even on to Ground Zero and Battery Park. Beware internet users however. We had to pay $10/day for wi-fi access on what turned out to be a 1Mbps connection serving the whole hotel! Any ideas
bubble_50	This underrated hotel is in an industrial area, namely the flower district, so it gets overlooked quite a bit.  But it's a nice, solid hotel with good service and totally reasonable rates for New York City.  The room was quite spacious, we had two double beds in an L-shaped room with plenty of space to become disorganized and messy.  The concierge and front of house were very friendly and helpful.  This is definitely where I'm going to stay whenever I'm in New York City and can't mooch off friends and their respective floors.
bubble_50	The hotel is very well located for us as we spend a lot of our time around Chelsea and the mid town area.  We found it was spotlessly clean and the room was a very good size for New York.  The breakfast was very good although it was always a little bit cramped in the breakfast room! But you can always take it back to your room -make sure you take the tray from under the ice bucket in the bedrooms, this makes it easier to transport! The staff were all very friendly and helpful and I would definitely recommend this hotel and personally use it again for another visit
bubble_50	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel for one night; I typically select my hotel from the best availale Travelzoo special for my travel dates, prioritizing cleanliness, comfort and value.  I have stayed at many properties in Manhattan, and this is by far one of the best.  The hotel is a little worn...furnishing are a bit dated, exterior corridors could use a remodel...but the room size, cleanliness and comfort make up for any shortcomings.  Keep in mind, this is not a luxury property; there is no travertine marble, rain showers or room service.  But if you are looking for a wonderful staff, a COMFORTABLE bed and some extra space in your room, this is the place.  Also, the continental breakfast is excellent.  The hotel brings in bagels, donuts and pastries from a bakery...the
bubble_50	I was very impressed by Ken (F O Manager) and his staff for taking good care of me and my family when the city was in chaos over the Volcano issue. My family and I were stranded for threedand needed somewhere to stay until we could get a flight back home to the UK. Ken made us a reservation and we went up to our room and was amazed by the size and the cleaniness of the rooms. We had  just been kicked out of our other hotel and their service did not come near The Broadway Plaza. We would leave to "Have a nice day" and come back to "Welcome back" both basic that you rarely see anymore. We will definately recommend The Broadway Plaza to family and friends and will be back again on our next visit to NYC.
bubble_50	After booking on line I called. I was impressed with Brian as he gave me information that I needed. Being the 1st time in NYC I had many questions. Everything went off just right. Thanks
bubble_40	We just return from New York and this place to stay is perfect; just 20 min walking from Time Square and 2 min from the Iron Building ; very very large and clean room and the quality of the bed look like a five stars hotel; the breakfest is inclued and there's plenty (almond croissants, apple  brioches, bagels, muffins, donuts...) the tea and coffee are available all day long; we were at the 6 th floor and we had a beautiful view on the Empire State Building. We feel safe and we recommand this hotel to you.Good to know, the parking is just one block away and cost 25$/day.
bubble_30	The staff was nice and accomodating.. they have complimentary breakfast..
bubble_50	What a find, 10 minute walk from the main attractions, subway 2 minutes, hotel  basic(no gyms or saunas) but all very clean and staff very friendly and helpful,breakfast comprises of bagels and danish pastries,the pastries are huge ! u can take it back to your room if you fancy it in bed. If you have a late flight they will keep your bags safe and provide a room you can freshen up in also get them to sort your transport to the airport as its cheaper than a taxi, would reccomend this hotel to family and friends
bubble_50	I almost hate to do this, because I want Broadway Plaza to have availability when I go back to NYC....but WOW!!! What value!  What cleanliness!  What service!  What location!  Seriously, this place is a gem.  This was my kids first trip to NYC, and only my second.  I did not have a clue where to stay because last time I had stayed with a friend, who was also my NYC tour guide!  This time, I had to do it on my own.  I could not have picked a better hotel for the money!  First of all, the hotel itself...when you walk in, a consierge's desk is right at the front.  Going down a short, narrow hallway, you reach the front desk.  When we got up to our room, which was ready early for us....we were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness, style, and size of the room.  Two standard,
bubble_50	Spent one night there with my parents, taking them to NYC for the first time.  They aren't used to NY hotel prices and set up, and I was really worried we'd get there and it would be tiny and dingy and, well, a typical NY budget hotel.  And I think we got lucky in a lot of ways as far as room selection - non-smoking, two Queen beds, not close to an elevator or other noise-maker, free upgrade to a larger room on the 4th floor with a view of the Empire State Building.  They said they try to give preference on the best rooms to people who book directly through them or their website.  And we got there shortly after check-in.  In any case, it exceeded all expectations in terms of service, cleanliness, and comfort.  Great central location, amazing value.
bubble_30	Visited New York for my birthday with friends and this hotel was in a convenient location to the activities we had planned. There was nothing special about this hotel, however the rooms are huge. There were 4 of us who stayed in the Double bed Suite which consisted of 2 double beds and a pull out sofabed. The rooms lighting wasn't the greatest and the hotel had a slight mildewy smell but again it was in a great location and the price wasn't bad. Biggest downfall = paper thin walls. We returned from our girls night around 2am however the room next to us didn't get in until about 5am and we were awakened by the commotion coming from their room. I could hear their entire conversation verbatim which consisted of various 4 letter words you don't want to hear that early in the
bubble_50	What a great find!   On the European model of a traveler's city hotel (lots of marble, uniformed attendants) and a desk staff more friendly and helpful than any I've seen for a long time.   Rooms truly spacious.  Junior suite - for the money - has to be best bargain in town!  Easy to load-unload out front with parking nearby at discount ($25!  Unheard of for 24 hours in NYC!).  Then, as if I hadn't been impressed enough, I received a call from the hotel that they'd found my computer power chord!   Imagine!  They tracked ME down.  And I didn't even have cash to leave the housekeeper a tip!!!   I won't stay anywhere else in NYC.   And I'll be sure to bring tip cash next time.  So cool to see the housekeepers in uniforms - please double tip them for me, will ya?  If you're used to
bubble_10	If they put you on the 8th floor you will be sorry.  The noice from the elevator is so loud that you cannot sleep .. at all!  I was told to complain to the manager and when I asked to speak to him was told he is not here.  Read the reviews for this place on hotels.com and you will see this same complaint over and over.  This hotel obviously does not care and they just want to catch the tourist who will never return again.
bubble_40	Stayed at The Broadway Plaza for 5 days and loved it.  The staff was friendly, rooms big and you get your own bathroom.  The location was perfect, walking distance to Empire State Building, Union Square and a lot of shopping nearby.   Also, loved that they had a continental breakfast each morning too.  The only issue I had with the hotel was that the rooms were kept really warm and the air system was hard to control.  If you are on a budget and need a decent place to stay while in New York, this is a great place.
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel in November for a week.  This hotel is in an excellent location, 10 minute walk to Time Square.  The hotel staff are very pleasant and helpful.  The Rooms are very big and comfortable.  I would highly recommend that you stay at this hotel.  This hotel has more positive features than negative.  There is a bit of noise from outside, but to be honest, you will get this regardless of which hotel you stay in.   A trip to NY is a must for everyone, it has fantastic places to visit, Empire State, Statue of Liberty, Central Park etc.. The Bars are amazing and the people very friendly.
bubble_50	Have just returned from a 4 night stay in the broadway plaza, my wife and I took our daughter and her boyfriend to celebrate her 21st birthday. We had a fantastic time and the hotel was everything you would expect, the room was very large (by new york standards) very, very clean. nice practical clean bathroom.The bed was very comfortable as was the hole room in general. Although the breakfast room is tiny (4 x tables) the selection of hot drinks and pasteries was very good. As previously reported don't be put off from the surrounding area, if you arrive late at night the surrounding buidings have all metal shutters, the area looks a little run down, but we never felt anything but safe throughout our entire stay. The hotel is only 7 blocks south of the empire state builing (5
bubble_40	Location was good, all we needed at hand... a good place to explore NYC!
bubble_40	Just back from a stay at the Broadway Plaza and very happy with it.  The hotel entrance is very small and might make you think the worst but don't!  Our room and the bathroom were both spacious and clean.  Staff were very helpful and the help yourself continental breakfast was surprisingly varied and generous.    The hotel is right by the Flat Iron Building and 10 minutes walk from Times Square - basically we found it to be an ideal spot to get around New York from. .  It's in the garment district so lots of small shops selling beads and hangags etc nearby.  These will closed and shuttered if you arrive from the airport or come back late which again can look grim but at no point did we feel unsafe.    One minus point is that we didn't find many good restuarants or diners within
bubble_50	This is a great hotel for location and transport links. The rooms are very large for New York, clean, with large clean bathroom. There is use of an ironing board and a free safe in the room - would definitely return here when next in NYC.
bubble_20	the only good thing about this hotel is that the rooms were large -- the decor came out of a hotel 6 but otherwise decent. The one major complaint is that we did not have hot water one late morning and the manager didn't seem to care about it -- go figure you're in NY!  I recommend this place only if it's your last resort, otherwise, do yourself a favor and skip it.
bubble_50	Don't blink or wou'll miss this place.   It doesn't have a very big street entrance but well worth the effort to go in.   Staff were excellent.   Rooms were extremely comfy and roomy too.   wish we had stayed there for our entire stay in New Yor, our next hotel wasn't anywhere near the standard of this place.   Thank you Broadway Plaza for a great welcome to the big apple.
bubble_30	We stayed here on our honeymoon, The staff were friendly on our arrival, we were shown to our room and the room was large with a large bathroom - this was a nice suprise.  The location was great for the Empire State Building and Macy's and other touristy locations.  The breakfast was very poor, it was supposed to be a continental buffet, on both occasions we went down in the morning there was muffins and the room was very small where the breakfast was being served. We decided to go out for breakfast to a little cafe oposite the hotel on the right hand side... this was fab we went there everyday and it was very cheap.   The only complaint I'd have with the hotel is that in the evenings we could hear some kind of rodent scratching above the ceiling tiles and running above the
bubble_20	Location was okay-- in garment district. My biggest complaints are that the tv, internet (yes, I paid for it), and elevators were did not work well at this hotel. We complained and finally got the internet for free. It's in okay shape, very basic. Beds were small and pretty firm. There's not very much right around the hotel but you can find things in a few blocks. I would give it a 2.5 out of 5 rating.
bubble_50	I have stayed at the Broadway for two different trips to the city and have had perfect service and accomodations each time.  I highly recommend this hotel and will be back.
bubble_40	We stayed here for one night before we flew out of the city.  It was a last minute booking and we got a huge room with two queen beds for $150, including breakfast.  The decor is a bit drab and old fashioned, but it was very comfortable and clean.  There was no coffee/tea in the room, but coffee and soft drinks 24/7 on the floor above.  Wifi was extra.  The neighbourhood is a bit dingy in the evening, but that is because it is in the garment district (Broadway and 27th) and all the shops were closed.  However, it's only two streets up from Madison Sq Garden with bars and restaurants, so by no means isolated and what's more, it made for a quiet night.  Staff were friendly and very helpful.  Breakfast was a bit simple, bagels and machine coffee, but hey, for $150 all in, it was a
bubble_50	My 27 year old youngest son & I travelled to NYC for 5 days from 26 -31st August 2009  and I pre-booked this hotel from Australia, in March of the same year.   At the time of booking (through expedia.com)  Broadway Plaza Hotel was offering a special promotion after refurbishment of the premises.  We arrived after 10pm, and at first I was disconcerted by the appearance - either side of the hotel's smart entrance - by dingy roller doors lining most of the street, giving the appearance of a down-market, 'low-rent' area.  *** (Quite a different vista by day - when roller doors go up & shops window displays give a totally different perspective)  However, we were met by a doorman, and our check-in was seamless - the room large & comfortable with a good sized bathroom. AND LOVELY
bubble_30	Not a bad hotel. One of very few available in New York that served breakfast and that was included in the price. Free coffee was also available throughout the night. Slightly long walk from Times Square after long days of sight seeing, the walk was also through the whole sale district. But generally clean and friendly staff depending who was on duty.
bubble_40	Spent 4 nights at the Broadway Plaza while on a girl's trip to shop and sightsee in NY.  The location is ideal, just 1 block from the subway.  We had superb service from start to finish, received helpful info via email before we even checked in.  The rooms were roomy by NY standards, the 3 of us fit comfortably into a queen superior even after we had shopped for 4 days!  The view from our room on the tenth floor was incredible, it was the Empire State Building which changes the color of its lights almost every night. The continental b'fast was also ideal, perfect for grabbing a bagel and coffee before heading out.  The doormen were helpful arranging a car service to return us to the airport at the end of our stay.  I would absolutely stay there again!
bubble_40	This hotel was OK, only stopped one night. Rooms were very large (was given 1st one by lift machinery and couldn't stop there as was too noisey - don't let them give you one on 8th floor near lift machinery) but they were really good and swapped me to another room straight away on the 3rd floor.  Complimentary breakfast choice was basic, but plentiful and was a clean prep area.  Staff were really helpful & friendly.  Area not great for a single female traveller, OK in day but didn't fancy walking on own there at night - but that's what cabs are for!
bubble_40	My two girlfriends and I stayed here over the Labor Day holiday.  I booked early and got a good price on a studio suite with two queen beds and a sleeper sofa.  The accommodations exceeded our expectations!  The room was very spacious and the bathroom was bigger than the one I have at home.  Everything was very clean and comfortable.  The doorman and bell people were very friendly and helpful.  The location is great and the subway is only one block away.  This is one of the best places we have stayed and will definitely return.
bubble_40	This is a slightly hidden gem that at first sight is a little obscure, but once inside the transformation is stunning. Friendly,helpful staff help welcome you and make you feel comfortable at the outset.  Tony the doorman is really helpful. Indeed from the Manager to the maid all the staff were so kind and helpful.  The kitchen area where breakfast is served can get a wee bit crowded, but we survived. Food for breakfast is basic, but nutritious. Easy access to transport Metro (1 block away) leads you to the NY we want to find.  The bedrooms are very comfortable, shower/bathroom clean and vibrant, and the fact that you can relax knowing your every need is catered for is all you require. "Well done - Manager and staff of Broadway Plaza, you made our stay so enjoyable". Hugh &
bubble_50	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel for 5 nights and loved it. It was a central location with a subway station about a block away. My friend and I felt comfortable in the neighborhood (two young girls walking at night) and never felt we were in each others way in the hotel room.  The room was quiet and clean, two must haves. I was pleased with the staff, very friendly and helpful. We especially appreciated the doorman Tony's help in finding good places to eat and visit.  I would recommend this hotel because it really was perfect for what one needs, a comfortable room while visiting the sights in New York.  The one downside is the elevator was slow so we had to take the stairs a few times (not that big a deal overall) and the breakfast room could get crowded but if you know what
bubble_30	This is a good hotel the stuff is very accommodating and the position is very good. In 5 minutes (by walk) you can reach the Empire and in 10 minutes  you can reach Time Square.  The room was clean and every day it was cleaned again. The price vs quality ratio is very positive with respect to the other hotel in new York. The only not very positive thing is that the breakfast room is very small and so you have to wait to have a table (at least is possible to bring the breakfast in the room).
bubble_30	I chose this hotel because the price relative to its proximity to the city centre sounded like great value and we were not disappointed. The room looks dated but it is still clean and well maintained. The bed was very high and bloated which reminded me of the grand beds you see when visiting stately homes. My son was with me and we were given a double room so they provided us with a folding bed at no extra charge. The toilet and bathroom were clean and well maintained. It's a shame that wifi internet is an extra as I expect it to be complimentary. The staff were helpful and looked after our cases on the day of departure.
bubble_40	We travelled to NY for a leisure trip, hitting up both ball parks, ground zero, time square, soprano tour...etc...I do alot of online reasearch on hotels before I travel, and the reviews sold me on this hotel.  It was alittle shaddy outside on the street, but the hotel is exactly was we wanted.  Something clean, central location, continential breakfast for a reasonable price. Would definately stay there again!
bubble_50	This hotel meet all our needs. The staff were extremely helpful and nice. The room was quite large. The neighborhood was fine. Subway entrance was close by. Breakfast room was small, but we ate in our room. Juice machine was broken. We were extremely impressed with this hotel and would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We were in New York City for 4 days over the July 4th weekend.  My son (8 years) wanted to be within a few blocks of the Empire State Building.  We could see it from our window and that made his weekend.  We walked everywhere from our hotel and only had minimal complaints from the 6 and 8 year old.  Times Square was a bit of a hike but very do-able.  There is a park (with an aquapad) a few blocks away where the kids played while we enjoyed a cup of coffee.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and spacious.  The beds were very comfortable. The continental breakfast was a nice start to the day and offered something for all of us. Toasted bagels and orange juice for the kids and coffee and muffins for us.  They also had a small selection of fruit.   We took it
bubble_40	A very good small inexpensive hotel, near everything and with easy access to the subway.
bubble_50	The location was great. The room was HUGE! The bathroom was HUGE! I have stayed in N.Y. before and have payed more money for rooms that were half the size. Could not hear any noise from the street. Had a good view of the Empire State Building. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The doormen Anthony and Tony were also very friendly and helpful. The breakfast area is small and warm. We took our breakfast to our room where we were comfortable and had control of the tv. The area around the hotel looked a little sketchy at night, but we sometimes rolled in at 3am and felt perfectly safe. The pizza downstairs was really good.  Overall, I would highly recommend the Broadway Plaza Hotel.
bubble_40	This hotel was overall a good choice.  It was a block away from the subway and had a good place to eat next door with great/cheap breakfast (and I assume other food).  As far as the neighborhood, there were people outside that looked a little shady, but honestly, it's new york and they were only there in the day trying to sell stuff, so I never once felt unsafe.  The lobby is really small and sometimes the elevator was a long wait, but who cares?  The rooms were huge and perfect.  I'm a college student and it fit my budget pretty well.  The only stressful part of the experience was pulling up to the hotel, dropping luggage off and trying to figure out how to check in, and then pulling the car all the way back around the block to the parking garage, with crazy busy streets.  The
bubble_50	Located in a commercial area but within easy walking distance of most things.  Large room - we had one for 4 adults with ensuite.  Our breakfasts we ate in our room as the dinning room was too small but not a negative.  The staff were absolutely brilliant, efficient and knowledgable.  Get to know the door men, Tony and Anthony - you guys need a pay rise!  Overall cheap but comfortable - good value for money.
bubble_40	The room was very spacious, clean and nice. The location is great and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was OK, bagel and pastries, OJ, coffee and tea it's all you really need. The breakfast room is very small but you could bring the breakfast to your room. The only bad thing is that there's no restaurants close by and you had to walk for 10-15 min to find good ones.
bubble_50	Wide rooms, views to the Empire building (very near) and excellent service. There is not too many choices for breakfast but I haven't eaten anything better than its toasted bread rolls for breakfast. I suggest you to reserve on Internet, as they consider you're going to write an evaluation later and they will pay you special attention and the best rooms (I think)!
bubble_20	This hotel is very OK.  From the website you get the impression it's quite classy.  It's actually really dingy inside and looks like an old man's batchelor pad.  The location makes it easy to get to all parts of the city though.  I haven't commented on the value because I've never been to New York before so I don't know if that's as good as I could expect!  Definitetly no better than the comfort Inn down the road which is cheaper.
bubble_40	hotel has a very pokey entrance but once inside seemed ok.  Our room was located on the 10th floor which meant we could only get there using one of the 2 elevators, on 2 occasions we waited on the elevator for 10 mins!!.  The surrounding area seems to be dominated by perfume and wig stores with a lot of empty boarded up stores around the hotel.  we didn't feel unsafe walking around the hotel area but we also didnt feel completely at ease.  short walk takes you to the underground which we bought a 7 day pass for, excellent value. the free breakfast is okay to start your day but i wouldnt depend on it,  only 3 tables in a small pokey kitchen, 1 grill machine for bagels/ toast etc so often fighting with other guests to use it.  after 3rd day we decided to eat out for breakfast.
bubble_50	Room was spacious and clean.  Staff was friendly.  The doorman was exceptionally helpful in giving us directions.  The motel is centrally located on Broadway so we spent one day in Time Square and one day in China Town, Little Italy, etc.  We did a lot and saw a lot in 3 days and the Broadway Plaza was a great place to stay.
bubble_40	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel for 6 nights during our first visit to NY.  Excellent value for money, room was a good size on 6th floor with view of Empire State Building.  Breakfast was a good bonus for us, although it got very busy at times.  Room was clean with maid service everyday and lots of hot water.  We found the hotel was in a great location for Times Sq, Macys, Madison Sq Garden, Empire State and the subway.  The area directly around the hotel has lots of wholesale shops and at times there were a number of people hanging around but it never felt unsafe at all.  Would definitely use the hotel again.  We bought bus tour tickets ($80) which were valid for 4 days and included Statue of Liberty ferry crossing, Empire State Building access and some museum access plus
bubble_30	Friendly staff and doormen, room was adequate for the price, but nothing more.  Avoid the "free" breakfast--the coffee is disgusting and you are fighting with all the other cheapskates that choose to stay there for space in the toaster and the lone unbruised banana.  You won't feel good about yourself.  Overall, it's a cheap hotel in NYC and you're getting what you pay for.
bubble_30	Me and my mum arrived in NY, and after waiting for a shuttle to the hotel, and dropping everyone else off, we finally got to the hotel. It was just a little entrance, nothing fancy.  The staff were very friendly and tried their hardest to accomadate us. We booked a room on the 5th floor, and it was a double room and had a good view of the Empire State Building, that was about the only view. We were upgraded to a bigger room due to noisy neighbours and the sound of the lifts and this was free of charge. So our new room was nice, had a good view and nice neighbours! The area is nice, but can be a bit intimidating. Overall, a nice little hotel for its class.
bubble_50	The rooms are great and  very big.  the beds are very nice.  i was in room 201 it had a safe, iron board with iron, hair driyer.  the view was to broadway ave.  yes you have to walk a little but who doesnt like to walk in new york city.  the concierge are very friendly and the cleaning staff do a good job.  love the breackfast and the coffee is great, they even have the newspaper for free.  the tv program is a littly tricky at first but you get use to it, good channels.  i will recommend the hotel to enyone, great place to stay.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for a long weekend earlier this month.  The location is very warehouse/wholesale, but didn't feel unsafe, being just 5 or 6 blocks south of Herald Square and a few blocks north of Chelsea.  Subway (R/W) is less than a block away.  Staff was attentive and helpful, room was a decent size and clean.  The bed was a bit lumpy, but comfortable.  Skip the "free continental breakfast" and walk over to one of the diners in Chelsea.  Would I stay again?  Probably.  It's not a hotel for romantics, for those who don't want to take the subway to get to anyplace or for people who are uncomfortable in a rather deserted section of the city after dark, but if you're looking for a clean relatively comfortable room at a great price for NYC, the Broadway Plaza can't
bubble_50	The Broadway Plaza Hotel is great. It's always a risk booking a hotel in NYC, you never know what you're going to get. Well, I must say I was very pleased. We stayed 2 nights. The first night we booked a Jr. Suite and were very pleased. Lots of room huge bathroom, fridge (not in the bathroom) and sitting area. The second we had a standard king bed room. Again, nice clean room with space to move around. Beds were comfy, free breakfast was adequate and staff is incredibly pleasant and helpful. Everyone from the doormen to the front desk staff and housekeeping were friendly, helpful and chatty. The only negative was the girls in room next to us on night 2 were loud. Not sure if it was minimal room soundproofing or they were just inconsiderate. Either way, hotel staff was
bubble_40	The physical location isn't the best - it's surrounded by wig shops and hair extension palaces.  During the day, there were several people we passed on the way to the subway who made us feel a little anxious.  At one point, we had to walk through a pretty intense argument.  The hotel itself was fine.  We arrived several hours before check-in and they stored our bags at no extra cost.  The NWRQ line is only one block away, which was very convenient.  Our room had two twin beds and was very comfortable.  There were three of us total in the room and while it got slightly crowded at times, I really can't complain.  The best part was probably the very large, very nice bathroom.  As others have mentioned, there is a continental breakfast on the 4th floor in a very small room.  Every
bubble_30	We paid 360 for a double for 4nights, which is excellent for NYC. As mentioned by previous reviewers the immediate area is a little dodgy, Although no one bothered us. Its best to walk down 5th Ave to come+go from the hotel, the surroundings are more pleasant on 5th Ave than on Broadway. Walking distance to almost everything. 20/25mins walk to Times Square, 10mins to Macys & Empire St Building -(dont spend the extra $15 to go to the 102nd floor its not worth it! and the view is alot better from the 86th floor), 2mins to the Flat Iron building you can see it from the hotel front door(the hop on/hop off buses stop here so its handy if you want to get a lift back to the hotel). 28th st subway 1min away. Bus depot to Jersey gardens 15min walk(only $10 for a return ticket out to
bubble_10	My room was incredibly dirty upon checking in. Hotel staff was just "so so".  Would not stay here again.
bubble_40	Found this hotel on tripadvisor and it lived up to the billing.   Taxi from the airport charged the tolls on top of the fixed fee (not much but have some change ready). He didn't know the hotel but found it via the junction Broadway and 27th St.   The staff were friendly and helpful upgrading us on arrival to a corner room with a view of the Empire State Building.   Our room was larger than expected, well decorated (except the wardrobe which was three pieces of white conti board with a rail inside and the safe on top) (see pic)  and the bathroom although not the most expensive fixtures and fittings was clean and more than functional. The Queen was bed comfortable and well dressed. (see pics)    The TV had a choice of free to air News or not so free hard disc film choice.     We
bubble_20	MY boyfriend and i stayed at the broadway plaza for 3 nights in jan 09.......on arriving at the hotel it seemed clean but very small, we were checked in no problem. our room was small but clean and kept very well throughout our stay, we were in room 203 on the second floor.....we did however experience a few problems, the noise was a problem outside with the locals being very vocal outside in the early hours and the tube being a constant source of noise.......also we had a few little visitors in the ceiling, mice running around and scratching all hours!!!!!!  we informed hotel staff on several occassions but they didin't seem to be interested or care about the issue..... hotel location was ok, but if you didn't know your way around you'd be better off staying closer to times
bubble_40	We booked a junior suite. HUGE room high ceilings alot of space. Very reasonable price but make sure you check hotel website and click on specials to make sure you get the lowest rate. We paid an average of $140 a night for a room with 2 quen size beds a sofa bed huge bathroom quite reasonable for nyc.Staff isvery nice and location is very good. The neighborhood might  seem a little sketchy but nobody bothered us and we came back to our room at 11:30 pm both nights and our party was 2 women and a 12 year old girl and I felt completely safe.  Definitely would stay again. One more thing we drove ourselves and parking was easy and convenient and they are more than willing to hold your luggage at the hotel after checkout until you are ready top pick them up and the staff is right
bubble_30	Basically the hotel was good. The room was extremely spacious, very clean, and even the heating worked perfectly! Breakfast is also included in the rate.  But we were very upset about the concierge. He told us it would be better to have him organize a limo to get to JFK airport. A taxi would be extremely expensive since it is very busy to get there at this time of the day. I knew that there is always a flat rate between Manhattan and JFK. When I mentioned that he told me that we were lucky the last time and that wouldn't be the normal case. What a liar! You can read that information on every taxi. We even asked a taxi driver and he confirmed what we knew already. I expect to get a correct and fair information from a concierge. From a limo the hotel gets a provision but not from
bubble_50	We stayed here for the duration of our visit in New York City.  The hotel had great service, large rooms, especially from what I had heard to expect from New York City! We were very pleased, we had a great view of the Empire State Building.  The area was not bad, we felt comfortable walking out at night with our children.  I know I was a bit worried after reading other reviews on here but was pleasantly surprised by everything.  Includes continental breakfast which was nice, and worked out perfect as I get up early than my family and no one was left waiting on others.  What a nice bonus in NY!  Would definitely stay here again!
bubble_40	I traveled to New York before Christmas and found this hotel through the reviews on tripadvisor. I would agree with what the other reviewers have said; it's not luxurious, but it is clean, has all the basic amenities, and is centrally located to the major sites.   We arrived in NY in the morning, before check-in, so we visited a museum first thing. I arrived at the hotel at 2:30. Check-in is at 3, but having travelled extensively I had never had a problem checking in that close to the time. I was shocked when they told us that the room was not ready. The attendant at the front desk did offer a waiting area on the 4th floor to have tea or coffee. But I still found it surprising that they were not ready.  When we did get to check-in we had trouble getting to our room, which was on
bubble_50	If you're looking for a clean, boutique hotel with good service (desk, housekeeping, doorman...) this hotel is certainly worth the price.  Do not expect frills or glamour, but it is clean, recently renovated, and close to a lot of attractions.  About 8 blocks to Times Square, and several subway stations, each about 2 blocks away.  The bed was super comfortable, linens soft and clean, plenty of pillows, and a clean bathroom.  The furniture and fixtures are new and modern (no soiled linens, carpets, or chair coverings) in fact, everything was spotless.  Of course, when you go to NYC it depends on what you're looking for in a hotel.  The entrance was nothing more than a door and an awning, but there is a doorman who offers to call you a taxi, and (obviously) opens the door for you.
bubble_50	Okay its the third time i've stayed in this hotel and it just seems to get better. Checked in with no hassle and staff helped us with the names of local eateries and bus reservations to Woodbury Common. And the evening conceirge (Tony) is HOT!
bubble_40	i stayed at the Broadway Plaza 1-9 Nov. 2007 with my parents and sister. we had two standard rooms, both with queen sized bed, think they were on the 7th floor.  My parents room was a corner room and bigger than ours but both were a good size and clean. Both rooms were on the front of the hotel overlooking the street but it wasn't overly noisy.   The location doesn't look much when you first arrive but its only a 10min walk to time square and we walked back most evenings without no problems.   as other reviewers had said the free breckfast wasn't great but there is a diner in the next building which did breckfasts/pizza and was handy  overall it was just what we wanted/needed as first timers in New York and wouldn't hesitate in recommending/returning
bubble_40	We were a group of 10 adults looking for a comfortable accomodation at a reasonable price, and following the Tripadvisor reports decided for this hotel. We were totally satisfied by the three junior suite rooms, which were clean, large and well furnished. Bathroom was large as well.  I can confirm other guests' opinion that the breakfast room is too small if related to a capacity of 68 rooms, accomodates just four small tables and is obviously always crowded. The best solution is to bring the food, available in large quantity anytime from 7 to 10 a.m., to your room. The hotel offer includes bagels, muffins, pastries, coffee, tee, juice, fruits, butter and jam. Within 100 meters from the hotel you can buy complementary food like yogurt with cereals and fruits. Not all the people
bubble_40	clean, quite, large room, comfortable bed, close to 28th st subway, OK breakfast, helpful staff - only con is no free internet
bubble_40	I took the recommendations of fellow trip advisor travelers and booked this hotel for a 1 night business stay in Nov 2008.  I was not disappointed.  Excellent price for the room quality and amenities.  The room was very clean and the room was on the larger size for a NYC property.    The hotel offers a decent complimentary continental breakfast, but wi-fi/internet access is an additional $10/day.  The entrance to the hotel is a narrow hallway to the front desk, and counter space in the bathroom is limited, but again, the room was very clean, a good size, and the bed was excellent.  The staff was also very helpful.  The hotel is located about 1 block away from the 28th street WR train station, and located close to the Fashion Institute of NY.    Overall, a very decent quality
bubble_30	We went to NYC and stayed in Central Park for a few days before we booked "The Broadway Plaza"  for 2 nights at the end of our week. When we arrived we were fairly impressed though by no means overwhelmed! The entrance is small but re-assuring when you see a well presented friendly door security chap who was very welcoming. The staff at the desk too were fairly friendly. We checked in and went to our Room 802, upon entering my partner and I were very impressed. the room looked clean and tidy and well presented, with a large Old style TV (That Suprisingly had Signal, unusual for many Hotels in NYC) Our room was a corner room and for a Queen size room was a decent size with tidy bathroom. There was also a Drinks machine and Sweets,Crisps dispenser too on our floor. All Good so
bubble_30	Not the best area and rooms a bit basic but was okay for a couple of nights.  Hotel is in Manhattan and the area was a bit run down.  Staff very friendly and rooms basic, large and clean.  Only stayed two nights before flying to Bermuda.
bubble_40	The hotel as well as the staff was great. My room was comfortable as well as clean and roomy. Only 1 block from the subway. I was in NYC for a few days by myself and the fact that many reviews stated the neighborhood was much to be desired at night helped me to make sure I was in my hotel early on the first night.  But it was not bad. The wholesale district closed up about 8pm and it was quiet in the area but I did not feel threatened at all.  For the price, location and cleanliness of the hotel, I'll stay here again.  Definately recommend this one!!I
bubble_50	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza in 04 as part of our honeymoon and recently returned for 6 nights when we ran the marathon Nov 08. This hotel is perfect if you want to be in the heart of Manhattan. It's midtown, close to lots of attractions and the subway is the next block along. The facade is quite small and unassuming, even the looby/reception is small but the staff are exactly as you would want them to be; polite, friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 10th floor, very spacious, huge bed and large bathroom with a bath and shower. It was quiet in the hotel, never saw any children whilst there and the complimentary continental breakfast is adequate (bagels with cream cheese & jam, danish patries, muffins, fresh fruit, juice and tea & coffee) The coffee & tea was available 24
bubble_50	My friend and I met in NYC for business, but also for fun. We were two ladies on our own, and had never been to NYC, so safety was of a concern. We arrived at night. Check-in was very quick and convenient, and we were really pleased with the room. Very spacious, up-to-date and clean, and we had a great view of the Empire State Building. Because it was already getting late, and the area was pretty dark, we decided to stay in and order room service, which is delivered from a nearby restaurant. The food arrived quickly, was very good and a reasonable price. We could hear the elevator in our room, but the sound wasn't bothersome, and didn't interrupt my sleep. One thing I will make note of -- the pillows are very narrow and almost round, nearly like bolsters. I thought they'd be
bubble_50	I have just returned from a weeks stay with my cousin and her friend and having read the reviews i didnt know what to expect. In my opinion the hotel was lovely and i felt quite safe in the area. We had a room with a great view of the ESB.The staff were lovely especially the young doorman tony who helped with any requests that we had no matter how unusual.The rooms were cleaned everyday and were comfortable.Iwould recommend this hotel
bubble_40	The rooms are the reason to stay here.  My room was very large - much larger than expected - and had a big TV, a big desk, and its own air con that was fairly quiet.  The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large with a hot, high pressure shower.    Top marks for giving me what I asked for, i.e. a room on a top floor with a view (unimpeded) of the Empire State Building.  Go for a top floor room if you're a light sleeper - there's very little noise.    The staff are professional and efficient.  The service is not personal, but then you wouldn't expect that in this kind of hotel.    The area is not pretty or pleasant - you wouldn't go for a nice after dinner stroll here - but you're only a minute from the metro so it doesn't matter at all.  And it's perfectly safe - the
bubble_40	We had read the reviews before we went and so knew what to expect.  The area isn't the best (it's amazing how it changes in a couple of blocks!) but as others have said, no-one will bother you (and we were two lone females).  Subway (also non-threatening) is only a block away and Times Sq is an easy walk.  View of Empire State Building from bedroom (windows could do with a clean though!) The room wasn't huge but the bathroom was!  Shower over the bath was great with lots of hot water.  Loads of towels.  Beds - as someone has said - really comfortable with crisp clean sheets.   Aircon was good.  TV with enough free channels!  Safe and iron / ironing board.  Breakfast room is a bit crowded in the morning and so we went out most of the time - but really a bagel in Grand Central
bubble_50	Its taken me ages to write this review because my boyfriend and I actually stayed at the Broadway Plaza last year at the End of April beginning of May (2007).  We initially stayed here for 7 nights then travelled up to Boston and New Hampshire before coming back to New York for 2 more nights.  As we were staying for quite a few nights in New York I was finding some of the other chain hotels to be crazy expensive. After hours trawling through the internet, looking for something half decent but wouldnt break the bank I found the Broadway Plaza.  If I remember right we were about $1500 for the 7nights, booking through the hotel direct  at the time that was about 750  let me remind you that was for 7 nights in a hotel only a few blocks from the empire state building and Macys,
bubble_40	I lived down the street from this hotel a couple years ago, so I was prepared for the trash and hustle of the wholesale district. Yes, this isn't the nicest area of NYC, but you will not get harmed. On the weekend, all the shops are boarded up and there's not as many people around.  For the hotel itself, the staff was great. We had a problem with our theatre tickets, and although they couldn't help, the concierge tried. They were always willing to hail us a cab. They held our bags for us both before we checked in and after we checked out. They were great.  The room was really small, but had a fantastic view of the empire state building and Broadway. I only stayed one night and was barely in the room, so I didn't mind. The bathroom was a good size, although the shower was a stall
bubble_50	We just got back from spending 3 nights at the Plaza...After reading some of the reviews on here we were a little worried, but found out there was nothing to worry about....The hotel was wonderful, our room was very large. There was 4 of us in there and we didnt feel crowded at all. I have payed even more for a room somewhere else and never have had a room that large. The bathroom was huge. The doorman and the concriege Anthony were awesome, as were the people at the front desk. Our first day there we wanted to go to Mars 2112, and we could not find it in the phone book, Anthony told us not to worry he would take care of it, and he sure did, he left us a little note taped to our luggae. The manager was great too.. He gave us great ideas on where to go and where to find a good
bubble_50	Just returned from NYC and a 4 night stay @ Broadway Plaza and it was terrific!!  Better than expected.  We booked our reservations via Travelocity and then read reviews on the TripAdvisor; so we had mixed feelings, but were expecting the best.  Anyone with reservations about whether or not they should stay at this hotel; put them aside, you will not be disappointed.  Myself and 3 friends were very pleased with the room size and arrangement.  The room was very spacious and beds had pillow-top mattresses that slept like a dream.  Most hotels in NYC will not allow 4 adults in the same room without additional charges, but the Broadway did not charge anything extra for the 3rd & 4th persons in the room.  The bathroom was very nice and very large.  We didn't have a view like some
bubble_50	We visited in May 2008 and February 2007, both times we had a thoroughly enjoyable trip, made better by the friendly staff at our hotel. The Broadway Plaza is located conveniently on 27th Street an Broadway. It is an ideal location: Herald Square (including Macy's and the Empire State Building are just 6 or 7 blocks away ~ roughly a 10 minute walk), there are subway stations within a couple of blocks, and buses to both downtown and mistown are wirhin easy reach. Some people have mentioned the area it which the hotel is situated is not particularly great, but as three young(ish!) girls, we did not encounter any problems on either of our trips, even late at night. The hotel itself is clean, tidy and confortable. It is not the most luxurious hotel I have ever stayed in but, to be
bubble_10	I read reviews and they were mixed, but I didn't think  this place would be this bad. Area NOT safe....Rooms smelly ...I do not recommend.  I am a single prof. female and I felt very unsafe here.
bubble_40	A very nice hotel situated on Broadway, the room was quite nice and very spacious for New York standards, however it maybe could do with a bit of refurbishment. The only negative part of the hotel is the ridiculous breakfast routine - there is one tiny room for the whole of the hotel and about 2 (four seater) tables, which is ridiculous for a hotel this size - and we dreaded getting up in the morning to have to trek down to the breakfast room - but eventually we got used to it and made a bit of a laugh and a joke about it.  The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful - especially the concierge who will tell you how to get to places in new york via the subway or will call a private cab for you.  The hotel is situated in the wholesale district of new york - where there are many
bubble_10	This hotel was one of the worst I have ever stayed in. The room we got was supposed to be non smoking but when we walked in the room smelt of old cigarettes. The floor had stains on it the air conditioner didn't work, We asked for 2 beds they only gave us 1. When we first arrived we pulled in front of the building walked inside and the person handling the everything up front asked us where we parked and we said out front the guy looked outside and said "No you aren't" My sister told him to go outside and look and she said "There it is, hows that not our front" He didnt say anything, He gave us a piece of paper and said "park your car in this garage" My sister said that she called the Hotel and they said they would take the car to the garage free of charge. That was a lie. So we
bubble_30	We stayed in the Broadway Plaza Hotel for a girly shopping trip from 18th to 22nd may 2008. There were 3 of us in a room with two large beds, the room was huge and had a safe which was great. The beds are so comfortable, i wanted to take mine home!!! The room was very clean and tended to every day and staff were really friendly.On first impressions we were'nt overly impressed with the area, having read the reviews though we were'nt surprised. When you come out of the hotel there are a few people hanging around trying to sell fake handbags and perfumes, shops in the immediate area are a bit cheap and tacky too. We were'nt spending time around here so it didnt really bother us all that much. The breakfast was ok, reminded me of being in a hostel but there was good coffee and nice
bubble_40	We booked a 6 night trip choosing this hotel from the reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed.  Whilst the hotel is nothing special to look at it is an average clean 3 star hotel.  The complimentary continental breakfast each morning is a bonus.  Tea and coffee is available 24 hours in the breakfast room which is on the small side.  The advantage of this hotel is it's location and the fantastic staff they employ who could not have been more helpful or accommodating.  Location wise the hotel is a short walk from the Empire State Building, Macey's, the Flatiron building and sight seeing bus pick up point.  The rooms are well maintained and cleaned well each day.  The beds are also very soft after a long day sight seeing.  Overall a great stay.
bubble_50	We chose the Broadway Plaza after carefully reading the reviews of many New York Hotels, and were pleasantly surprised.  The hotel has been remodeled recently enough to look fresh and clean, but did not have the new carpet and paint smell, important to me because I have allergies and chemical sensitivities.    There was no perfumed smell in the room, and it really was a non- smoking room that had not been smoked in.  The amenities were too highly perfumed for me to use, but I always travel with my own.  The free continental breakfast was a nice surprise--good coffee, large bagels and pastries, and fruit.    Some of the reviews had reservation about the neighborhood, but I didn't feel worried about it.  During the day I was comfortable walking around alone, and at night, I took a
bubble_50	Having read some of the reviews of this hotel we arrived with some uncertainty about the hotel.  The immediate area is, admittedly, not the best to be found in New York.  But it proved to be fine; some somewhat tacky shops and occasional street traders, but neverthelessa an interesting area and felt totally safe.  Our interactions with the local street inhabitants were all very friendly and extremely courteous.  It also felt very safe at night.  The hotel itself has a very narrow entrance with the reception desk some way down a corridor. The receptionists, concierge and doormen were all very obliging and helpful.  The public areas and our rooms were exceedingly clean, tidy and well decorated.  The bedrooms were also of a very good size, much bigger than we have had on previous
bubble_50	We've just got back from a one week stay at the Broadway Plaza and we loved it! The location is perfect for anyone visiting New York, its pretty central, you're about a two minute walk from the flatiron building and five minutes from the Empire State Building which you could see from our room.  The main complaint made by other people about this hotel seems to be the area and we left feeling a little nervous about it. It's true it's not in the greatest of areas but its no different from lots of other streets in Manhatten unless you're paying to stay in a top of the range hotel. There are some 'cheap' shops and some street sellers around the hotel but neither of these things bothered us at all. We walked back to the hotel quite happily at night, its quiet but we felt perfectly
bubble_40	Hotel was really clean and everyone at the hotel was really friendly.  Hotel location could put some people off as there are a lot of cheap shops around and people hanging around outside them during the day.  I took a previous travellers advice and cut over to 5th Avenue when heading uptown or downtown.  The breakfast wasn't up to much so we usually had it elsewhere.  There's a great cafe called Naturally Tasty on 27th and 5th Avenue that we used for breakfast a lot.  Had a great view of the Empire State Building from our room.  Would definitely use this hotel again.
bubble_10	One of the worst stays at any hotel, EVER.    Upon arriving at our room, found it to be tiny, cramped, and carpet was dirty.  So dirty, in fact, that I stepped on a needle.  Needless to say, stress ensued.  I called the front desk to inform them of this, and all they offered was a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and some bandaids.  Front doorman brings up it, and says I should bring it back down after I'm done with it.  Didn't offer any consolations of any sort, didn't offer to log it in the security books, ...nothing!  Tetanus shot to follow, not excluding stressing about the possibility of contracting anything else.    After calming down from all this, tried to get some shut eye.  It might have been the elevator, but alllllll throughout the night there was a constant, LOUD noise
bubble_40	Great Hotel in all. Area looked a little seedy but really it was totally fine, looks can be deceiptive. Staff extremly freindly and very helpful. Breakfast included , well really coffee and pastry but nice to start the day. Rooms great size and very clean. Maids did a wonderful job everyday of replacing towels, there were 4 in our room, and always a bath towel and hand towel each.Some rooms had view of Empire State but unfortunately ours didnt.  Make sure you visit Ellen's Stardust Diner on Broadway and 51st!
bubble_30	Rooms are clean, small and oddly shaped. You will get stuck next to an elevator shaft if you do not tell then you want quiet. The elevator doors are very close to and face one room per floor. You do not want to be that person! Ding!  I think room service is non-existent.   The hotel is centrally located but its immediate area is a bit low-end.  It is good value but go in pre-warned and push at the front desk!
bubble_40	I had some fears about staying here, due to some of the poor reviews this hotel had on here but I was actually pleasantly surprised! I think some of the reviewers have never actually stayed in a hotel in NYC, because in comparison to other hotels in NYC, this room was fairly spacious, the breakfast was great (as was having coffee and tea available 24 hours), and the location was very convenient. The subway is only a block from the hotel and it was very easy to get around town.   The "locals" who hung around outside were harmless-never approached us...and were only there during the day.   The beds were VERY comfortable here, lots of extra pillows and the staff was extremely helpful without being overbearing. Yes, the breakfast area is small, but we were able to sit down at a
bubble_30	I stayed in the Broadway Plaza for 3 nights from 2 February 2008. I can honestly say that as we neared the hotel in our taxi, having come from Newark Airport via the Holland Tunnel (I think), the area did not give a good impression at all. The hotel is actually above some shady tat shops and a very grotty pizza restaurant, surrounded by intimidating "hoodie" or "homeboy" type gangs which is sad because this is an okay hotel.  We were greeted courteously and shown to our rooms, which were reasonably clean and comfortable. There were a few suspect stains on the carpet and iron burns. The bed was comfortable and the linen was clean. The bathroom was rather dated with a 1970's pvc type cubicle within the bath instead of tiling. Again it was clean and the towels fresh. Another
bubble_30	Hi all..  We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 3 nights having booked direct with the hotel.    I can't compare it with anything else in New York as I've never stayed there before but I'll tell you what I think.  The hotel is situated on the corner of Broadway and west 27th street so its actually only about a ten minute walk from Penn. station if you're coming in from Newark on the train as we did.   The streets  around the hotel are not the smartest as this hotel is in the garment district but we had absolutely no problems.  If you're at all nervous then our tip would be to walk a block across to Fith Avenue instead of walking up Broadway, its nicer,   This section of Broadway has a few groups of hooded locals hanging around during the day but its fine at night and as I said
bubble_40	We were a party of 6 staying for 3 nights. We had 2 rooms, 8th and 12th floor. We both had wonderful views of the Empire State. The staff were extremely helpful and the breakfast room more than adequate. Being a small hotel the coffee/tea on the 4th floor 24/7 was most useful. We arrived in the dark and we were concerned with our immediate impressions of the Hotel. Not a very large entrance hall but once inside it was very pleasant. We found it to be quite central to the things that we wanted to do. We used the subway everyday - purchased the $7 ticket per day - and made endless trips. The subway is a stones throw away from the hotel. The rooms were quite spacious, the beds very comfortable, ample pillows - something I usually have to ask for. The bathroom was certainly big
bubble_50	i have just returned home after spending six nights  at the broadway plaza nyc and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of visiting this great city.the hotel is clean the staff extremely helpful and the views of the empire state building are superb.there is also a decent complimentary breakfast which is a rarity in this city.i will certainly stay here again on my next trip.this hotel is  a bargain for new york.
bubble_10	After a schedule change we cancelled our booking at the Broadway plaza hotel within the 2 day limit. Unfortunately the website we used was based in Europe and the Timezone worked against us (a big watch out for travellers). So Broadway Plaza walked away with over $400USD of our money... for nothing   They refused to provide a refund, they refused to negotiate or even refund part of the amount. With a "...we see the problem but too bad"  The hotel blamed the web provider and vica versa.....and guess who lost....the consumer!   Rude, off hand and almost aggressive in their responses - we were left with a very bad taste in our mouths and were glad in the end we didn't stay there because who knows what the service would have been like face to face.  All we can do is warn other
bubble_40	We were looking for a "not too expensive" option for a three-girl trip to NYC in October, 2007 and the Broadway Plaza fit the bill! It was not in a fancy part of the city, but VERY accessible by subway and taxi to all the big attractions. While the street scene was very plain, once we walked inside we found a clean, well-run hotel with large rooms, comfortable beds, and friendly service. Don't count on a great continental breakfast though --- it is rather meager at best. But you can't beat the price and convenience. I'll definitely book there again!
bubble_30	I chose this hotel based on its proximity to my meeting at 21st St. and Broadway.    The outside doesn't look too impressive and the lobby doesn't do that much to change one's initial impression, but I found the room to be clean, the desk staff, housekeeping staff, and doormen to be very helpful and efficient, the continental breakfast of bagels, donuts, pastries, apples, oranges, juice, coffee, etc., to be adequate for my needs, and the bed reasonably comfortable.  Unlike the pictures on the website, my room had a marble tile floor rather than carpet.  The room reminded me of Comfort Inn-type rooms.  Nothing over the top, but nothing to find fault with.  For $179 a night (booked on the hotel website), I'd stay here again, but the next time I'm in NYC, if any hotel in the
bubble_20	I visit NYC on a regular basis so I am used to the small rooms and overly priced hotels but this was just ridiculous. We paid an arm and a leg for this room so we were at least expecting something semi- decent. First thing, the lobby was tiny and the staff was money hungry for tips. We carried our two bags in and they had a problem with that. Next we get up to the room (non smoking) and there was a stench of smoke in the halls. A huge red stain was on the carpet and other dirty spots all over. The bathroom was tiny and the water pressure was weak. The ONLY positive about this room was the free internet. The hotel is 9.95 per day but we just worked off an unsecured wireless network in the area. Overall: thumbs down. Do your research and find something better. I have stayed in
bubble_50	Stayed at the Broadway Plaza in October 2007 . Read reviews about hotel location so was a little worried but there was no need to be , sure it is in a retail area but we were never bothered and never felt unsafe . It was only a ten minute walk to the Empire State Building and 25 minutes to Times Square . The rooms were large and spotlessly clean as was the rest of the hotel . The free tea and coffee was a bonus as were the GIANT pastries for breakfast which were also complimentary . The reception and concierge were very helpful and friendly unlike most New Yorkers . We paid 650 GB Pounds for four nights which was half the price of bigger chain hotels which have smaller rooms and no breakfast . When we return to New York we would definately stay at the Broadway Plaza .
bubble_20	I booked this hotel in March after reading reviews on another network - but I was extremely disappointed. We booked mainly for the inclusive breakfast and the high standard of cleanliness. However on both points we were very disappointed. The room - despite having paid extra for a 'superior' was very small and very dark, needing the light on even first thing in the morning; and although we had a great view of the Empire State Building there were no chairs or tables to sit at if we brought our breakfast back - which we had to do as the breakfast room was always full and extremely hot!   On the subject of breakfast - forget the hotel and walk across town rather than uptown, where there are some superb and very cheap cafes - forget the one next door to the hotel - it was FILTHY. We
bubble_50	just had a wonderful week in new york with three friends and would go back to the broadway plaza hotel in a heartbeat. originally I read all the reviews on trip advisor and then confirmed with a travel agent that the hotel looked nice and seemed like a good choice from an economical point of view. it is situated in the wholesale part of town but even walking home in the evening we felt very safe. we walked home from times square several nights and it was fine.there is also some good bargains to be found in the area. the staff are so friendly and our room was a huge junior suit giving the four of us space. we had two queen beds and a pull out couch. with the couch was a sitting area and a fridge. then by the other end of the room was a small sitting area with a table and two
bubble_50	I have jus arrived home from New York and a four night sat at the Braodway Plaza hotel. The hotel is in a great location, one block from Fifth Avenue and a ten minute walk to all the shops, Times Square and the Empire State Building. When we arrived the hotel staff were very friendly and could not have been more helpful and welcoming throughout our stay. The rooms were very clean and spacious, 4 of us shared a two bed superior room and it never felt cramped. The bathroom was a decent size too with fresh towels and maid service daily. The hotel provide continental breakfast which was nice but fairly basic! the bagels and doughnuts were very nice, there was also fresh fruit and tea and coffee. My  three friends and I really loved new york and our stay at the Broadway Plaza, i
bubble_50	We stayed in this hotel for a 1 week and all we could say is to recommend this place. All the staff of the Broadway Plaza Hotel are very kind and helpful and the hotel offers a good quality of services. You can ask them anything you want they will help you as best as they can. The rooms were lovely, calm and comfortable with a fantastic view on the Empire State Building. Rooms are equipped with air conditionning, huge TV ,very comfortable beds and bathroom comes with a tube & hair dryer, as well as an iron table. The hotel is in a great location within walking distance from the main attractions (Times Square, Empire State Building, Madison Sq., Greenwich village...). The subway is located near the hotel or you can easily catch a taxi. This hotel is a very good value for money.
bubble_50	We just returned from staying at the Broadway Plaza hotel. Don't be fooled by it's small enterance and reception area. The flat  iron area is not seedy as stated on some websites, we were returning to our room around midnight both nights and had no problems at all. Felt safe at all times. The rooms are spotless, very roomy and beautiful. We were on the 10th floor and had a amazing view of the Empire State building. Beds were comfy and the bathroom was very large. The free breakfast was great. Yummy bagels, donuts and pastries. 24 hour coffee service is a plus. Staff was very friendly and helpfull. We will not hesitate to book our stay there again.
bubble_40	Broadway Plaza Hotel is a very nice and clean hotel targeted to value-conscious travelers - I highly recommend it!  The rooms are spacious and comfortable but the neighborhhod is a bit dodgy.  Don't worry about the location - it is very convenient and you will not be bothered by the local street vendors.  For the $$$, this hotel cannot be beat.  I will definitely return to this hotel in the future.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel located at the heart of NYC. Staff were very friendly! Rooms very cleans! Facilities were the same!   Recommended for every kind of people/traveler!
bubble_40	Just returned yesterday from a 4 day stay at the Broadway Plaza. We stayed in the large 2 bedroom suite. The room and bathroom was very spacious and very clean. There was more then enough room for the 4 adults and 1 child staying in the room. The continental breakfast was very good, the hotel lobby and personnel were exceptional. The hotel is located in the warehouse district were during the day there are a lot of seedy people hanging around. By 6 pm they are all gone. We felt a little uncomfortable a few time with the locals that hung around the area during the day, but not enough to discourage us to not stay there again. The location is central between lower Manhattan and Central Park which is where we spent most of our time. There is a good restaurant 1 1/2 blocks away called
bubble_40	While booking my hotel I used these reviews as my guide line,so i thought I should contribute. I found the reviews I read to be pretty accurate. The location of the hotel is great for getting around town. It is really close to the yellow line subway (28th & Broadway), and mid town, but not the best neighborhood. The  outside of the hotel is basically a narrow doorway. There were always a lot of seedy guys hanging around the outside of the hotel in the day time. What was interesting is they were usually gone in the evening. As far as the inside of the hotel, it was very clean and our room was a good size. We didn't have a great view (it was a small window with a film on it, you couldn't see through), but we had changed rooms because the first room we were given was a smaller bed
bubble_40	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights in April on a girls trip to NYC. For the price of the hotel, it is really good. The room was spacious and very clean. Request a view of the Empire State building, it's worth it. The frontdesk was always helpful. The pizza place 2 doors down was awesome. The downsides...the entry way from the street is very small--we were so shocked to see it in person, the area was shady, mainly at night, but we usually had a taxi drop us off right at the door. A few times during the day we walked and explored, it was not far at all from the Empire State building and that area. We only had breakfast one day, not a big space, but you can take it back to your room. Overall, most people are not in their rooms that much in NYC, so as long
bubble_40	The only thing wrong with the hotel was the slightly seedy location - not nice to look at, but great from the point of view of getting around town.  Especially handy for 5th Avenue and the Chrysler Building.  The room was large and very clean.  Bathroom was fine - lots of hot water, strong shower.  Staff were very friendly, helpful and cheerful - even the receptionist, working on Thanksgiving!    Great value - would definitely go back.
bubble_40	This was my first visit to New York for my 40th birthday.  we were greetde by the Consierge who was friendly and proved to be very very helpful during our stay.  the entrance is very narrow and the hotel stretches back behind the single door entrance.  Our room was comfortable and quite large. The bathroom was clean and quite spacious. The bed was really high and we almost needed a ladder to get into bed every night. But the bedding was clean and bed reasonably  comfortable.   When I arrived in new York I was extremely unwell and neede to urgently see a doctor. Richard the Consierge sorted everything out and was very helpful.  We did try room service, which was OK (but the food in New York I didn't find to be great anywhere!), although this is not run from the hotel . but from a
bubble_40	My friend and I have just returned from a weekend at New York City. The hotel is very good and we had absolutely no problems with the staff. The room we stayed ( a double twin bed ) was pretty big and clean with a/c, TV, big bathroom and all the comforts. Breakfast was good and very typical New York-ish.   The only not pleasant thing I can think of, is the location. Though it is located on Broadway & 27th, this area is not the best to stay in. In fact, it is one of the worst as we have been told by our tour guides. At night, they said, a lot of people go in this area with "bad" habits. Lucky for us the night we stayed there was pouring rain and there was nobody on the streets, having "bad" intentions.
bubble_20	My partner and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel from May 23 through May 28, 2007.  We booked it as part of a joint airline/hotel package through Travelocity and did save several hundred dollars by doing so.  Never again will we skimp.  Next time we will pay the extra money to stay in the Time Square area.     Technically, there's nothing egregiously wrong with the hotel, but it misleadingly advertises itself as a "boutique" hotel.  This couldn't be further from the truth because there's nothing boutique about it.  An "economy" hotel would be a better description.  The building itself was okay; however, when we arrived the main elevator bank was being worked on (never a good sign), and we had to wait several minutes before we could even go to our room.  (There are two
bubble_50	We stayed here for three nights: May 6th, 7th, and 8th.  The room was very big with a double size bed and a queen size bed. The bathroom was large and the shower was extraordinarily efficient with masses of hot water. Although we were four adults sharing, we didn't feel the least bit crowded.  The Miro reproductions--indeed, the Miro and Picasso theme throughout the hotel's decor--were a treat; the hotel was renovated to a high standard in 2006. We found the staff unfailingly courteous and helpful; no question seemed too small for them to take the time to answer. The Flatiron district in which the hotel is located is a lively, multi-ethnic neighborhood where many so-called wholesalers sell everything from oversized belt buckles to delicate gold necklaces to ugly bric--brac; you
bubble_50	Staying here for our honeymoon I called a couple days ahead and requested a room with a view. Got a room on the 10th floor with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building! The rooms are very large, and are nicely furnished with comfortable beds, new furniture and repainted walls. There are nice pastries in the morning along with coffee and juice, my only wish is that there would be some fruit also available. The staff was great from the begining to the very end, going beyond all expectations. The hotel may not be in the prime location of Manhatten but is safe, very quiet at night and is one block from the subway station. Overall this is great choice for all, save your money by staying here and spluge it on a nice dinner.
bubble_20	This hotel was fine, until I realized that the elevator was so loud, not only did I hear it in my room, but it was difficult to sleep. When I complained about it to the front desk, they told me nothing could be done as the hotel was full.  I found it preposterous that they could charge me as much as they did $260 and have that kind of experience.  I agree that this was likely an office building turned into a hotel.  If my room hadn't been so noisy, it would have been just fine otherwise - comfortable bed, clean and spacious (at least for NY).  I will not go back here, for fear of being kept up all night again.
bubble_10	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel on March 20 and March 21.  We were very disappointed with the layout of the hotel itself. The hotel looked like it was transformed from an office building to a hotel. You could tell this was the case as there were only less than 5 rooms per floor. Once you were inside the hotel lobby, there wasn't a lobby. No where to sit, no restrooms, only a couple of people behind a desk serving the hotel guests checking in or out. The lights inside the room weren't lights that you would normally see inside a room. It was a huge fluorescent light that you would see inside an office to offer lighting over once's desk area. The light happened to be over the tv area. There wasn't anywhere in the room to lounge, just two beds and a small desk with one chair.
bubble_40	it was our first stay in the broadway plaza in new york and we were very pleased with the hotel.   The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious, comfortable and very clean and we had a fantastic view of the empire state building (worth requesting when you book).   There is a breakfast room but it was very small and only a limited breakfast available but convenient to have there. There is a vending machine and ice machine too.  We walked to and from the hotel in the day and at night and felt safe in doing so. There is a metro stop close to the hotel which was useful but you are within easy walking distance to the main attractions and bars/restaurants.  We would definaltey go back to this hotel.   Stu and Kel (Wirral, England)
bubble_30	it is close timesquare and the rooms were good size and clean. the breakfast was in a very small area and limited but you get what you pay for if you need for room and proximity it is appealing.  but I would care to walk to this hotel at night alone (be with some one or taxi it would be fine)  a night  the trash is all over the streets after a full day of street vendor selling , there is not restaurants nor are there many other people around after dark.
bubble_50	Excellent Place for the Price in NYC!  It's not Times Square, but I do not have any complaints about this hotel.  It was my first visit to NYC and heard how small  and expensive everything was.  The price was excellent for what you get.  The room was very roomy, the bathroom bigger than most other hotel rooms.   The rooms have recently been upgraded and have nice furniture, a comfortable bed, a vanity table.  Very comfortable and super clean.  There's a free continental breakfast which serves its purpose if you're hungry.   I had requested a view of Empire State and Chrysler Building when I reserved and that was honored.  There are two elevators, but only one reaches upper floors, sometimes that took a bit of waiting, not too bad.  The area is far from the hustle and bustle of
bubble_40	This hotel is located centrally to all of the major tourist attractions in Manhattan. When I stay in New York and I am paying for it, I book at the Broadway Plaza. (When my law firm clients pay, I stay in mid-town at the Hilton) Rooms at the Broadway Plaza are clean and quiet--unless your room faces Broadway, then you'll hear the horns, etc.  As for the "seedy area" comments, this hotel is in the wholesale district where street vendors purchase their wares for sale. You will see Africans, Arabs, Koreans, all sorts of people. If you are afraid of people who look different than you, you may feel uncomfortable. It is very quiet at night because all the vendors are gone and the shops close down.  Breakfast at the hotel is modest and the room small.  But who cares, I feel safe there
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza Hotel made our first visit to New York City a special one.  Great location, friendly and helpful staff, and a very large and very clean room.  Just one block from the subway, too.  A busy neighborhood by day was somewhat deserted at night, but we always felt safe in the area.  Terrific view of the Empire State Building, too.  We've recommended this hotel to family and friends and look forward to our next visit.
bubble_40	This is a great hotel for the price in NYC.  The rooms are huge for a NY hotel and newly renovated.  We booked last minute and were very impressed.  Good location that is central to go to TImes Square or head downtown.  Subway stop is very close.  My husband and I both lived in NYC and have seen many hotels there, This hotel is great if you're trying to stay on a budget.  Comfortable beds, clean rooms, excellent staff, good continental breakfast each morning.  Well worth the stay to save a few bucks!
bubble_40	I spent three nights at BPH to celebrate my wife's "10th 30th birthday".  I was expecting a tiny room that was just clean enough.  I was impressed with the size of our room on the 7th floor in NW the corner side of the building.  We had a queen bed, small sofa, writing desk and spacious bathroom.  Our 3 by 6 foot window looked into the alley way and buildings behind us but did add light. The room was well lit, nice TV and comfy bed.  The shower was small, plastic and dark but we didn't spend a whole lotta time in it so who cared!  I think I paid $189?  It was a bit pricier than normal due to US Open Tennis finals and 5th year 9/11 rememberance events I think.  The location is ideal for what we wanted to do, see some touron sights and lots of Broadway shows.  The subway entrance
bubble_20	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in November 2006 for a business trip. The hotel is in a marginal area of the city, which appears quite deserted and seedy in the evenings. The hotel is obviously much older, but appears to have recently been remodeled. It was very clean, but seemed a bit rundown. The continental breakfast consisted of danish, bagels, and doughnuts served in a tiny room with very few tables. The hotel has no restaurant and no bar. There are also very few upscale or even midscale restaurants in close vicinity. This is definitely NOT a place that I would choose to stay again, even for the low price. With the Broadway Plaza, you get what you pay for...
bubble_20	I stayed here for three nights. There were more problems than benefits. Benefits: Excellent nice staff. Very helpful. Decent location, though at night there is not much open around the hotel, and as a single woman, I wasn't thrilled to be walking around there by myself.  Inexpensive.  The rooms are attractive.  Room service is from a local restaurant ... it was very very good.   Problems: I was near an office and someone was smoking all day, the hall way smelled like smoke. The window seemed like it was going to fall out of the sill; I almost asked to be moved because the window wouldn't close so it was noisy, but I wasn't going to be in the room much anyway. no coffee maker. no internet service. The continental breakfast wasn't so hot. The whole place is pretty old, and since I
bubble_30	Nothing fancy, but clean and realiable. Positives: 1. room and bathroom were very large. 2. room/bathroom were very, very clean. 3.great view of Empire State Building. 4. Very quiet!! 5.Complimentary continental breakfast was plentiful and fresh. 6. Shower water was piping hot and pressure was strong. 7.24/hr. coffee/tea in breakfast room. 8. Staff was friendly and accomodating. 9.They are happy to store your bags after you check out. Negatives: 1.Rooms were just a bit in need of sprucing up. 2.Breakfast room is tiny, just 4 tables, so most people had to haul food back to the room. 3.immediate environs just a bit seedy, but fine a couple of blocks over. 4.no lobby to speak of, just reception desk. 5. We were there last week, one of the peak travel periods, so it was grossly
bubble_40	We had never been to NYC, did a lot of research on hotels, liked the reviews for BPH, and so booked it.  All the reviews were right on.  The hotel is clean, nicely priced, the staff is polite and helpful, and the view of the Empire State Building from our room was spectacular.  Don't be put off that only one elevator goes past the 7th floor, or that the surrounding neighborhood seems at times to be shady - the rest of hotel is nice and we felt plenty safe.  When you stay at BPH, you are getting a deal!
bubble_40	My Mum and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel for 5 nights in September. This was not our first trip to the city but it was one of the more enjoyable hotel experiences we have had. The only reason that we ended up there was that the majority of available rooms in other hotels for that time were either hugely expensive or only had 1 bed. After reading a number of differing reviews I made the choice of this hotel and I am very pleased that we did. To address other reviews, yes it is very quiet at night around the hotel and looks a little scary, but we had no problems at all and felt very safe walking around there. At all times when we passed through the front door of the hotel there was a door man who was very friendly and more than happy to offer helpful advice when we had a
bubble_40	Room was clean and tidy and had a great view of the empire state building and staff were very friendly.  Breakfast was convenient but consisted of pastries and muffins so was not what I was used to (would've been nice if there was cereal and toast).  Price was very affordable compared to all the other hotels in the city (only $169 a night).  Great location - real close to the subway but was in a pretty dodgy part of the city though.    Otherwise it was a great place to stay.
bubble_40	This was our first time in New York and we were a little skeptical on this hotel. We read the reviews on Trip Advisor before we booked but decided to stay. The location was scary at first, but people are actually nice. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was great. This hotel is located near the Subway so we took the Subway everywhere. Definitly by a subway pass if you plan on staying for more than a few days, it was worth it. The hotel is located in the Flat Iron district. It is not far from the Empire State Building, but you will have to ride the Subway to get anywhere else that you want to go. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York for a few days, it was great experience for a first time visit. We will stay here again.  I
bubble_40	The staff were friendly and courteous. The location was great. Room was clean, large and comfortable (a mini bar wouldn't go amiss). Good value for money overall. The only bad thing was the token breakfast. It was only 'served' between 7 and 9am.  When I did make it down in time it was just a coffee room with a few small tables (all occupied). There was a selection of donuts/bagels/pastries on the side which looked OK. I tried to pour a coffee which was weak and tasteless and in the end went to a cafe down the road on 5th avenue. I'd say getting breakfast in a cafe was part of the New York experience anyway! I'd stay there again.
bubble_40	We stayed for two nights in the Boradway Plaza for our first family holiday to the United States at the end of July. Having read all the reviews prior to selecting the Hotel, we were well prepared for this hotel not being in a prime location. However, at no time did we feel unsafe.  This being our first trip to Manhatten, the hotel kindly provided us with a room with a view (Empire State Building) on the 11th Floor. The room was large, very clear and functional.  Although the breakfast could not be compared with any breakfast served in any hotel in Europe (even a small B & B would probably do better) at least it was better than nothing. The Hotel is well positioned and in easy reach of subway stations, Time Square, ESB and Flatiron Building. We even walked the distance from the
bubble_20	So here's the story.  The good:  The Broadway Plaza has great rooms.  They're clean, they're comfy, and if you're not a princess you'll be just fine.  Think Holiday Inn pre-makeover.  Nothing super special, but just fine.  The place is small but there's nothing about the rooms to make you cringe.  Certainly a better deal than Pennsylvania Hotel where my bathroom looked like something out of a horror film.  The workers are generally friendly but there is some slight snappiness at the front desk when they're busy.  The bad:  The lobby is tiny.  Not a big deal, unless you're checking in at the same time as other guests.  The elevator can take forever sometimes, since there is only 1 that guests can use.  The 'free breakfast' room is pretty overrated.  It's more like a lounge in the
bubble_30	We were looking for a hotel in Midtown at a good price for two adults, one teen, and one child.  This hotel filled the bill.  We stayed four nights in June 2006.  It is one block from a subway station and is within walking distance of the Flatiron Building, the Empire State Building, Times Square, etc.  We took the train to NYC and were able to walk the five or six blocks from Penn Station to this hotel.  Being on Broadway, the walk north and south can be quite interesting.  The area is a little bit scary at night, no so much because of unsavory characters, but because the streets are very dark.    The room had two queen beds and was a nice size.  The bathroom was small, but clean.  There were plenty of towels and bed linens for all of us.  The staff was neither friendly nor
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel i july 2005 for 3 nigths with my husbond. We got a room on the 4 th floor with a great view of the Empire State Building. It's in walking distance of most of the attractions. The breakfast is allright, and the staff is very helpfull. The only negative thing is that the surrounding streets seems a bit unfriendly. However, we did not have any problems.  The value is good, considering N.Y. prices.
bubble_20	This was my second stay at The Broadway Plaza hotel, and I have to say I was disappointed this time.  The good parts were both double beds were comfortable, the staff was friendly as always and the downtown location is convenient if you love downtown.  The bad parts were the air conditioner had to be turned off after five minutes because of a very loud noise, the bathtub had standing water during each shower because it was draining very slowly and the elevator was very slow.  If you are staying above the 7th floor there is only one elevator, and it is very slow.  The worst part was I went to get an extra pillow from the shelf, and there was what looked like ceiling tile on the pillow.  I looked up and saw the ceiling looked to be chewed or scratched through.  A piece of carboard
bubble_40	clean, large quad room with large bathroom; friendly, helpful staff; breakfast and breakfast room a bit disappointing, but both did the job; lift is very slow, so must be patient; close to subway; typical new yok neighborhood (ie, busy and potentially dangerous if you're not aware of surroundings, but otherwise fine); one big complaint: pigeons or other rodents seemed to be scratching vigorously all day and night in the walls of the hotel room--a bit disconcerting
bubble_40	No bugs or animals loved the room lots of space worth the stay
bubble_40	Very friendly staff, clean and tidy hotel/room. 24hr tea and coffee a great idea, (buy some mugs if you don't like polystyrene cups). Breakfast of donuts or toasted Bagels and cream cheese/jam,  unusual to us Brits but tasty for a week. Overall a great place to stay and central to most attractions. If you read previous poor reviews note the following:- 1) People are outside with black plastic bin liners because they have bought their 'minimum of 10 items or more' from the wholesale shops lining the street and thats how they are packaged. They do not try to sell to you and it means there is people about all the tme and so its as safe as any where else, (and  I am a worrier). It does look ominous when you first get there but its no problem. 2) The toilet did block but thats
bubble_10	My first time to the US and I absolutely loved NY.  I will come back to this city but there is no way I will ever stay in this hotel again.  The neighbourhood was not the best and the hotel was made to look very scruffy by all the garbage bag people outside.  My girlfriend was actually scared to walk around the area just outside the hotel.  The morning breakfast consisted of a few plates of dry cup cakes and cream cakes. I never ate in the hotel after the first day.  I also got ripped off by vending machines that did not work properly.  The room was scruffy, the carpet was ancient and the bathroom (quite clean) was very dated. The bed was a disaster and I had a bad time sleeping during my stay.  On the first night I thought I could hear rats/mice scratching on the walls!  Total
bubble_50	Arrived at hotel late the night before St Patrick's Day, initially to stay for one night only.  Staff were excellent, very accomodating when I requested extending my stay.  Great hotel for, great price.  Room was massive and very clean.  Location is excellent.  Would definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza next time I'm in New York.
bubble_30	I expected this hotel to be alot better than what it was. We paid $1200 for a 4 night stay the week before Christmas so for that price i expected something a bit more upmarket. The rooms were a fair size but there were marks on the walls, chipped and mismatched furniture and the decor was just generally drab.  I did however enjoy the fact we were within walking distance of Times Square, Fifth Avenue and the Empire State building. There were a lot of street sellers around the hotel selling what i assume were stolen or counterfeit goods. This did intimidate us at first but after a day we just accepted that this was NYC. There were no problems walking through them at all. The staff at the hotel were very helpful. I needed an internet cafe one day and the guy behind the desk gave me
bubble_50	This was my first trip to NYC, and I've always been told you can't get a decent hotel room in this town under $200/night.  Naturally I was a bit suspicious when the rate for the Broadway Plaza Hotel was quoted at $119/night on Travelocity, but the reviews were, for the most part, pretty good and the location seemed acceptable, so I decided to give it a shot.  Man, was I glad I did!  I love this hotel!  The staff is so friendly and helpful, the room was HUGE, and the continental breakfast and 24 hour coffee was great!  True, some have griped about the neighborhood a bit and it's true that the hotel is located in the northern part of the Garment district, but I absolutely loved this colorful area of town.  The neighborhood has a very genuine feel to it - this IS NYC, not some
bubble_30	i needed an overnight hotel stop in between moving apartments in NY - booked this via Orbitz as it was, well cheap.  $98 for the night plus it said it offered room service.  I arrived to be told the hotel was overbooked but they had found me a room - it was a very large room with 2 double beds and a simply enormous bathroom by any NY standards so I suspect if I'd got a $98 room things may have been different.  For me the best thing about the room was it was SO quiet outside, literally the odd car going past but no beeping horns or other NY noises.  "Room service" turns out to be a restaurant next door the hotel has hooked up with which during my stay was closed for renovations but I did get other menus brought to my room plus when the food arrived the security man called me
bubble_40	I had booked the hotel over the internet and was a bit wary from some of the mixed reviews on this site. I had nothing to fear. Upon arrival we were offered a room with a view looking out at the Empire State. The room was spacious for the 2 of us and the bathroom was certainly larger than the Howard johnson I stayed at last year. The room was clean and the service was friendly and efficient.  The neighbourhood is not the greatest in New York. There were certainly crowds of young men selling furs, watches and sportswear from black bags in the street outside during the day but we didn't encounter any problems apart from very busy sidewalks. The area had cleared when we walked back to the hotel at night and we certainly did not feel threatened despite a couple of late night walks
bubble_10	This hotel is terrible.  It is a trap - it appears like a less expensive option when staying in Manhattan - but trust me usually in manhattan you pay $300 a night and stay in what should be a $150 a night hotel - here you pay $150 a stay in what should be a $40 a night hotel.  1.) There is an awful smell permeating the entire hotel that can only be described as somewhere between  rotting food and cheap cleaning agent. I can't overemphasize how a bad smell can ruin an entire stay.   2.) The Elevators don't work. As mentioned prevously the 7th floor (where the vending machines were) was essentially unreachable by elevator - unless you have a crowbar to break down the elevator door. By the way the staircase smells disgusting - I found this out when I was trapped on the 7th floor.
bubble_50	Having flown 22 hrs to arrive in NYC for our first visit, we were greeted by a wonderful Doorman, "Richard" and front desk staff in the evening. If you need anything done or any info. Richard is the man to ask! In fact all the staff were pleasant here. Stayed for 7 glorious nights.   Having read other reviews about the "grittiness" of the area, we welcomed it as part of a true NYC experience, as opposed to staying in a touristy area.   Bustling during the day, however surprisingly quiet at night. Never a feeling of being unsafe at all. Our room on the 6th floor (606) looked straight at Empire State Building. Large Superior Room (2 beds), small dining table, desk, loads of cupboard and hanging space, large bathroom & heated. Very clean, plenty of towels available. Room had a
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights.  We were travelling with our two kids as well as another couple.  Both rooms were on the 4th floor - 403 for the couple faced the street and was roomy but had street noise at night.  408 was at the back and very quiet.  Huge room although tiny shower.  Rooms were very clean.  Breakfast consisted of pastries, bagels, tea, coffee, juice (toaster available as is butter and jam).  Always seemed to be plenty available.  Staff were extremely helpful with all our questions etc.  When we arrived at the hotel (7.30pm) we were a bit unsure of what it would be like because the neighbourhood didn't look so good but it was excellent and the neighbourhood was fine.  Hotel was handy to tourist sights and the on/off bus so suited us just fine.
bubble_40	After reading nearly all the hotel reviews for NY on TripAdvisor, I went for this one, as it was reasonably priced for a largish room.  Went with my mother, for our first-time trip to NY and was very pleased with the hotel. We had one of the superior rooms (as I didn't want us to be falling over each other) and had clean room with two double beds, freshly decorated, good size bathroom with plenty of towels, great view of ESB and plenty of space.  Staff were very pleasant and helpful, the traffic noise (on the 9th floor) much quieter than I expected, and the breakfast of unlimited bagels, cakes and muffins fatal for the waistline! Liked the 24hr tea and coffee available in the breakfast room (so didn't miss not having a kettle in room).  Easy to get around from, plenty of cabs on
bubble_10	Untill recently I had always had nothing but good expieriences with this hotel.  I made my reservation mid october.  When I arrived to check in the rate that I had been quoted had changed.    Though it may have been a fair rate it for that time of year.  It was in fact different than what I was quoted.  When I pointed it out they gladly agreed that the orignial quoted rate would stand.    They were having some work done on thier elevators that weekend thus there was some minor inconvienience due to noise and availability.  Also the cleaning staff never actually cleaned my room.  None of this affected my Opinion of the hotel.  I had always stayed there when visiting new york and figured some growing pains are part of any enterprise.   When I went to check out I found that they
bubble_50	Four of us stayed for 3 night in October and thought this was an excellent hotel. Its small and might not be the most spacious but was very comfortable and is in a great location in Manhattan. The rooms were extremely clean and we found the staff to be more then helpfull. When I return to New York, I will be staying at the Broadway Plaza hotel again.
bubble_40	We stayed here on October 28 for one night in a junior suite, which had a two queen beds, a living room area, and a large bathroom.  It was a very nice and quiet room.  We were on the second floor, but really didn't experience too much noise.  The staff was very helpful in hailing a cab for us and recommending a good place to eat breakfast.  The subway was close and on a line that accesses Times Square and Central Park.  Yes, there are cheap shops around, but who cares?  That's part of New York.  We would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	we spent 5day's at the hotel and staff could not be nicer from edward the doorman and his team to cleaning team and the front desk team all were very helpfull! the hotel is what you make of it despite what other people say there are pub's in the area all you have to do is ask or look!!we found an irish bar on 31st called o'rielly's find it the food in the attatched restaraunt was superb, nice bar to relax in and chill staff all very nice ,we stayed on the 9th floor good view's of empire state building,also subway 1 min away, all attractions minutes away by subway. overall i would stay in the hotel if i was going to new york again and would recomend in to anyone .
bubble_20	We book the hotel based on the picture and the way it look which is very deceiving.  If you don't look closly you will miss the hotel entrance among all the gate on the store fronts.  The lobby is the size of my very small apartment dinning room.  The rooms were clean and a good size but you couldn't look at your self in the mirror of the bathroom and have the door open.  The breakfest they talk about is bad coffee and old donuts.  The breakfast/coffee room is on the 4th floor and smaller than our hotel room.  The staff was friendly but the man who was the door man our first day was then the front desk person the next night.  There were no bars or resturant in the area and at night the street were very dark and abandon.
bubble_50	we picked this hotel after reading some of the reviews and for the money it was one of the more central and higher recommended places to go.  I was not disappointed  The room was a good size, clean, comfortable and everything worked. All you really need when you are just sleeping there after spending your day on your feet seeing the sights.  Maybe if you were on a romantic weekend break you could go a bit more upmarket and go to one of the bigger hotels with views over central park or nearer time square. The hotel is a bit off the tourist centre but this means it is quiet at nightime when you are trying to get to sleep, though you are only 2 stops on the subway from times square and 15mins walk to the empire state or macys.  During the day the shops around sell cheap watches and
bubble_40	Stayed for business.  For me, the hotel location is ideal.  If you are familiar with the city it is, I think, a fine location.  If you are not familiar and want to stay in a more touristy area then I would probably pass....except for the fact that the staff are so helpful that I am sure they could get you anywhere you want to go.  The rooms were large for NY standards and very, very clean.  I was also impressed with the selection and the cleanliness in the breakfast room.  This did become my NYC hotel of choice.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel directly after reading many reviews on this website. I stayed here for a week and would definitely recommend it as good value for money, especially compared to some similarly priced hotels in New York. The rooms were big, clean (maid came every day with fresh towels) and the concierge were really polite and helpful. This wasn't my first time in New York so I felt perfectly safe in the area (contrary to some reviews on here) but I think if recommending to a first time visitor, I would say the area is fairly quiet at night with not much happening so you might prefer staying a bit further uptown or further down in Soho however, I don't really have a bad word to say about my experience here. Breakfast is adequate and they don't mind you taking it to your room.
bubble_40	Thanks to a really good rate from Travelocity, we stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights at the end of August. We had an 8th floor room with a direct view of the Empire State Building, which is nicely lit up in the evening. The carpet was not clean our first night (needed vacuuming) but I left a note for housekeeping and it was taken care of the next morning. Other than that, the room and the bathroom were clean and spacious (much larger than another NYC hotel my husband stayed in earlier this year) and the A/C on low kept the room comfortable. It must have also drowned out any city noises because we slept very well all 4 nights. The staff was friendly all 4 days. The continental breakfast is limited, but you can at least get a bagel (or a pastry), juice and coffee each
bubble_10	The hotel was clean. Other than that, I cannot say why we would want to stay there again.  The room was very noisy due to the fact that all night long trucks moved freight in and out of the many counterfeit merchandise businesses that surround the hotel, and the rooms windows are not sound proof. The room was very hot and we could not turn on the air conditioning because it was very old and even noisier.  Although the hotel advertised that we would get either a king size bed or two queens, we did not get either. We were given a room with one queen size bed. We had chosen this hotel over others because we have a baby and we needed the space, but they told me that they did not see this request in their reservations system and blamed travel agency. They stated that they were full
bubble_40	We spent 4 nights at the Broadway Plaza and found it to be a well kept, clean hotel with LARGE rooms.  The staff was very nice and always willing to help.  The suite we stayed in had two queen size beds and a sitting area with a fold out couch.  The bathroom was HUGE.  We could see the Empire State Building out our window.  Admittedly, this hotel has no street appeal.  It is just a doorway with an awning over it flanked by a wig shop and clothing store.  The immediate neighborhood is one of import/export stores selling clothes, perfume, shoes etc.  A 'real" New York neighborhood which might put off the first time visitor but it was safe and we never found a reason for concern.  At night the stores all shut down making it one of the quietest we have ever stayed in when visiting
bubble_10	I didn't stay there, nor will I ever.  I had booked an online  res. for Sept 3rd.  I called them on aug 15th to see if I could add another person to our room.  The manager wanted to charge me way too much to add one child so I told them to cancel it.  Called them on Sept 1st to make sure it was cancelled only to be told that it wasnt and that they couldn't do it over the phone because I booked it online.  Even though I told the clerk that I did't have access to the internet. Called back to speak to he manager he gave me the run aound.  They charged my credit card for 1 night ($160)  I called back to get a refund was told NO very quickly. I do not recommend this place, they are very rude & mean.  Plus they give folks the run around so they cna keep your money.
bubble_40	Just back from my second stay at the Broadway Plaza, and it more the matched the standards of my last stay.  This time I got a room on the 11th floor, which gave me a brilliant view of the Empire State Building and the beautiful Chrysler Building as well.  The room was a nice size, clean, serviced every day.  The breakfast is well worth getting, although I'd use the tray provided in your room and take it back there rather then eat in the very small dining area.  The staff were once again extremely helpful and plesant, many of them I recognised from last year.  The location is pretty much all I could have wished for, Macys, Times Square, Empire State Building, Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station are all within easy walking distance, Battery Park and the financial district
bubble_30	My family stayed in this hotel for 10 days from August 4th-14th.2005  We needed an hotel with a room which was large enough to accomodate five adults, and that's exactly what we got, a very large room on a lower floor with two Queen Beds and a lounge area with sofa sleeper.  Room was serviced each day, and was large & comfortable.   Coffee, juice & pastries available each morning included in the tariff, and the doormen were most knowledgeable & helpful.  I think I may have been overcharged for one extra person but have not checked  that fully.   Room, although overlooking the street, was quiet, and had a small fridge, certainly one of the largest hotel rooms I have stayed in.    Area was very busy, and although cleaned up each night by the city cleaners, the number of businesses
bubble_10	Checked in and was very pleased with the size of the room (large by NYC standards). But on my final night, a rodent (not sure if it was a mouse or rat) ran across my room floor and under the couch. When I called down, the maintenance man wasn't overly surprised. One of his jobs, he tells me, is to inspect and fill in holes from the rodents. I did get to change rooms, but there was no attempt to compensate for this incident. Wouldn't stay there again.
bubble_40	The Broadway Plaza Hotel is really above average.  The rooms (esp. bathrooms) are very spacious, very clean, and the staff is helpful and polite. The lobby and the breakfast room are small, yes but hey... who cares. We took the food and the coffee to our room and had our breakfast there :)  OK, there were a lot of street sellers around the hotel location, but the atmosphere is really far from threatening.   Within ten minutes you are at Macys and the Empire State Building. A Metro Station is a minute away, so you can reach almost every location within minutes...  I highly recommend this hotel!!! It was a great stay!
bubble_30	Stayed here for 5 nights in March 2005. Room looked as is did in pics on website except a little more wear & tear.  We had a good sized room, the lighting was poor but we only slept and showered so it was fine. I agree the streets outside are a little off putting but none of the vendors approached us or made us feel any way threatened. The location is excellent Macy's is only a 5-10 min walk. The breakfast area is a joke however, people tripping across each other to have a cup of coffee and a doughnut for breakfast. Take my advice and give the breakfast a miss. If you are not a morning person you will not enjoy the experience.  Overall the hotel was good if you shop around for something a little less pricey you will probably get the same standards.  Generous 7/10
bubble_50	I spent a lot of time seaching hotels on the web for NYC and finally settled on the Broadway Plaza, thanks in large part to reviews on this website.  We were not disappointed.  The location could not have been better, just a few blocks walk to everything.  When we arrived on a Sat. the area outside the hotel was the most off-putting part of the stay, very crowded street in front of a very small entrance with lots of bootlegged DVDs on display.  But we prompty forgot all that on seeing the room.  It was very clean with a large bathroom and a wonderful view of the Empire State Building (8th floor).  The staff were very friendly and quite helpful, as was all of New York.  I definately will return to NYC and would stay again at the Broadway Plaza.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel on the basis of previous reviews by Trip Advisor members, and they were right on!  My friend and I stayed here Aug. 8-11 and were not disappointed!  The first impression was a bit unsettling, seeing all the sidewalk vendors right outside the hotel entrance, but they are all over New York, and never bothered us.  The staff was always polite, and very helpful.  The entire place was very clean, even the stairwells!  The room was quite spacious, and had a comfortable bed with plenty of pillows.  It was tastefully decorated and appeared to have a new tub, sink and toilet.  Again, everything was spotless!  It was great to have a hair dryer, and all the little bottles of lotions and shampoos, as I forgot mine!  They offered a continental breakfast with pastries that
bubble_30	True this isnt the greatest neighborhood and the lobby and entrance way are ultra small - but the rooms are huge according to NYC standards! I found my room clean, spacious, well air conditioned and with a full length bathtub!  The nieghborhood is a bit dicey but Starbucks and chic shops are just a few blocks away.  The staff were friendly and accommodated my request for an early check-in (for just $20 extra). High speed internet access is available for a modest fee and 800 calls are free.  I'd stay again.
bubble_20	We stayed for one week, we had booked two rooms together, paid extra for one room with three separate beds.  Rooms were several floors apart, had to wait 24hours before being moved together.  but the 3 bed room -only got a room with two double beds.... When we complained we were told that they didn't have rooms with 3 beds... We were given a fold away bed, but there wasn't any foot space between beds and wall then.  Had to climb over beds to get to bathroom.  Tried it for one night, but so uncomfortable we gave up, Brother and sister teens had to share a double bed.  Imagine my suprise when I read on here that some one had two double beds AND a sofa bed!!   We requested an extra pillow for my 63 yr old mum several times, and were told it would be brought up, it didn't arrive all
bubble_40	We just got back from New York and stayed at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. I found this hotel via the web, including through Trip Advisor. We had a great stay at this hotel and would recommend it.  The room was quite large (two double beds) for the three of us. Plenty of drawer space, a desk, a chair. The bathroom was very spacious and included a tub, not just a shower, plenty of light, and a hair dryer. The room was non-smoking and smelled fresh. The carpet was clean.  We had a problem with the iron (something was scorched on it) and the hotel replaced the iron with a brand-new one right away. The maid service was prompt, efficient, and friendly.  The best part: we had a FABULOUS view of the Empire State Building from our 9th-floor room.  The neighborhood seemed fine,
bubble_50	Don't believe everything you read ! Thats my advice.  We spent hours looking for hotels in New York and then reading the reviews on this website, finally we decided on the Broadway.  For its price it is probably the best decision we ever made.  We took into account the reviews on here and booked via the internet.  SUGGESTION - If you can, request the 13th Floor......you have the whole floor to yourself as its just one room (helps with the lift queues anyway) and the room is gigantic, with a bigger than kingsize bed.  I am 6ft 5 and i felt lost in it !  The most important factor of this room was the unbelievable view of the Empire State! (You can even see your hotel room from the top of the Empire State too!!  Sad i know)  Yes there were a lot of street sellers and people around
bubble_20	Located next to the Hair emporium (they sell 100% real hair or 100% synthetic hair NO  BLENDS!!) in the very unfashionable garment district, the Broadway Plaza is only for the budget minded.   The downsides: All street vendors in all of New York must meet outside this hotel both before and after work and thats not a good thing. The hotel rooms are clean but a bit dingy. The drop ceilings and florescent  lighting make the hotel experience feel more like a night at the office instead of a night a hotelcomplete with lumpy bed. Guest will feel safe knowing there are lots of sprinklers in some roomsmine had 5. Elevators apparently must run on the top and bottom of the hour as there was always a wait to get one.   The upsides: The hotel is cheap, located close to other areas you
bubble_30	Spent two nights at the Broadway Plaza.  We arrived a day early, and while the hotel had rooms available, they wanted to charge $55 above the rate we had confirmed - so, we spent one night at the Edison (who accomodated us at the last minute) and two nights at the Broadway Plaza.  The front desk was businesslike, and neither added or subtracted anything from our stay.  The concierge Richard is very friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and comfortable.  Long waits for elevators is routine.  Breakfast was nothing remarkable.  Broadway Pizza next door serves a very nice breakfast for under $3.00.  Subway is convienient.  We did not like the neighborhood at all.  Loud, vulgar, sweaty people crowd the sidewalks.  It's not that we felt unsafe, it was just unpleasant.  Plus, this
bubble_40	My Husband and I were very satisfied with the service and the room. We arrived early, but that was just fine because we left our luggage with the Hotel Receptionist and went shopping right outside the hotel. By the time we walked 1 block, we purchased cologne, purses, walking suits and a leather wallet.  We were even satisfied with the food off the street cart (chicken and gyro on pita bread).   It was great that the hotel managed to keep an upscale look among all of the action right outside of its doors. Keep up the great service Broadway Plaza. We will return!
bubble_40	Just returned from 3 nights in New York at the Broadway Plaza Hotel . We stayed in a suite with 2 double beds and a sofa bed . The room was very large and clean .All the staff we talked to were extremely helpfull . I did request a room on a higher floor when booking , we were booked into the 2nd floor when we arrived . I mentioned it at check in and they said first thing in the morning we just leave our luggage ready and they would move us up to the 5th floor , we liked the room so much we told them not to bother .We were out touring by  9, back at 6 to change and back at midnight for bed , so for the price we payed for 4 people it was excellent . Yes the area outside the hotel is full of vendors during the day for about 2 blocks however we were not hassled and actually it added
bubble_50	I stayed at the Broadway Plaza on business in April, usually I stay midtown but I wanted to stay closer to meeting location near battery park.  For the price, you cannot beat this hotel.  I've stayed in $300 rooms in NYC that aren't even close to the size and view that this hotel offers.  I stayed on the top floor, awesome view of the Empire State Building.  Location is just okay, but obviously that is why it is cheaper than midtown.  Macy's is seven blocks north, Union Square is 10 blocks south, subway very close to hotel.  Had a few minor issues with the high speed internet, but other than that, I have only positive impressions and will definitely stay again.
bubble_40	If you plan on spending more time seeing the city than hanging out in your hotel, this is definitely a great place to stay.  Very reasonable priced with really large rooms, especially for NYC.  A relatively small hotel on 27th and Broadway, which many reviewers refer to as a shady area.  It's not bad at all, I stayed there during Spring Break with 3 other college girls from California.  If we can handle it, anyone can.  The concierge, Richard is the really friendly and helpful.
bubble_40	For the price, I felt this was a great deal. I got a clean, comfortable room in NY without spending what it cost me to fly there from CA. Recommended.
bubble_40	I too booked a 6 night stay based on the reviews of the Broadway Plaza here on tripadvisor and was not left disappointed with the result.  If your looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is both clean and excellently located....i cant see how you can go wrong here!  The hotel is 2 blocks from the Empire State....very close to Madison Square Gardens and only 10 mins walk to Time Square.  (also v.close to a subway station!)  Our room was fresh, with a great view....reasonably quiet, large, serviced by maids daily and all in all top value for money.  For my first trip to New York....i dont think i could have got a better deal.  If it wasnt for the slowness of the list and the fact that i have been to some more impressive 5 star hotels in my time..........Broadway would probably
bubble_30	If your in New York City for the weekend and you just need a place to crash that is in a convenient area, then the Broadway Plaza is fine.  The hotel itself is nothing to sneeze at. However the rooms were clean and averageT size for a New York City hotel.  The location is the best thing about it.  You are 2 blocks from Macy's and other shopping outlets, and a short cab ride or subway ride into Times Square.  There are restaurants everywhere and plenty of on the street purse hustlers.  So if you more like me and just need a clean, safe place to lay your head and you are more worried about location and going out. Then this is a good spot.
bubble_40	We had a three night stay and found most of the reviews to be on target (Thank you TripAdvisor).  We liked the location and convenience to the subway.  We left a play in Times Square, it was pouring rain and we were steps to the subway back and steps to the hotel, barely getting wet.  Our room was fairly large but had one tiny window with no view.  The layout made no sense.  The door opened right onto the bed, and at the foot of the bed was the dresser which was so close you couldn't roll a suitcase by it so we moved it during our stay.  The bathroom was also large but the toilet, sink and shower were all bunched on one wall, with a small shower.  We considered moving the dresser into the bathroom.  But we were comfortable while we were there.  The real plus is the staff!
bubble_30	Just returned from a 7 day stay in NYC - April 10-16, 2005 with my mother and 10 year old daughter.  We were pleased with the actual hotel however you must know that the neighborhood is definitely sketchy!  We were approached every 10 feet to buy counterfeit purses from some shady characters.  On Saturday and Sunday it was so crowded walking on the street I had to hold my 10 year old very close.  She was a little scared and didn't like the environment.  The hotel itself was clean and the rooms were big.  The continental breakfast was very convenient however I would recommend going on the early side because the breakfast room is VERY small and it gets very crowded around 8:45 am - 9:00 am.  The subway is close and very convenient.  I would stay there again ONLY because of the
bubble_50	Just back from a three night stay in NYC.  I chose this hotel based on previous reviews, and I didn't regret it.  My room was huge (and not just by NY standards!) and although it had no view (in fact the window was very small and gave on a backyard), it was very pleasant, also the bathroom was huge and clean. The continental breakfast (a rare thing in NYC apparently) was OK, although - as indicated by previous reviewers, if you show up after 8 you will want to take your food to your room, as the breakfast lounge is very small.  All in all, excellent value for money (particularly if you manage to get a good rate -- I paid $149 plus tax per night through the hotel website, and as hotel rates go in NYC, it was a bargain!!
bubble_50	We (Family of 2 Adults and a 10 year old child) booked for 9 days at The Broadway Plaza after reading the reviews on this web-site. What we wanted was a hotel that offered value for money as well as being on Manhattan itself. We also needed a smoking room and wanted a private bathroom.  All in all we were very happy with our stay and the next time we visit New York this will be our first choice.  Some people have complained that the hotel is in a business district and so it is "dead" after business hours. As someone who has stayed in "the thick of it" in New York I quite like the fact that I could sleep in relative quiet! For those people that think the street vendors outside are "pushy" try spending some time in places like India or Egypt! Neither my wife or son (or me for that
bubble_50	Just came back from the hotel after staying for 11 nights. This is a very nice hotel, right in the middle of Manhattan, with easy access to all parts of the city. The staff was friendly and very helpful, especially the cleaning staff whom responded very quickly after I told them that I reacted with allergies to the air freshener they used, whereupon they immediately quit using it, for the rest of my stay. The room itself was spacious, with a great king-size bed. The neighbourhood seemed a bit shady at first, but we got quickly used to it, the only complaint being that if your room is on the lower floors, you might get some noise during the daytime.   All in all, a very good tourist class hotel, one that we hope to use on our next trip to New York (hopefully soon!)
bubble_50	We visited in March 2005, Travelling from London. My wife is in a wheelchair but access was great. The room was spacious and the facilities were excelent, we even had a view of the Empire State Building. The breakfast was pastries, donuts, bagles and coffee, there was always enough to go round. The area looks rough but we saw no trouble at night, or many people, and felt safe walking the streets at night. The bus stop is 10 feet away and they run every 10-20 mins. It is 10 mins to Macy's 15 to ESB and 20 to Times square, thats walking with the wheelchair (note all NY buses take wheelchairs but Grey line Do not). Always book direct with the hotel as the rates and rooms are better, if you book early you can oftern get a better price than even they advertise, we stayed for 5 nights
bubble_50	we just came back from new york, we stayed at the broadway plaza from the 15/3/05 to 19/3/05 and had a fab time. There was nothing the staff wouldnt do to make you feel comfortable and at home. we went with my sis and bro-in-law who also recommends this hotel. our room was huge with a massive bed the view from the window wasnt much not that i minded, on the other hand my sister had a slightly smaller room but the view was breath taking when you looked through her bedroom window all you could see was an awesome view of the empire estate building. Each morning between 7 and 9 was a complimentary breakfast with fresh doughnuts hugh muffins bagels orange juice and tea and coffee was available 24/7 which was great, the kitchen is quite small so we use to take our breakfast back to
bubble_40	We felt that the Broadway Plaza was quite expensive, but we heard so many bad things about cheeper hotels that we decided to take this one, and indeed were not disappointed. The Broadway Plaza is hiding between many non-retail shops and street vendors on Broadway street, with a tiny reception area occupied by very friendly and knowledgable stuff. The room was very small, but clean, and sufficient for our needs. An unexpected perk was a very pretty view of the Empire State Building from our window. The complimentary breakfast was very good - bagels, doughnuts and muffins, with cream cheese and very good jam, coffee tea and juice. Only minus is the breakfast room is very small, and you may find yourself waiting... or taking the food to your room. The location is superb - 1/2 a
bubble_30	i stayed at the broadway plaza from 31/01/05 to 07/02/05.  the broadway plaza is by no means the ritz, but it is a great deal for the price you pay.  our room was on the third floor; it was spacious and very clean(house-keeping are wonderful!) and the decor was modern.  the view left a lot to be desired, there was no lobby to speak of and somewhat bizarrely, for those guests lucky enough to be rooming on the 7th floor and above there was only one labouriously slow lift available.  but that, i'm happy to say, was it as far as the negatives went...the location was great, broadway and 27th, subway and bus connections were well within walking distance and there were plenty of taxis available.  also, the hotel is quite centrally placed and so not really that far away from anything,
bubble_30	Well I had followed the reviews here when picking my hotel, so I had to post after I came back. The hotel is in a scary location, but if you walk a block right or left of Broadway it gets better. Another note on location, the hotel is at least 6 blocks from anything you want to see, and about 20 blocks from Time Square and the theatres, so expect alot of walking or shelling out money for a taxi. But the staff at the hotel were very helpful, when we arrived they couldn't find our reservation and the desk man was going to call around for us and then we found that it had accidently been put under my husbands name.
bubble_20	Booked in advance on the net, read the reviews here but had booked already. We arrived in NYC on 7th Feb. got a cab to the hotel, first impressions outside were not great. The entrance is between two small shops we checked in but rooms were ready. The receptionist was ok but not overly helpful, went a walk around the area a lot of quite aggresive street vendors outside the hotel and for the next couple of blocks heading uptown. The room when we got it was very clean and seemed ok, later however a loud noise of an industrial machine droned in our room. I rang down to reception, Richard the consierege came up to check out the noise he was very helpful and appologetic. The noise came from next door he reported and nothing could be done---. We asked if they could swap the room, no
bubble_40	i stayed there for 13 nights in march 03. Great location. 10 min from Macys and the empire state buliding. You have the subway right outside the hotel. I got a room on the 10 th floor with a beautiful view. Nice big clean room.
bubble_40	Have just returned from a 4 night stay here. As other reviewers have pointed out, the area can seem a bit dodgy at first - street traders during the day and pretty quiet at night - but we didn't have any problems. I must admit, if I'd been a female on my own, I may have found it a little intimidating.  The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Macy's, 15 mins from the Empire State. There's also a subway one block away. If, like me, you're a newcomer to NYC, I'd recommend reading up on the subway system first and using a small station like this one to start with - I wouldn't want anyone to have a repeat of our comedy of errors experience at the bigger station on 34th Street! The staff at the hotel were great - very friendly and helpful. We'd put in a request for a smoking room, but none
bubble_50	Terrific. Stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 4 nights in mid-January, '05. Got a great rate online. Neighborhood was fine--safe & secure, one block to subway. Nice, small hotel. All staff were very helpful. Room was huge. When I made the reservation, I put in a special request for a room with two beds. Got it, no problem. The entire place is spotless, including hallways. Even the floor in the elevators shined! The bathroom was really big too, but only had a stall shower. My traveling companion, my sister, likes a bathtub, & the front desk was more than willing to offer a switch. We decided not to bother, but front desk personnel were very accommodating, especially day clerk, Trinity. One day I asked for directions to a place the front-desk staff were not familiar with. They pulled
bubble_30	i stayed here with my parents in oct 04. we got a room with 2 double beds and so got a really good size room, with a view of the empire state. the room was a little basic and a little tatty round the edges, but it was clean and we got a good rate. theres no real reception area to soeak of, just a check in desk, but when you're in such a great city, who wants to sit in the hotel?just down the hall from our room was a handy little room with tables and chairs to help yourself to free tea and coffee 24h and it also had pastries for breakfast. this was a nice touch and very handy to fuel you up for the day ahead. the hotel is about a 10/15 min walk to macys so not a bad location in terms of distance to places, however, its a block or 2 out of the main tourist area, where there are
bubble_50	My boyfriend and myself have just returned from the Broadway Plaza hotel where we stayed from the 31st Dec to the 6th Jan. As other people have stated the lobby is small but so what? If your planning on spending your holiday stood in the hotel lobby then obviously this isn't the place for you! The rooms are large and so are the bathrooms, the beds are massive and really comfortable. The maids are excellent and the free breakfast of bagels, cream cheese and coffee is superb. The breakfast room could be a bit biggr but if you like you can take your breakfast to your room so there's no problem there. The surrounding area is typical New York. For three blocks there are loads of market tradesmen with cheap bags, belts and scarves and such. Its a busy area, that is a littered with the
bubble_50	My wife and I just returned  from our Holiday Vacation in Manhattan and stayed at the Broadway Plaza.  We stayed in room 1103 which had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building.    The rooms, lobby, and even the elevators are kept clean.  The staff was very helpful and we do appreciate the price.  What would have been nice is if the hotel had a restaurant, but we knew ahead of time it didn't.  The subway is in good walking distance from the hotel.  Kudos and hats off to Broadway!!
bubble_50	We are a family of 4 (two kids 10,5) and we were perfectly compfortable in one of the doubles at this hotel. There is a subway station across the street from the hotel, very convenient. wonderful hotel great staff great cont bkfst. the area is a middle class working neighborhood, so it's a little lonely at night, but you soon get used to it. please stay here and enjoy!!!
bubble_20	Stayed there in May 2004 for three nights. Clean rooms, but no lobby or amenities to speak of, and very tiny rooms and facilities. For a little bit more you can stay at Novotel Times Square and have a spectacular view, better room, etc. Also, the nearby discount stores leave their trash all over the street after 6 p.m. and I'm not sure you'd want your daughter walking through that two or three block stretch late at night. Finally, I arrived at the hotel an hour early, and for the privilege of checking in just an hour in advance, I was socked with a $20 surcharge!  The one redeeming factor about this hotel is that it is not far from Times Square, Broadway theatre, etc., but there are many other hotels which are simply must better.   This would be like a budget motel anywhere
bubble_30	Stayed there last Thursday. Immediate area was "seedy" however hotel is in a convenient location and there is a doorman.   I walked to Macy's , Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue etc..  24 hour parking a few blocks away was only 25 dollars  (reg.$40) because of hotel discount.  Staff was very nice.  Lobby, elevator, hallways were spotless.  The room was clean and basic.  Nothing fancy.  Bed seemed old and was creaky but fine.  Linens were clean but 50% polyester.   Towels were clean but could have been nicer. Bathroom was clean but grout around tub was stained and wooden windowsill in shower was covered in mildew.  Bottom line:  If you can get a good rate, this place is fine if you need an economical place to stay that is convenient to everything.  With just a few
bubble_20	We stayed for 5 nights the end of Nov '04. I found the location interesting and convenient. The front desk staff and the doorman were pleasant. The breakfast was ok, carbs and weak coffee. Our only negative would be that our room was not very clean. Crumbs that were on the floor when we checked in were still there 5 days later. The extra blankets were not clean and the pillows smelled. I wouldn't rush back.
bubble_50	This area in the Garment District looks sketchier by day than by night: your evening arrival (practically within walking distance from Penn Sta) will find a quiet urban neighborhood just blocks from Herald Square.  Subway is conveniently a block away.  This is not a "grand hotel" kinda place: reception space is minimal but the welcome is awesome.  Great check-in, elevators were fine, hallways are stone-floored but very very quiet.  Room was huge for NYC, spartan furnishings (reminded me of a Fairfield Inn) but clean and well-maintained.  There are outlets everywhere for your chargers, laptop, iron or whatever...big chains, take notice.  My bed was quite firm, and that was a huge plus for me.  My bathroom was smallish with some wear-in-use but it was clean.  WiFi was slow and
bubble_50	The hotel staff are fantastic, the location great and the room was fabulous.  We had the Junior Suite and it was big enough for four girls with lots of shopping to do and it was spotlessly clean.  The staff were friendly, efficient and very helpful.  We had continental breakfast every morning.  What more could you ask for.  We would highly recommend this hotel.  At first the outside does not look great and the area looks dodgy but we had no problems.  No one bothered us and we were perfectly safe at all times.
bubble_10	One short item: After coming back to my room after being out all day, the door was not locked. Needless to say, not a good experience.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 days in mid-August.  Location was great.  Close to everything by either walking or taking the subway.  Never felt uneasy walking at all hours of the day and night.  The rooms were large and very clean.  Actually, the rooms are massive for New York.  I have never seen such a huge bathroom in any hotel, in any city!  Only had the continental breakfast one morning and it passable.  I agree with the previous comments that continental breakfast area was busy and crowded so we opted to go out and we found a great diner with excellent service up Broadway that had 2 eggs, bacon, toast and juice for $2.50.  We trekked around the area for breakfast the remaining mornings and found great food for very reasonable prices.    The service was
bubble_40	Just returned from a three night stay. The above reviews are right on. The Hotel was clean and nicely designed. The elevators are a tad slow, but very nice and clean as well. The location is fantastic. It is about a block from the N and R lines and with a nice park at Madison Square Park. The complementary breakfast was really nice. Coffee was there every morning before 7, plenty of bagels, pastry, coffee and juice. There were lots of people, so we took it back to the room to eat. Our friends room was even larger, with three nice windows.  The rooms were certainly large enough, nice view of the Statue of Liberty.   Would stay here again. Yes the neighborhood is dead after dark, as it is a commercial area, but I never felt insecure and we walked alot. Great value!
bubble_50	The Broadway Plaza was a wonderful place to stay. It was my first time to the city and I will definetly make reservations again for this hotel. The rooms were clean, the beds were confortable and we had a terrific view of the empire state building. The staff was very courteous and helpful. This hotel really has their act together!
bubble_40	I stayed here with my husband and teenaged brother for four nights.  I was impressed by the size of the room (all three of us were comfortable) and the bathroom was huge!  The decor was nice and everything was very clean.  The complimentary breakfast was adequate, but not terribly exciting.  The desk staff was cheerful and helpful.  They made sure that we had a private car to take us to the airport at a very reasonable rate.  The neighborhood is mostly wholesale clothing stores, which close down at night.  If you are afraid of non-white people, stay home.  We felt perfectly safe at all hours, traveling on foot or by the nearby subways.  Be sure to grab a slice from the pizzeria downstairs!
bubble_50	As one of three females in New York for the first time I couldn't have been happier with this hotel.  The rooms were very large, clean and with all the facilities you need.  Who wants lots of TV channels, you're in New York.  The breakfast was plentiful and fresh, and it was nice to have tea and coffee available 24 hrs.  Room service is also very affordable and nice.  The staff are always pleasant, we asked for a view of the empire state building and got it.  The area may not be the most picturesque but it is in no way intimidating when quiet at night or during it's peak in the day.  When I return to New York I will be booking back into this hotel.
bubble_50	We stayed here in July 04 and were very impressed with the friendly staff, especially the 2 doormen who would also deliver take out food to your door!  At first glance, the surrounding area seemed shabby and a bit run down but this was only because of the cheap shops and market stalls on the street closing by 6pm.  But you only have to walk approx. 2 minutes to find bars, restaurants and shops.  During the day the area comes alive with market traders.  Our room was very big and very clean (the towels and linen were changed every day).  It also had air conditioning which was much appreciated being outside all day in 90 degrees heat!  We will definitely go back to the Broadway Plaza
bubble_40	The bad news first. This hotel is in an awful neighborhood. I visit New York every year and this area is much worse than you would normally expect. The streets are filthy and there are noisy street vendors and peddlers everywhere. Late in the evening, the area gets very quiet and rather spooky. On the plus side, the hotel room and bath were much nicer than I expected. Both were very clean with no problems. The room comes with air conditioning, a TV, a telephone, plenty of towels, a hairdryer, and an iron and ironing board. The continental breakfast each morning (coffee, juice, and pastries) is also nice. Because I am very familiar with New York, I would stay here again. For a first time visitor, the neighborhood might seem scary. Given the price, this is a good buy.
bubble_20	Broadway Plaza was below Par 9/27/04. -Strewn garbage on the street, looks creepy every night -Yellowed, rough, thin towels, bed very creaky, and hard. -Staff knows next to nothing about Internet Connection for the room. The web service never did work for 3 days. -Few TV channels, hotel wanted to "sell" you normal channel availibility like HGTV-an other standard channels. -Rental movies $14.00 plus tax etc. -Bathroom tub calking black, moldy,window edging raw and not even finished. -Bedspread and curtains needed cleaning, dark and drab colors too. Pay a little more and stay in a decent area.
bubble_30	My husband and I just came home this morning from staying at this Hotel.  When we first drove up my husband did not like the area  He was ready to go someplace else.   We did go in and did spend 4 nights here.  I have to say we were very pleased after we got inside. We were in room 904 and had a view of the Empire State Building.  If you like to shop for wholesale items this is the place to stay.  Lots of stores around the whole block.  I spent my share in these stores.  It was very Quite at night and not a lot of people walking up and down hall ways and making noise.
bubble_40	This hotel totally worth the money!! (which might be an exception in NYC)! We are a young couple and liked our stay at the Broadway Plaza very much. The staff is kind and helpful, the rooms are huge, clean and quiet, the subway station is just a block away. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a fair and good deal and isn't eager for a fancy adress. The only thing we didn't like too much about the Broadway Plaza was the breakfast. The breakfast area is very small, too crowded and the food is so-so. Above it all - stay at Broadway Plaza, you'll have a good time.
bubble_50	I was traveling to New York City with my family for a vacation and wanted to stay near the sites and enjoy all the city has to offer. I was apprehensive about picking a hotel and wanted to ensure I found a safe clean hotel for a reasonable price. I read the reviews on this site and chose the Broadway Plaza. It was an excellent choice! Everything they say on the reviews is true. You have to walk around the corner past the little desk to see the lobby, but the place is clean and the rooms are big.  I asked for and received a room facing the Empire State Building which was a beautiful site at night! My room was big and the bathroom was first rate and clean. The hotel doesnt have many rooms per floor which gives it an apartment building feel. The area is busy during the day and
bubble_50	This hotel was perfect.  My friend and I went for 6 days in August, and thought the hotel was clean, safe, and in a great location in the middle of everything.  The neighborhood's not dangerous, just deserted at night.  Within walking distance from the subway, Times Square, etc.  Cannot beat what you get for the price.  Would gladly stay there again.
bubble_50	I thought this was a great hotel for the money.  It was close to everything.  The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful with giving directions.  The room was nice, and it had an excellent view of the Empire State Building.  I will definitely stay at the Broadway Plaza Hotel the next time I go to NYC.
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed there and were a touch unsure of the location initially (based on a couple of other reviews and being two women) however I have no reservations as all about recommending it.  We had had a terrible experience in our previous hotel so asked to check in a couple of days early and these guys were wonderful to us.  Good staff, wonderful large rooms (level 3 and 12), very clean and the location (once you get over how it appears come 10pm at night) was excellent.  Once the night falls and businesses pack up and go home it did seem a bit out there with the roller doors pulled down however you are on Broadway, close to Madison Sq gardens, Empire State building, Macey's and Park Av.   The location was really no worse than several of the hotels up in Times Square and
bubble_40	We stayed at the Broadway Plaza for 5 nights in July - yes the area isn't fancy but definitely not unsafe and very interesting with some good bargains to be had.  Hard to beat with the subway only a block away and easy access to any part of Manhattan. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and the staff friendly and helpful. We loved our view of the Empire State!
bubble_10	The hotel is situated in a bad area so everytime you come out of your hotel you are watching your back.  It is very close to the main area and it is cheap.  However we went to New York fo a week and it took away from the trip as the place is such a dive to return to.  Pay the extra and enjoy a stay in a proper hotel.  Better to have to walk 20 minutes then be in the centre of things in a hovel.  The staff are very nice but as I say no girl will enjoy a stay here. BOOK SOME WHERE ELSE.
bubble_40	We stayed here for 10  nights in January 2003 and were extremely happy with our choice of hotel. This being our first trip to New York we had no idea what to expect - what areas were good or bad, what hotel was best for sightseeing or what was best value for money...the one overwhelming piece of advice that we did get though was 'whatever the bargain, do not stay at the Pennsylvania!' We settled on The Broadway Plaza mainly because they did a very good deal and although some were undecided most descriptions of the place claimed it was a 3* hotel (it now seems to be 2-3*). The staff were lovely from the start although the concierge and receptionist eyed us suspiciously when they noted we were staying there for 10 days - it was the middle of January after all, hardly peak season
bubble_30	As others have noted, the area is "colorful" - chock-a-block with street vendors during the day, and black plastic trash bags at night.  However, the vendors are not insistent; a polite "no thanks" is all that's needed.  These are not panhandlers!  As for the hotel, the staff was very pleasant, and our room on the 11th floor was clean, quiet and boasted views from all four big windows of the Empire State Building.  Quite impressive.  The room furnishings were motel-standard, and the a/c worked very well.  Next time I go to NYC I will probably try to find something in a sllightly more upscale environment, (maybe on a street with a couple of trees on it!), but the Broadway Plaza is a good value in my opinion.
bubble_40	I stayed here from 10-15 June and was pleasantly surprised by it.  The staff were very friendly and helpful toward us, the room was great and the location was ideal!  Would definately recommend it!
bubble_30	Just stayed here last week after reading mostly glowing reviews on this site. I have to say that  for the price I was disappointed. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't worth $159 per night which is what we paid for two people in one room. As others have said, the lobby was without style...or daylight; the staff WAS friendly; and the location was convenient...though a bit seedy. The air conditioning was the noisy in-window type that never quite cooled the room enough even at the highest setting. Decor was bland. I think you can do better for this price.
bubble_40	This hotel was recommended my by sis-n-law.  It's definitely a keeper!  It is only steps from the subway and you can walk in either direction to good shopping and sites.  It's like an average Days Inn (so, only 4 stars) but it's a very clean place and the location is superb!  There's a pizzeria right next door!  Outside our window was a neat view of the street life below.  We will definitely return to Broadway!
bubble_50	What a great place!  The neighborhood seemed a little dicey at first, but it's lively and crowded and very New York and very safe.  My room was huge, immaculate, and quiet with great views and (more importantly) a great shower.   The staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly.  The hotel is walking distance to anywhere - and do walk if you get the chance; it's the best way to experience the city - and if you can't walk to where you're going, the subway is only a block away.  I'll definitely stay there again.
bubble_40	I found the hotel to be quite nice for $150.  My room was rather big and clean.  The neighborhood is not very scenic, but is safe and close to things.  The one thing to note is that the lobby initially is very small and you need to walk to the end to see the registration desk.
bubble_50	Stayed May 17 & 18, 2004.  Booked online without having the luxury of seeing the place, so we were a bit taken back by it's initial appearance.  I even called and tried to cancel my reservation because to be quite honest, we were a bit freaked out.  The neighborhood was not what I expected and the lobby...well there wasn't really a lobby to speak of.  However, the very courteous staff talked me out of cancelling by painting a little different picture of the neighborhood and I'm so glad.  Our room was on the 13th floor and we didn't have any neighbors at all.  The view was terrific...Empire State and Chrysler.  But even better than those, the surrounding appartment buildings with their water towers and gigantic advertisements on the sides gave the flavor of an authentic NYC stay.
bubble_50	Like some other reviewers, my girlfriend and I initially thought 'where is the lobby?'  Then we found it, just walk past the little desk around the corner and you find a big desk with smiling, friendly people manning it!  When we got to our room, we were stunned.  We booked a king sized bed and that was precisely what we got, plus a desk, dresser, private bathroom and table with chairs.  Bigger than my loungeroom at home!  We didn't get a good view, but who wants to spend time looking out a window?  The only worry I had was that the showers next door could be heard at night.  eh, a small problem.  And the neighbourhood is fun.  We walked all the way down Broadway in the middle of the night a felt fine.  Give it a shot!!!
bubble_50	My two sisters and I recently spent three pleasant nights at the Broadway Plaza between 25.03.04 and 28.03.04. We arrived before the 3pm check-in time and the people at the front desk, after trying to get us into our room but being unable to, our bags were safely stored away, to be taken up to our room on our return. On coming back from sightseeing, we checked in and were pleasantly surprised that the room was very similar to what was shown in the brochure. The differences being there wasn't a bucket of champagne on ice or flowers in the bathroom - we clearly weren't bothered about that. The room was clean, tidy, very spacious and had a lovely view of The Empire State Building. There was an ice bucket, glass tumblers, rails to hang your clothes up on and a (working) large TV
bubble_40	Would highly recommend this hotel. We stayed for a week April 26th - May 3rd this year and had no problems. Room was really big and clean. We asked for a view of the Empire State building and got a great view from our room on the 11th floor. Several other reviewers have commented about the location. Pay no attention to this. Its by no means a fabulous area, but its completely safe. I live in East London and I felt safer there than I normally do at home.  It just looks a bit rough because most of the surrounding stores are wholesalers, who close up at 6pm, leaving the area to feel a bit of a deserted. However, walk 5 mins uptown or downtown and there are loads of places to eat, shop etc. 5th Ave is 2 mins away and you can walk to Macy's, Penn Station or Empire State building in
bubble_40	We were a little taken aback by the lobby: little more than a desk and a narrow corridor leading to the elevators.  However, we were greeted warmly. The room was tiny, but immaculate and very comfortable, with windows that open and the most amazing view of the Empire State Building in the entire city. My only misgiving is the neighborhood.  While only a few blocks from livelier and more tourist- friendly blocks, the hotel is surrounded by warehouses and sweatshops. Consequently the neighborhood was quite dead after dusk, without nearby restaurants or bars.
bubble_50	Stayed 14-18 April 2004.  All the good things said previously about this hotel are true - my 15 year old son and I had an exceptionally large, clean room with an unhindered view of the ESB.  This was our first trip to NY so it was brilliant to come back every evening and see this building lit in all its glory from the comfort of our own room!  The complimentary breakfast was a big hit with my son - fresh donuts, muffins, bagels, danish and orange juice on tap.  The staff were also exceptional - especially the doorman who always asked about our day and gave us tips on sightseeing every time we returned in the evening.  The area LOOKS rough, but safe - we walked in every direction from the hotel, day and night.  We will definitely use this hotel again - roll on our next visit to
bubble_40	We loved it! After reading some of the negative reviews on this site (almost all from Americans) and also the positive ones (almost all from British/Scottish/Irish folks) I was a little worried... but the hotel was great!! It was in a perfect location - about a 5-10 minute subway ride from both downtown and Central Park area! Also only about a $5 cab ride from each! Staff was great - very helpful with luggage, parking, etc and the room was very nice. Also very quiet. If you're afraid of people, especially people who are not caucasian, you might not like it. But if you're at all open minded, there's nothing not to like about this place.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights from the 29th March,we too were a bit apprehensive about some of the negative comments(all from Americans),but we were very pleased with everything from our room,well not entirely as we paid for a junior suite and we were only on floor 4,so no view, but it didnt bother us, we had a huge room,infact part of it was wasted we had a sette and chairs ect we didnt use at all,we had another table and chairs which we used when we had those great bagels and muffins for breakfast. We didnt feel scared or anything ref the area, and agree it may add true New York experience!!!I dont think you will find any where where you dont see rubbish getting put out ect. If we were ever back in New York we would come back here,our room was spotless,huge,and a very good size
bubble_50	Stayed for 7 nights from March 26th. We asked for a room with a view, and got one (1104) - we could see the Empire State from the bath!  Bathroom huge; it was about the size of the whole room when I stayed at the "Habitat". Clean, big bedroom, staff were overly helpful, it was hard to miss the hotel - when travelling down Broadway there's a huge billboard on the side of the building. Ok, there are boxes and rubbish on the road at night, but its not exactly imtimidating, or at least me and my Mum didn't think so; if anything it was amusing to watch the men pushing boxes around on the street from the room. The subway is a block away, and if you take the car, we could see into the parking lot from our room. Breakfast never ran out, we found it easier to take it back up to the room.
bubble_50	Stayed in the Broadway plaza for 5 nights from March 29th. The room way on the 10th floor. It had everything a weary shopper could need.  Spacious, large bathroom, great views of the empire state. The area seemed slightly dodgey on first impressions but if you walk around you will find that the people are very friendly. There is a great deli on 5th and 28th that we only found on the last day..be sure to visit. All in all a lovely hotel with curteous, friendly staff. We'll be back!
bubble_20	For this price, I think you can definitely find a better hotel. The pictures on their site are a bit deceiving. The bathroom is so tiny that two people would not be able to stand in there. There is no closet to hang your clothes, no lobby--everything is sooo narrow, you felt claustrophic. On top of that, the location is absolutely horrible. We didn't even feel safe walking around at 8 p.m. to get food. The area is dark and scary at night with trash piled everywhere. However, I must say, the staff was very friendly and courteous. They helped us with our baggage as well as helped get us a taxi any time we needed one.
bubble_40	Don't be put off by other comments about this hotel. I have just stayed there for 4 nights and it was fine; room was big and clean, service good and breakfasts basic but plenty of bagels to start the day going.  It is true the area around the hotel is a bit dodgy but as two young single females we had no hassle. The hotel is a few blocks from the Empire State building, a ten minute walk to Times Square and Madison Square Gardens and the subway is only a block away. For the money you won't get much better.
bubble_30	The entrance to this hotel can be easily missed and the tiny lobby area will give you the feeling that you have made a terrible mistake when you first check in.But do not despair as the actual rooms are quite large and are vrey clean. I admit that I might have been lucky with my room(1203) but I had a great view of the empire state building that was lit up all in green on St Patricks night.I found the staff most helpful at all times and was asked if I had any problems even if I found myself travelling in the elevator with a member of staff. The area leaves alot to be desired,especialy at night but I never felt threatened and the subway was only a few yards away on the next corner. I was never bothered by the daytime stall holders and in fact it gave the feeling that i was seeing
bubble_20	We stayed at this hotel in November of 2003 for 2 nights. The Parking a bit of a walk 2 blocks + away and many one ways so it is easy to miss and get stuck in traffic. Check in was easy. No lobby to speak of and entrance is just a small door way behind many street vendors hocking their wears. The room was clean and large moderately decorated - decent. Large bathroom. Small window with view of ally (not sure where you see the empire state building - top floors on only one side I guess)Breakfast was cramped with bagels and breads along with juice and coffee for offerings. The most distracting part of the stay was coming home to the hotel at night and see all the trash on Broadway street from all the street vendors vacating the area and leaving plenty of trash behind. Did not feel
bubble_40	Just spent 5 wonderful days in New York. Never having been to the USA before I was a little anxious about the standards of accomodation. We were originally booked into the Hotel Pennsylvania, but after reading the reviews about that hotel on TripAdvisor, we changed the booking to the Broadway Plaza Hotel. This hotel was great. Friendly staff; clean, bright, airy, good-sized room; good bathroom; and amazing views of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building from the windows.The surrounding district was full of cheap perfume shops with lots of graffitti and bags of rubbish put out for collection each evening. This did not detract from the hotel / location at all. The location was good - on Broadway and 27th St. just a few blocks from the Empire State Building and Macy's,
bubble_20	let me start off by saying i go to NYC at least 2 or 3 times every year,and have stayed at most of the various hotels you see on expedia in the $100 to $150 range and have had lots of good hotel experiences..this however was not one of them..the location is terrible..in the middle of the close out clothing "store" area..you WILL be hassled and have people trying to get you to buy things from them every time you go in and out of this hotel..theres no lobby..just a little hallway with a tiny counter and a bench...also theres NOTHING to eat nearby at night..very,very bad location...so,on to the room..i'll try to be fair..it WAS a big room by NYC standards..had a little couch and all...there was NO view..just a tiny little dirty window with a wall in front of it..but theres a a/c
bubble_40	Staying at this hotel is more of a true new york experience. Not many tourists venture to this neighborhood, and they have no reason to. So you have to get some city smarts and at least look like you know where your going and what your doing. Learn how to use the subway and hail a cab yourself. It's not hard. This way the street venders will be more likely to leave you alone or at least be less pushy. By new york standards the hotel staff is actually courteous. They are not pretentious at all, but they are not going to give big cheesy smiles when you walk in either. Maybe a head nod. The junior suite was unbelievably huge and inexpensive by NY standards. I have stayed at upscale places (i.e. Le Parker Meridian) and the room was tiny and expensive, and the staff were the same as
bubble_20	Try the Park Central (7th & 55th) or the Roosevelt (45th & Mad)as these are so much nicer and comparably priced. I wanted to stay a little closer the tradeshows I was attending, but it was not the best experience. The entry is a single door in a crowded bootlegger area.  The people selling things are in your face while you're trying to walk down the street. By 6 or 7 the shops are ALL closed down with metal roll down gates in front of them and the neighborhood looks dark and sketchy. You have to go up to 34th street down to 23rd to see an open restaurant, bar or shop. You will be safe at night if you are dropped off and picked up at the door. Or if you catch a cab at the door. There is often no doorman at the door and he doubles as the concierge and sits at a little podium in
bubble_50	Having twice been to New York and loved the place, staying first in W57th St and then in Lexington Avenue at more expensive hotels, I cannot fault this hotel in any way. We booked through Expedia 4 nights from November 5th 2003 at 105 per room per night including continental breakfast of delicious bagels you coud toast for yourself and have with cream cheese or jam..or pastries or sometimes muffins, with unlimited 24hr tea and coffee in the 4th floor breakfast room, plus a vending machine on 7th floor with sodas, snacks and even headache pills! We would take the tray from our room and load up for breakfast in our lovely bright and spacious room every morning, altho the breakfast room gets busy from 8am, we were told..we were there at 7am and it was a haven of peace.. It's
bubble_40	I have stayed at the Broadway Plaza many many times and I love it. It is in the heart of the Perfume District.....some good bargains there.  The rooms are really good. Do not be swayed by its surrounding areas..this is a great place to stay.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at the Broadway Plaza hotel for 2 nights from Sept. 6 - 8 for our Anniversary. We had a fab room (that was very spacious and clean) on the 12th floor with a great view of the Empire States Building. The hotel staff was amazing, they totally 'bent over backwards' for us. I highly recommend staying here....and the rates are very good too! The surrounding neighbourhood was a little overwhelming at first, but we got used to it very quickly. The shopping was wonderful, great deals in that particular area. This was the ultimate experience for us. Another thing I can recommend, is buying an 'All route' pass on the double decker bus, just outside the Empire States Building for $50. It's good for 2 days and you can hop on and off wherever you like, with a new bus
bubble_50	From Kila: Broadway Plaza Hotel was a wonderful surpise to first come New York City vistors like my husband and me. We booked it online and got a great rate! I do not know how the other type of rooms are but we stayed in the Junior Suite and we just delighted! It was huge with sitting room and also eating section and mini bar & mini fridge. We live in florida & we never had a huge suite and great rate like this before! Bathroom was spacious too. The hotel is modernly renovated and they take great pride in providing excellent maid service. After a day sightseeing, it is such a relief to come back to the hotel and see made up beds & always plenty of clean towels & even their bed blankets are soft and fuzzy feeling! With the fantastic rate we got, and in a place like NYC, I never
bubble_40	My wife and I recently stayed at Broadway Plaza for our anniversary weekend. We made the plans last minute and we were pleasently suprised. The room was an odd shape but was very big and had a king size bed, a small fridge, and a couch. The only problem we had is that the shower was dark because of the placement of the lights in the bathroom. The staff was courteous and the location was convient for sight seeing. I highly recommend staying there.
