bubble_50	I was lucky enough to land this through Hotwire, so bear in mind I was saving money throughout. You might expect more if you're paying $400 a night! It's lovely. The room is compact but fine for one person. No in-room coffee maker but they have a 24-hour canteen who was willing to give me free hot water so I could make my own tea in my room.  Some street noise, it's at the corner of two major streets so that can't be helped.
bubble_50	We decided to stay near East village for our second visit to New York and this hotel is in a great location right by Little Italy. We knew our room would be small but it was a bit bigger than expected with such clever space usage and a nice big bed. This is a uber cool technology clever hotel. We loved the quirkyness and as it was our 10th Wedding anniversary the staff left a lovely card and balloons in our room. The staff were friendly and our room spotless everytinw we came back. Will spread the word about this great hotel!
bubble_50	Works perfectly for me, bussiness and enjoy rest at the hotel, excellent experience, the room nice and clean, good location, near Littel Italy, restaurants and a lot of options, near to two Metro Stations,
bubble_50	Loved the room and hotel amenities - check in is super simple and everything was easy to navigate. SUPER clean rooms - loved that. WiFi super fast, and the Museum of Street Art was superb. Did miss a coffee maker in room though....
bubble_50	Usually when I think of high tech spaces, they feel cold and unwelcoming. CitizenM was the complete opposite. It was pretty cold in NYC when I visited, and it felt nice to know I was going back to my cozy room with the cool LED lights. The room was small, but so well designed that I didn't miss the extra space at all. I loved the morning alarm. You could set the room to wake you up gently with rainforest noises or loudly with charming bells. Working from the Living Room downstairs was a great experience. There were no shortage of outlets. The wifi was fast, and everyone was quiet and respectful. Would love to stay again!
bubble_50	Okay, this place is a little strange, I'm sure, for older folks used to traditional hotel experiences. There's not a lot in the way of staff to help check in or out, and the beds are set into little nooks, the bath facilities in little pods, etc. But I loved the view, the cleanliness, the wit of the decor, the cafe and the sense of privacy that I was allowed... I wouldn't recommend for the elderly--it's definitely a hotel geared toward the young--but I'd stay here again happily.
bubble_30	This was my first visit to a CitizenM hotel. Check-in was pretty easy. The room is small but should be manageable for one person. iPad in room controls lights, temperature, etc. blinds are controlled by switches on wall and maybe by iPad. View from a higher floor is nice. Room had a decent sized window. No top sheet (flat sheet) on bed- only a duvet and fitted sheet. Bring your own top sheet if you like to have one. Bed sheets could have had a higher thread count to be softer. Furniture seems a little cheap, plasticity. Shower area / toilet area seems cheaply put together. Living room in hotel is nice to hang out in and is stylish. Rooftop bar has a nice view and has an appealing decor. If you pay by card at the roof, you might want to tell the bartender to let you add a tip
bubble_50	I had to take my daughter to NYU and wanted to stay somewhat close by. This fit the bill and was cool enough for my teen. Sparkling clean and plenty of eye candy. I enjoyed hanging out in the common areas in between meetings.
bubble_50	especially perfect for young and lightweight travellers.nice modern style, fantastic lobby 7x24 where you can work and relax. If you are older and you have suitcases there is not enough room and you have to climb over each other to get in and out of the bed
bubble_50	Husband and I went to NYC for a long weekend. This hotel was absolutely perfect. VERY clean and sleek. GREAT rooftop bar. Very friendly and helpful staff. No doubt the rooms are small...but we found them to be really comfortable and all the "smart" room features really cool. If you like a super private bathroom, this place might not be for you.  Also, only one side of the bed was not up against the wall so someone will be drawing over to get out if there are 2 of you...we actually found it to be cozy, plus we don't spend a lot of time in our room when visiting NYC so it was just what we needed at an affordable price. Subway station right around the corner and lots of good eats within walking distance. Oddly enough, the thing I loved the most about this hotel was the absolutely
bubble_20	My boyfriend and I stayed at the CitizenM Bowery for a long weekend. We expected the room to be small but it was tiny. I saw another review that compared it to a room on a cruise ship. I would say that was accurate. The room and hotel were very clean and the staff was nice. My only real issue is Im almost positive my chain was switched on a necklace Id left out. At first it was just this nagging feeling that my chain felt longer. Like it wasnt quite right. Id taken it off and left it on the sink and didnt put it on until we were leaving. A few days after returning home I noticed the chain knotting. It never did that before. Finally I started comparing the length of my necklace to pictures I had and its most definitely not the same chain. The one I had was 14k and this one
bubble_40	Love this hotel. Be prepared, the rooms are small, but the bed is king sized, the shower is amazing and its laid out so well I had room to do a barre workout on my fitness app! Check in was pretty easy although I had pre-checked in and the app still prompted me to pay again, but the lovely desk person took care of it and got me my room keys in under 5 min! The location is also fantastic, walking distance to all the NYC has to offer. Oh and I had an issue with the Ipad and they had someone up in my room in 3 minutes to address and fix it!
bubble_50	I can define my experience as exceptional! My best hotel experience in New York in all aspects. It is good located, the cleanest hotel in NY (no rugs in the rooms), excellent drinks in both bars and excellent service of all their staff. And the price is the best one!!
bubble_50	My SO and I have made a habit of travelling to NYC twice a year for fun.  We've been choosing the least expensive boutique hotel we can find that also has good reviews. So we've stayed in a lot of VERY tiny rooms.    CitizenM so far is the best.  Yes, the room is tiny, but the hotel itself is very well run, the room is clean and nice. etc.  It was an easy trip to Times  Square for our show and there's a nice bakery around the corner and awesome dim sum a short walk away in Chinatown.
bubble_50	Check in(Check out) quickly and easily understandable and technological. Superior location Great architecture and interior design, beautiful environment Very friendly bar staff and front desk staff In-room technical context control system and free movies I will back!
bubble_30	There are no covers..... and they don't bring drinks up other than water. No chilled water in the rooms and you always have to ask for extra towels.   Location is awesome and the bar is great, but for the price it's lacking some amenities I'd like.
bubble_50	We had a great stay at CitizenM Bowery. The room might be a bit smal, but the bed was't. I really liked the "moodpad". A tablet that controls the shades, lights and Tv. The hotel is close to subway stations and near Chinatown and Little Italy. The rooftop bar is fun in the evening and you have a great view of the city.
bubble_50	I was here on a solo business trip. The hotel is great and the bed is very comfortable. Dont expect much space though - the room is tiny but there is a nice lounge/working area downstairs where you can have breakfast, a coffee or a beer or just use your laptop.   Upstairs there is also a great rooftop bar with a superb view over the city.  I cant fault this hotel. The location is perfect and you are very close to the Spring Street Subway station and there are lots of bars and restaurants nearby. There is also a Wholefoods and a good wine shop nearby. Service is friendly.  If you are a couple or travelling solo you will not regret staying at this hotel.
bubble_50	The hotel is located on Bowery street, walking distance to the city's best areas. The rooms are small but well designed and don't feel clamped.  You control everything with an iPad which is super convenient. The rooms are super clean and the design of the hotel and the rooms is fantastic.
bubble_50	great place to stay in NY. the Hotel is great and the location is also great. the neighborhood is full of great places to go. subway almost at the door. lobby is a great experience and ambassadors are very helpful and nice.
bubble_50	This is such a cool place! The hotel itself is stunning, especially the rooftop bar. The rooms are very comfortable with ample room for 2 people. We stayed 3 nights and never felt cramped. The use of space is truly unique. The graffiti museum in the stairwell from the top floor to the lobby is a must-see! The location is within walking distance to many great restaurants. All around, this is fantastic place. I have to give a special shout out to Pedro, who is an excellent ambassador of the hotel, made us feel warm and welcome, and provided great information and lots of laughs (and a couple of drinks)!
bubble_50	Comfortable and super beautiful rooms, big bed with amazing views, nice canteen and an excellent environment. Deco is wonderful and the rooftop is great! Love every detail of this hotel, I really felt at home. I will repeat!
bubble_50	For a short stay in NY City this hotel provides a great vibe, perfect location, clean rooms and very friendly, chilled staff. The rooftop bar is stunning. Location great to wonder about NY. I would never say it is a 3 star hotel, it was better than many 4 star hotels we have stayed in. Great value for money. Will be definitely returning!
bubble_50	Unless they just winged it and got lucky, the room has been designed so thoughtfully with comfort in mind, it's the perfect accompaniment to a stay in New York. From the warm and soothing shower, to the ability to control the room temperature (I usually always freeze in hotel rooms, not here!), The huge and comfortable bed, free bottles of water in the fridge, not to mention spotlessly clean - so clean it feels like you are the first person to have ever used the room. The only thing i missed was slippers, but that is such a minor complaint in comparison to all that you get here. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone!
bubble_50	Stayed for two nights for a business trip. My findings:  Staff: little interaction from my side but upon arrival and departure they were very helpful   Room: the smallest but the greatest room I have ever stay.   Roofbar: killing view great drinks  Technology: A1  To Improve: ensure a walking reservation can be made without having making the reservation online.
bubble_50	As always I had a wonderful stay!! I appreciate the ambassadors that remembered me and upgraded me to the 19th floor :) sadly it was a one night stay this time around. Wish it was longer. The bed was super comfortable and the mood lights were EVERYTHING Cant wait to go backkkkkk
bubble_50	For a quick overnight work stay this was exceptional!  i stay in a lot of hotels.  Cleanest ever!  Great customer service.  Plugs loosie goosey so my phone died, but I told the front desk and they said they would take care of it.
bubble_40	This hotel exceeded our expectations. We stayed for 5 nights and the staff were always very friendly and welcoming. The roof top bar has stunning views over the city. The rooms were plenty big enough with extremely comfortable beds. Quirky modern art work displayed throughout the hotel added to the fun of the place and the clever branding throughout also helped to raise a smile. We would thoroughly recommend this hotel for value for money and location - so pleased we chose to stay here rather than right in the middle of town.
bubble_50	Great room - as long as no more than 2 people. The pad to control lights, blinds, temp and tv was wonderful. Awesome free move selection. Very convenient location to where I spent most of my time. Good shopping and food choices nearby.
bubble_50	The hotel is situated just around the corner of Bowery metro station, so easy to reach with public transport. Check in was very friendly and fast. The room is small but perfectly designed. Everything there, in very good and fashy quality. The XL bed is really very comfortable. The view out of our BIG window was exceptional. The smart concept of room technology is a very nice feature we enjoyed.  Finally, you have to visit the roof top bar. Super view, cool furniture and good drinks
bubble_40	Great stay at the CitizenM Bowery, if youve stayed at one of their other hotels you know what youre getting and I like the fact its fuss free. Location is great for exploring the lower half of Manhattan, if youre wanting to spend loads of time around time square and Central Park its probably a little too far away. The room was clean and well maintained, a little cramped for 2 people but most hotel rooms in NYC are cosy! The only down side was outside the hotel, loads of people hanging around at all times of day making loads of noise. Its a proclivity square so Im not sure there is much they can do but we did feel unsafe waiting outside for a cab on a number of occasions.
bubble_50	Super cool, trendy spaces, great location, walking distance to so much.  The staff is very friendly, room comfortable but small, roof top bar is great. The view from our room was awesome. Lots of fun controlling everything in the room by the iPad.
bubble_40	My daughter and I very much enjoyed our experience at CitizenM.  The accomodations, while tight, were a lot of fun.  This location is very close to Chinatown which is not the best NYC has to offer.  Please note the 21st floor is for those 21 and older so if you have younger children, you may not be able to share the view with them.  Finally, the canteen was a great place for a drink and to wind down.
bubble_50	My preamble here is that we divided NYC stay between two hotels; one located in Nomad and the CitizenM Bowery. The one in Nomad was high-end and over twice the room size of CitizenM but you know what? I'd take CitizenM over it any day. CitizenM's room is so perfectly organized for its size, the view is so unreal, the cloudM bar is so good, the king bed was lush - I am going to recommend the place for years to come. There was honestly nothing about this hotel that I didn't love. We paid extra for a panoramic view and it was so, so worth it.   It was also my first time staying in the Bowery area and I loved it - lots of bars, restaurants and slightly less touristy than the regular areas. Now if only I could figure out the amazing perfume used in the lobby area, but I hear it's a
bubble_50	Its a modern hotel done right. Egalitarian without being overly earnest as only the Dutch can do. Rooms are identical. Shared spaces accommodate work, conversation, relaxation and drinks. Killer rooftop bar.
bubble_40	Ok the rooms are small. Tiny. But, you can manage if you really are visiting to see the city and not the inside of a room. The design of the rooms is worth the visit to see. I would say this is a perfect hotel for a single traveller, acceptable for a couple..... but any more than 2 to a room would be almost impossible. The best attribute is it's location. Step right out into Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy or the East Village. The area and the hotel itself are very alive yes not as overwhelmingly touristy as Times Square and Midtown. Hotel design overall is very cool and fun. Very high tech overall. The common spaces are relaxing and customer service advisors are friendly. We had one day when our room was not cleaned and another day when they forgot to leave towels.  Small things
bubble_50	Truly unique experience! A new concept that turns out to be of great value to the customers. Great combination of design, convenience, and affordability. Rooftop bar was great too. I certainly recommend it highly, particularly fir business trips.
bubble_10	This property holds itself out to be hip, cool, and coming. It is anything but.  Weve traveled the world extensively and rarely seen a property to poorly maintained or staffed. The top floor lounge enjoys spectacular views and terrible service. Our request for a review of our bill before an early checkout could not be honored. No receipts are provided for services requested so there is zero transparency.  Our room was not cleaned until 6 PM on our first day which is just crazy in todays world of hospitality. And this was the condition of our bath upon check in.  One must be kidding to think this is fine lodging.
bubble_20	All in all found it too expensive for the room quality, the location was good, the common spaces also. In the rooms you can't open the windows and the walking space is super super tiny. Rooms are very clean and new and technological.
bubble_40	Excellent design hotel, very good location, fantastic roof top. The only negative thing is the room was  very little, but still comfortable. The living spaces were very amazing. I will recommend this hotel ti my friends
bubble_50	The views, the tech, the friendly helpful staff, the location and the rooftop bar make this hotel one of the best i have stayed in. I would not hesitate to recommend or stay in this hotel again. A very well done to the concept that is citizen M.
bubble_40	We liked the Citizen M.  My daughter and I stayed there for three nights.  Our only complaint or concern was the scent piped into the lobby and work space which was very strong and much like a man's cologne that I did not want to smell!  The room was wonderful, the bed extremely comfortable, and the staff was admirably warm, professional and always helpful.
bubble_20	The room was way too small! It felt like a cruise ship room! Was very uncomfortable for two people couldnt really move around! And on top there was no coffee! You had to go down and purchase coffee! Very weird! But it started with the check in that you have to check in yourself, there is no service! I think it was very overpriced for what we got! The positive thing is that it was clean and it was a lot of modern Art in it!
bubble_40	This was my second Citizen M experience.  The other was Glasgow.  The business model has evolved positively since my Glasgow stay.  Citizen M seem to like buying in areas that are on the cusp of improvement.  The Bowery still has a vagrant problem (the Mission is a few doors down the street, and plenty of homeless people use the hotel forecourt) but the area is clearly on the up.  Views are good, the upstairs bar is fantastic.  The 24 hour restaurant is fine.  There are plenty of eating options in the area.  Service is fine too.  The one drawback is the room.  I dont like the design.  It is too small for me on a business trip if I have a large suitcase (which did not fit in the drawer provided). It would be near impossible to survive if I was there with a partner for any length
bubble_50	Well located, very good hotel for an affordable price. The room was perfectly clean, with a comfortable bed and an excellent shower.  The staff is friendly and the check in and check out is fast and super easy. The rooftop bar is also well worth visiting.
bubble_40	Good vibe, clean, friendly staff, social area in combination with bar and cafe is really nice. Feels like a good base for relaxation between activities in the city. The manager of the hotel was very visible and created an extra welcoming atmosphere
bubble_50	Amazing Hotel. A must visit The decor is amazing by local artist. The rooms are small but its NYC. There's so much going on at this hotel. Staff was awesome. If you're celebrating bday, etc. we received complimentary balloons (everywhere in the room) and a card for daughters bday. They added cupcakes too (nominal fee). There's a rooftop bar, lighting in the room is awesome especially in the bathroom. Amazing shower. I can go on and on. One last thing, great location in Soho. Will definitely return
bubble_40	The rooms were small but very modern and clean.  Had everything we needed.  Good sized toiletries.  My husband loved the iPad which is used to change the colour of the lights and open/ close the shutters.  We stayed in the 10th floor.  Not great views but to be expected for the area which isnt the nicest.  It was convenient for the downtown attractions though.  Close to Chinatown and little Italy where we had some great food.  Our only complaint would be that the rooftop bar was always closed for private functions.  It is a key selling point for the hotel and their website needs to state it wont be available.
bubble_50	Travelling together with an 18 year old son, a 14 sqm room with a double bed does not sound like the best idea. On the other hand, you're not in NY to stay in your room anyway. And the room felt bigger, and the bed was really wide and comfortable. From the 16 floor we also had a spectacular view. The breakfast was really good, not to many options, but I prefer quality over quantity any day, and it was more than enough to choose from. So be smart, book a room with breakfast included. Great coffee too. All in all a cool, but still friendly, hotel at a very nice location. Would go back.
bubble_30	Id stayed in a CitizenM before so knew exactly what to expect but ended up finding the experience a bit soulless so would stay elsewhere in future. If you like the area but want somewhere different Id try Sister City a few doors down - I wish I had stayed there.   The main restaurant/bar is a decent size. Drinks are good but the one time I ate there (on arriving late the first night) the tomato pasta was very basic - bit like a microwave meal.   The rooftop bar is amazing but watch out as they regularly shut it for private functions.   Its a nice area to explore with lots of local character including plenty of winos - the hotel has put a seating area out the front that attracts them to sit outside all day.  It a great first impression!
bubble_50	The inside bar area is spacious for an NYC rooftop, there is also a nice outside area as well.  In the bathroom there is a really cool corner that has a great view of both bridges, really cool to see at night with the traffic.  The staff here was really friendly and the drinks weren't outrageous
bubble_50	We stayed for 4 nights. The rooms are super clean and the bed with the view is absolutely fantastic. The modern design and the entertainment center are just perfect. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to my friends since we loved the location between Chinatown and Little Italy. There are many awesome places for breakfast, lunch and dinner around and a gorgeous rooftop bar in the hotel.
bubble_50	We enjoyed the easy and speedy check-in, felt a real welcome and a conversation instead of the howsit. Do visit the rooftop bar! And explore the divers neighbourhood. Subway within 5 min, we had a great time, thnks!
bubble_50	Excellent hotel, with all  the amenities and superb staff .  The hotel  is handy for public transport and there are a number of restaurants nearby .   The location of the hotel makes it an ideal place for visiting the sights in New York .  Highly recommended .
bubble_50	citizenM, through my stays in Europe and the US, has been incredible. From the staff to the rooms to the public spaces and design - everything is well thought out and exactly what I need. Looking forward to their growth throughout the US.
bubble_40	Over all a good stay, live up to their mantra, however breakfast was not great, eggs way too salty, no vegan options a surly coffee barista and not every guest followed the wear your headphones rule while in common areas.
bubble_40	I loved my first CitizenM experience: Very smooth check in and check out, friendly and helpful staff; location is great with several metro lines and a great selection of restaurants nearby; rooms are extremely cozy and cleverly designed, and despite their reduced size feel very livable; equipment is amazing too and I loved the automation system; nice shower too; the bed is large and comfy, but the mattress is a little too soft in my view; the hotel gym is small but enough for a quick workout; only disappointment is the breakfast menu, which offers too little choice for the price you pay - a la carte gets expensive really fast, so not a real option - here I would suggest to check out one of the good breakfast options nearby; prices are very steep but in line with other NYC
bubble_50	This hotel is a bit far out from most of NYC sights however it's next to Bowery and Grand Street subway lines that connect it easily to all areas in NYC.   The location of Little Italy/Bowery/Chinatown where the hotel is located is a bit dingy and looks to be developing with new cafes but still a little away from being finished. The problem with all NYC accommodation is that they're extremely expensive, this hotel offers competitive pricing in a clean, modern hotel.  The rooms are small but have a bathroom and shower in the room and the bed is super comfortable with all the standard citizenM smart rooms features. The wifi was amazingly fast and they offer breakfast too for $18.95 a person. The hotel has two bars one on the lower lobby and a roof top bar on the 20th floor with
bubble_50	First trip to NYC, and I loved the location almost straight away.  Everything was essentially within walking distance.  Loved the restaurant and dessert nooks that were close by that offered delicious food, as well as the delicious food from the hotel (super tasty meatballs).  Given the amount to do in the city, it fit well into what we needed from a room.  Staff was always nice and approachable, and the views were amazing.
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay. The room is perfect for a get away. Unbelievably comfortable and top notch service as well. Get the breakfast add on its worth it to not have to worry about getting a meal and a coffee in the morning.  Thanks for having us. We will be back soon.
bubble_50	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 6 nights in September. Highly recommend it. Bowery subway is literally round the corner with easy access all over New York. Bowery is a really cool area close to Soho and Little Italy. The room was amazing with fantastic view of Brooklyn bridge! Loved the fact that the room was powered by an iPad including the lights etc
bubble_50	Thanks for this experience...great hotel, great support. We will come back whenever we are planning our next trip to NY. And you can be sure that we will recommend your hotel also to others. Room seems to be small but there is place for all things (3 suietcases) due to great enteriour design.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay at the Citizen Ml. Jacob, a hotel ambassador, was engaging and helpful. He recommended fun local sights and restaurants. I would definitely stay here again for the vibe, comfy big beds, and staff.
bubble_50	The room and the bed was very nice and modern, I slept like a baby. Very helpful and friendly staff. The location is perfect, walking distanse to many sights to see when visiting NYC. The thing I loved the most, was the view and cool staff in the top bar. Ny first visit to NYC will be rememberd for a long time
bubble_40	Great modern hotel located close to Little Italy and SoHo. Very modern hotel with a cool vibe. Nice rooms with big beds. Just a short walk (5-minutes) to Little Italy and SoHo. 30-min walk to Manhattan and Ground Zero memorial. Close to SubWay station.
bubble_40	A great location where you could walk everywhere easily, with lots of great shops and eateries nearby. The staff were extremely friendly. The most standout thing about CitizenM Bowery is the incredible views - from every room and especially the rooftop.
bubble_40	We usually go for historic accommodations but wanted to go for something different this trip. The location in the Bowery was perfect for wandering Little Italy, walking across the Brooklyn Bridge, and plenty of access to the Subway to get anywhere else. The room was clean, decked out in new technology, and perfect for a short stay where you will be out exploring most of the time. The rooftop bar, quirky decorations, and lounge area make it a fun hotel perfect for chilling out as well. Don't miss the Spiderman on the back patio.
bubble_40	loved this hotel. got here at 05.00 after a long flight, and received my room immediately!  the room was clean and comfortable, but very very small. the location is super and so is the staff. if you can tolerate the size of the room - you will love this place.
bubble_20	When I entered room. There were a dirty towel next to TV. Room was not clearned next day, I stayed for 2 days. I did not place a tag asking to skip my cleaning. I asked for toothpaste and the staff kept on saying come at time x, y,z. I did go at that times and they said they do not have it. It is shame that a hotel with such a brand name doesnt even carry toothpaste ( which I can always get in a motel) and doesn't even have to courtesy to ensure customers get it. I will strongly unrecommend Citizen to Amazon employees!
bubble_50	The location on the Bowery is perfect. Walk straight into Soho or into the upcoming trendy lower east side and plenty of subways stations close by. Like many NYC hotels the room is on the smaller side but the functionality and setup you never feel like it is that small. The beds are so so comfy and the shower is awesome. If you want to get out and explore the city and have a really comfy room to go back and recharge for the next days adventure this is a great setup. Staff are super friendly and helpful
bubble_50	CitizenM Bowery is situated in Lower Manhattan next to Chinatown and Little Italy. A perfect spot to base yourself for your stay in Manhattan. Very affordable rooms (it is worth the small fee for a higher floor) and in close proximity to subway stations and walking distance to nearly everything on Lower Manhattan such as the Financial District, Brooklyn Bridge and 9/11 Memorial. But this is not why you should stay at CitizenM Bowery. You should stay for here for the spectacular views from the rooms and the rooftop bar. The views from the rooftop are particularly jaw dropping as you can see from the Brooklyn Bridge all the way west around to the Empire State Building.  The rooms themselves are very cosy and make good use of the small space, and are controlled by the provided
bubble_50	Great location. The Bowery is fantastic as a base from which to explore NYC. Right next to China Town and Little Italy. Walkable to Chelsea and the Highline.  The staff we great (although we needed them very little). I can't comment on the food as we didn't eat but the roof top bar is exceptional. We'll definitely be back to CM when we come back to NYC.
bubble_50	Cant say enough great things about this hotel!! Amazing views!! From our room & the incredible rooftop bar! Located close to subway stations, lovely restaurants nearby & just a few blocks from great shopping! The room is small, but even with a weeks worth of clothes, etc, we (2 people) managed just fine! Plus the cool lobby/common area is a great option for hanging out. We would absolutely go back & recommend to all!
bubble_50	It was nice to stay in this young and fresh run hotel. The reception was very friendly and the check in was very fast (check out too!). The rooms are top and with technical gimmicks. In case of disturbances someone came immediately, who has fix it. maximum space utilization, perhaps for one or the other a bit too little storage, for us it was sufficient. the location was also optimal. around, absolutely recommendable!
bubble_50	I have stayed in many CitizenM hotels across the globe and found them consistently good. However, this is quite possibly the best in terms of design and cleanliness!   The lobby is cleverly laid out with the open caf/bar, and the rooftop bar has great views as well as friendly staff. The room is identical to that of other CitizenMs - compact but highly functional. However I found the overall cleanliness and attention to detail better than the others I've stayed in.   As I travel to New York often for work, I much prefer this area over the Times Square location. Great restaurants and bars within a few minutes walk.   But the highlight for me was Tucker in reception. I arrived late after a long day at work and a delayed flight, but left check-in in high spirits! He's a massive
bubble_50	The citizenM Bowery was the perfect place to stay with my daughter on our visit to NYU! It was less than a 20 min. walk to the campus. We loved the smart room features and had fun setting the mood of the room using the "moonpad" tablet!
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel - friendly staff, super-easy check in/out, great bedrooms with awesome views and the comfiest bed I have ever had the pleasure of sleeping in. The location is also spot on and within walking distance of almost everything a tourist would wish to visit.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed and had a wonderful time. Hotel is close to China Town, Little Italy and Soho. So many great restaurants/eateries within walking distance. The service at the hotel was excellent.
bubble_50	This modern hotel has it all. The rooms are what I would classify as "pod style" meaning very minimal, but well designed with thoughtful storage options. The main lobby and lounge area are huge and they truly feel like home. They feel like a co-working space and a lounge room had a baby. The rooftop bar is the best rooftop I have ever seen in NYC. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and the prices were great!
bubble_50	A citizenM room is like a sailboat or RV. A place to tuck everything away, kept spotlessly clean, with high tech functionality, a great shower and a big bed (and a window sealed to keep out a good deal of the constant city noise). In a great location near Little Italy, SoHo and The Pickle Guys! And readily accessible by train from JFK. I would happily return.
bubble_50	Wonderful location - within a few blocks of Little Italy. A whimsical and artistic adventure that also brings the charm and sincerely friendly staff of a small bed & breakfast. You couldn't go wrong booking a stay here.
bubble_50	Super cute, clean and modern hotel conveniently located steps from the subway, shops and restaurants. The rooms, while small, were very functional and ultra clean and featured smart technology, with an tablet to control everything from lighting, to blinds, to music. The rooftop bar offers an amazing view of the NYC skyline and the stairwell features a cool street art installation from the top floor to the ground floor. The lobby has a hip restaurant/bar with pop-art inspired motive. Both check-in and check-out were quick and seamless, where guests self-check in and out using a tablet. The room key doubles as a keepsake luggage tag after your stay is done, which is a nice touch. Highly recommend!
bubble_40	Great 2 night stay at this hotel in NY. It was affordable, clean, comfortable and in a great location. Due to our schedule we didnt have breakfast but he selection did look very good. We would def stay here again.
bubble_50	We loved our room, was small, as expected, but plenty of storage space for clothes (hanging and drawers under the bed). Shower great. Quirky touches. The wow factor was the view of the city from our room - you can choose perspective on check in so do with care.  Great location close to bars and restaurants. Busy part of city but room well insulated so we had good sleep.  Cool and trendy hotel, lots of younger travellers but fine for those of us who are a little older too. Liked the sitting area downstairs where you could get drinks and watch TV.  Check in and out v fast on screens but someone there to help. Service very good, felt like staff enjoyed working for the hotel.  Real highlght was the rooftop bar, the views were WOW at night and during the day - be sure to visit. It
bubble_50	Friends and family met here on a Friday afternoon to begin the Labor Day weekend.  Had seats inside with a great view of Freedom Tower and west Manhattan.  Friendly bar tenders, good dumplings.  Very good tunes.  The bathrooms were a little groovy - one was dominated by pink lighting.
bubble_50	CitizenM Bowery was well decorated with cool vibes and excellent food/coffee services available 24/7. The rooms were small but comfortable for two guests. The bed was huge and extremely comfy and the black out blinds were a huge plus. The only downfall for us was the fact room service came at around 5/6pm every day when we were back in our room preparing to go out for the evening, this meant we had to go down and request towels 3 times during our 7 night stay. Other than that it couldnt be faulted! Simple, easy and enjoyable.
bubble_50	Perfect, easy check-in and check-out, the staff is kind and helpful. The rooftop is exceptional and the view in the room fantastic. I definitely recommend this hotel. Very well located, the building is post-modern designed.
bubble_40	Good value in NY, great roof top bar, even if Scotch is over priced. Comfortable well laid out rooms but would be better if they had in room coffee making facilities. Good service from friendly staff. Well located in Bowery near SoHo.
bubble_40	We really liked this revolutionary approach to hotels.  The "Smart Home" technology allowed you control everything (shades, TV, lights, etc.) from an iPad placed in the room.  The large bed (which from head to toe takes the entire width of the room!) was very comfortable, and its placement by the window was cozy, even as a king size bed.  Remember this is a 150sf room!!  There was a large storage drawer under the bed, a work desk and a bench around which we could store our unpacked bags, and while it was cozy, we never felt cramped. The fact that all the furniture and decor is new and clean, and the bed comforter was luxe helps this feeling.   The shower was great (and efficient use of space), and the bathroom was fine (especially if you're used to European or South American
bubble_40	This hotel is a good solution to visit New York City.  Great location to reach all places of major interest, the value for money is very good. A great experience, we will recommend it to our friends and... we will come back!
bubble_50	Worth every penny we spent. Awesome ambassadors to help you, room is super clean and very minimalist. Ill come back in a heartbeat. Breakfast is free, but would like more options if possible especially if youre there for a few days, eg. different breakfast during weekends etc.
bubble_50	Perfect hotel, cosy beds, comfortable sleep, awesome furniture in common area, perfect layout of room, perfect location, absolutely recommendable, you know what you get when booking citizen M hotel,  3 subway lines close by, perfect start to explore the city
bubble_50	Really enjoyed our stay there. The room was so clean, bed so comfortable!! Only disadvantage was the small size of the room - but it is well arranged, the hotel's location is wonderful and the price relatively cheap. I would def return
bubble_30	The hotel is really hip -- the lobby is especially fun and a lovely place to be. The check in at screens was frustrating and did not let us get a sense of what was available for us at the hotel as we came to learn that the upstairs lounge did not allow anyone under 21 (we were traveling with a 6 year old). There is no information regarding the age for entry online. The rooms are super-efficient but very small. We found it generally cozy. The room wasn't made up until really late in the day which was not ideal but fine.
bubble_50	Great experience. First time in any CM hotel. Qwerky and great. Room clean, comfy and tech savvy. AirCon not synching with iPad, but maintenance soon sorted. Beds very comfy and love the overall design of the whole establishment.
bubble_50	Stayed one night at the CitizenM after work had concluded and I could switch to a nicer hotel before traveling home. Location was very good and there are many really nice places to eat within walking distance.  Never got around to trying out the breakfast so don't know how that was. The little caf by the check in was nice.
bubble_50	Ive loved this hotel since my stay at their Amsterdam location. The ambassadors are so warm and welcoming. You can tell they love their jobs. Drinks were amazing! Order the chocolatier with a nut allergy. Love that I was allowed to bring friends up to the rooftop bar to celebrate my birthday.
bubble_50	the room is small but comfortable. very clean and smart.  the hall is very cool full of design objects. Breakfast very good but a little repetitive...  the staff was very kind and nice. I want to go back great view!!
bubble_50	This was our 1st Citizen M experience and we would highly recommend it. The concept is excellent - very cool, new hotels in excellent locations at an affordable price. The rooms are small but clean, smart and functional but the whole point is you spend less time in your room and more time in the beautiful, spacious communal lounge areas. Great bars, coffee shops and good service.
bubble_40	Great hotel. clean and well designed hotel,  great atmosphere, nice lobby, rooms are small but pleasant and satisfied large bed. Little bit noisy, great value, good location  Close to soho and lower east side
bubble_40	Great hotel and perfect amenities in clean room, high tech to control blinds to shower lightning. Panoramic view room and rooftop view are great for selfies lol. Location is kinda sketchy at night but only 8 min walk to subway stations, google maps helped me a lot to get to the city.
bubble_50	We loved staying at the citizenM for an anniversary getaway in the city we met in. Their promise of affordable luxury is spot on. The hotel is modern and smart with good use of latest tech. The rooms are small but designed perfectly with every detail considered. This will now be my go to hotel in New York
bubble_50	Why NYC hotels get bad reviews: Street noise: none! Loud or nonfunctional AC: perfection! Not clean: spotless! Beds small/ not comfy: large and comfy. Elevators inadequate/small/slow: 3 of 4 worked and were fast - even to roof. Bad WiFi / Tv; worked fine... in fact better than fine. Bad location: I was concerned, but w proximity to LES and lyft it was good. Price: competitive. Food: nice living room/ dining room at LL. Drinks: rooftop bar was really nice. NO food Sunday early evening (said had been sold out ... really?? Isnt this sort of your business ??) but this isnt enough to downgrade imo. I only get to nyc once or twice a year and have NEVER found a hotel that Id return to... until now.
bubble_50	Best rooftop view in New York City! Absolutely hi-tech rooms with all smily things inside! Best place to stay in New York. 100% sure. Great check-in checkout service. Its easy to get everything what you need from your room!
bubble_50	he hotel is full of interesting design features and has a real buzz about it, from the downstairs cafe and lounge to the rooftop bar with a view over the lower East side of Manhattan. The room is small but very well-equipped, with drawers built into the base of the bed that conceal the safe. There is a pod-like shower and toilet with lovely toiletries and very effective shower. The room is full of mod-cons, with an iPod that manages all the amenities as well as wall switches. The blinds are automated and provide good black out. The temperature and tv can be controlled and you can also synch your music with the sound system. The room is light and bright. I appreciated the ironing station where I could press my clothes quickly. Loved exploring the Bowery area and it was very close
bubble_50	From the moment we checked in we were greeted with a smile. The smart, minimalist style of this hotel makes it stand out. The bed was super comfy and HUGE! Breakfast was great - pancakes, eggs, bacon, salmon, tomatoes, fresh fruit, yogurt, granola, bagels. Location was superb within 10min walk of Little Italy, Soho, Broadway etc.  Highly recommend a stay at Citizen M.
bubble_50	From the moment we checked in we were greeted with a smile. The smart, minimalist style of this hotel makes it stand out. The bed was super comfy and HUGE! Breakfast was great - pancakes, eggs, bacon, salmon, tomatoes, fresh fruit, yogurt, granola, bagels. Location was superb within 10min walk of Little Italy, Soho, Broadway etc.  Highly recommend a stay at Citizen M.
bubble_50	Modern Hotel with small yet cozy rooms. Excellent rooftop bar with an amazing view over the city. The Livingroom is not your usual hotel lobby, and even though we chose to go out for breakfast, the bufft did look really good.
bubble_40	Extremly comfortable bed, in a small but clean room, so was overall perfect! Nice bathroom with rainshower And good products. Amazing view from the bedroom window! :)  Friendly and helpful Staff at all floors.  Rooftop bar has a very nice view by night.  Potential to be much better. Music was very low and not up to date. Great food in the Lower lobby downstairs. Rooftop should have more snack options.... Dumplings/Noodles just dosent do it...  Great service helped. Will definetely come stay here again!! : ) Rooftop closed pretty early, so we ended up gong out.
bubble_40	Very good stay. Great location and accommodations. Really helpful people, very comfortable bed. Good breakfast. Location really close New York most attractive neighborhood (Soho,...) different subways and restaurants really close of the hotel.
bubble_40	The rooms are small but very well designed and appointed. I was quite comfortable as an individual traveller but can imagine it could get a little squishy as a couple if dealing with multiple pieces of luggage. Rooftop bar is great and wasn't too busy on the afternoons that I visited. Friendly and efficient service. It would have been nice to have a selection of a few different types of pillows, as I personally found them too flat and made do by folding up a towel beneath the pillow.
bubble_10	The Hotel Manager Juriana and the staff are extremly rude, I had a problem and Jose the Manager solve it but the management changes!!! Do the hotel policy changes because of a new manager that is rude and have zero manners...The manager of the hotel approached me saying that she didn't like my review and i have to leave....what is the hell is that??? who is she??? and after i wrote a review on google nobody from the top management care to contact me!!! i don't recommend this hotel to anyone!!!
bubble_50	Ill keep it short... Travelling with an 18 & 21 for their big birthday 1st trip to NYC Location: Nailed it. Opposite the Supreme store ( watch the queue from your window), 2 minutes to trendy SoHo and amazing flagship designer stores - cool shopping! Facilities: Lighting effects, free movies, snuggly beds - iPad controls. Awesome cityscape views. Gold star mum points  Vibe : Hip music, staff in t shirts, great coffee and a Roof Bar that achieved the insta famous pictures my boys were searching for. In a nutshell THANK YOU CitzenM Im the coolest Mum EVER!
bubble_50	I'm a big fan of Citizen M, having stayed in their Amsterdam hotel many times. The perfect balance of comfort and trendiness - perfect for my 2 ;young men' who wanted to stay somewhere with a great vibe. The fact that the hotel was directly across the road from the Supreme store helped too! Massive cred to the Mum! Amazing large comfortable bed, compact room with everything you need.  The rooftop bar is among the best in NYC. Location perfect for the trendy shops, bars and restaurants in soho. A short stroll from a subway station. This hotel will not disappoint.
bubble_50	The hotel is very modern and artistic. We had a great view and a supercomfy bed. The coffee is good and I enjoyed the very spacious lounge area. Every room has an ipad and different lightning options which is great. We would come again.
bubble_40	citizenM New York Bowery. Price: average  Location: 10 minutes walk from Soho, two walk away metro stations, and I think the best New York restaurants are located in this area. Room:the smallest room Ive ever tried. I liked it though, its perfect for two adults.  cleanness: in room Is clean, the moquette outside of the room stinks I think it needs to be changed.  Kids club: none and although they welcome children I wouldn't recommend it. They will have no space to play or even move.  Breakfast:not included, but I think you will find something to grab, as their cafe downstairs looks fascinating.  The staff overall are friendly.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here 4 nights. We booked after reading about the brands pod concept, and found the rooms larger than expected!  While small, they are cleverly designed, with hooks to hang hats, purses, etc, a closet to hang clothes and store shoes, and drawers for other items.  Theres storage around the sink for your toiletries, a desk, a small bench, and a gorgeous view out the HUGE window.  This neighborhood is full of great bars, restaurants, and shopping.  Easy walk to all downtown neighborhoods, and close to the subway.   Dont bother if you need space to spread out, you like corporate shopping, fast food, and homogeneous hotels.  Dont come here for the bar or food. There are SO MANY outstanding places nearby for coffee, breakfast, lunch, dinner, and drinks,
bubble_40	I do not know this is just my case or what, but I found so many hairs on the floor and few on the bed right after I walked in. And the doll on the bed seemed really unnecessary if you are not going to keep it clean for every guests walking-in.  Except that, this hotel locates in great neighborhood with awesome restaurants and boutique shops. Sad I was on biz trip, otherwise I would double enjoy the walking around here. Also metro is a minute walk away, cannot be better in location matter.
bubble_50	This wonderful, modern,artsy, super-clean, wonderfully-staffed, affordable hotel is a treasure!  It is a great place to stay in Lower Manhattan. The rooms are small, but very efficiently planned, and very comfortable.  Everything is beautifully designed, fun, trendy and high-tech.
bubble_50	fun and nice shower clean and bright did not like the out side setting to much food too high value and service great people are very nice and it was a great trip so I may try other location    so the roof top was nice and drinks very over priced
bubble_50	What a great place to stay in Manhattan!  First off - this place is not for you if you 1) like being near the most touristy areas (Times Square, Fifth Avenue), 2) travel with a lot of stuff and like to spread them all over the room, or 3) expect the big chain luxury hotel experience.   Yes, the room is small (150 sq ft) but it is better designed than an interior cruise cabin - I ended up liking the sink outside the washroom and used the hooks next to the sink the hallway to hang my towels. As others have mentioned, the bed and the shower are lovely, and we took advantage of the free movies.  Prior to our arrival I was a bit worried about the room temperature control - New York summers are hot and humid but the AC control and room temperature was great despite the 31+ celsius.
bubble_50	I wish we had more time to explore this gem ... we loved our room it was small but very efficient with the space  and had great amenities. The staff were very helpful and friendly. There are so many amazing pieces of art all over, from the cozy lobby to the rooftop bar. And the rooftop has amazing views of the city...we will be back!
bubble_50	Luxury living in a small place. Modern, cozy and artistic. Great location, close to China Town, little Italy and Soho. All the great restaurants are in walking distance. The rooftop bar is the best! The service is amazing.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel. The in room technology was exceptional and the room was clean and new. The rooftop bar has a wonderful view especially at nights. it's really close to the subway.  It was actually above our expectations.
bubble_40	Really enjoyed my stay. Convenient to shops and restaurants and not an huge price tag for an amazing view. Only critique would be that the room had a similar feeling to a cruise dorm or cabin. Almost too modern, but that's just a personal opinion.
bubble_40	Modern, nice clean hotel with very friendly and nice staff. Breakfast was extremely expensive but on the other hand whats the problem when you find bakeries and cafs around every corner on Manhattan. The room was small but modern and very clean, actually perfect for a couple who spends most of the time roaming around the city during daytime and in bed "exercising" during night time...
bubble_50	The place was art filled. The room was smart, small yes, but big windows, big bouncy soft bed, amazing amazon-like rain shower, and amazing views of the city. The amenities definitely lived up to expectations and more.
bubble_50	We loved the amazing view, cleanliness of the rooms, luxury rooftop terrace, big and super comfy bed, good location, design, speed of check-in and checkout, modern decorations and they make good coffee, too.
bubble_20	This was unfortunately not a great stay for me. While the hotel itself is beautiful with an incredible common area to work from, the rest seems very much off. Lets start with the entrance, surrounded by homeless people at all times of the day and night, playing loud music that I heard very clearly in my room. Not the safest feeling. I got an accessible room, Id suggest to make sure you dont get one of these if you dont need it. No lip to the shower so it overflows creating mess all over. I was surprised to also find out the ceiling in my washroom crumbling and a hole in the sheets, all that in a tiny room which I would have been fine with, without the rest of the issues. To add to that, the iPad making the room smart wasnt really working, so I dont really get the point
bubble_20	Hotel itself has such great potential, however they have an Open to the Public Policy for their outdoor patio. It is riddled with drug dealers, homeless, and pan handlers loitering from the morning until the evening.  Rooms were clean and comfortable, but after 2 recent trips we will not be returning due to their patio policy. Paying $250 for a room and not being able to feel safe or comfortable out front to have a coffee or wait for a car is unacceptable.  I do not appreciate being hounded by strung out thugs looking for money to buy drugs. When the homeless congregate out front and they outnumber the hotel guests it may be an indication to change your patio policy.  New York City has returned to a cesspool under Bill DeBlasio.
bubble_50	Loved the room and the view. The big bed was super comfortable and the layout was nice. Perfect for one and probably good for two.  Good service and cool design. Location was perfect close to soho and downtown.
bubble_40	Thought we would try citizenM on this trip - no complaints. Lots of cool kids working the desk and the environment is good. Rooms are fun - great beds, music good space for nyc. Rooftop is good. Location excellent.
bubble_50	Great location, welcoming staff, super easy check-ins, fantastic breakfast and coffee bar, amazing views from our room and the rooftop bars.....reasonably priced....perfect for a couple that loves to travel!
bubble_50	We were 10 days in NY and we felt like home at the citizenM Bowery Hotel. The room is very comfy and the views are stunning. Also, the workers are very helpful and kind. Moreover, the neighbourhood is cool and there are lots of things to do.
bubble_50	The location is great, with Soho, Nolita, East Village, Chinatown and little Italy at your doorstep, Greenwich Village just a 25 minute walk away and everywhere else in Manhattan easily reachable from the J train stop right around the corner. The ambassadors and cleaners were very friendly, the room was small (as expected) but very clean and modern, and could still fit our 2 big and 2 small suitcases. Small issue at checkout when the computer asked us to pay the bill we had already paid during checkin, but an ambassador swiftly solved that problem. Overall it was a pleasant stay and we would book the CitizenM Bowery again for our next New York trip.
bubble_50	It was a good idea to choose CitizenM NY Bowery for staying: great location, friendly staff, clean room, affordable price, easy check-in/check-out. It's highly recommended, especially for short-term trips.
bubble_50	I cant recommend CitizenM enough, especially for solo travelers. I genuinely look forward to staying here, so much that I was upset when my flight was delayed  less time in the comfy bed!! An inspiring and affordable (but still top of the line!) space to live/work while in the city.
bubble_20	The rooms are small, service minimal- For the same price you can get more. There are a lot of hotels in NYC- I think one could do better- next time I will stay somewhere else- while rooms are small in NY- the overall service was just lacking.
bubble_50	The CitizenM Bowery Hotel living room and CloudM rooftop bar provides great gathering spaces between your NYC events. Check out the street art walk down the 19 floor staircase! Your a quick walk to Little Italy & Chinatown from this hotel.
bubble_50	Close to subway station, walking distance to main attractions, very clean hotel with friendly staff. The only bemol were the surroundings - sometimes smelly and did not always feel safe. But totally ok to walk during the day.
bubble_50	Standard set up  but works so very well. Great location for multiple restaurants and bars, with easy access to public transport too. Breakfast was surprisingly good and a great environment too however the piece de resistance is the rooftop bar. Amazing views of NYC, excellent cocktails and just the right amount of nibbles to keep us happy......great little find!
bubble_40	Great location - very tiny rooms. Probably better for business travel. Staff at the rooftop bar was not really that friendly (yet everyone else in the hotel was). The rooftop should allow kids under 21 until 9 or 10pm. This is a ridiculous policy. Hard to travel with your teenage kids here if they can not even hang with you for a cocktail on the rooftop for a bit.
bubble_10	Given the whole hotel is based around the rooftop bar it defeats the purpose of staying there if they book the bar out for a private function. Rooms are comically small unless travelling solo and even then its a squeeze. Concept and check-in are solid but the price is a piss take if they are charging the rooftop out and not letting you up there
bubble_50	Although small, everything was laid out well and we were quite satisfied with the entire experience.  Wish there were more of these across the US.  The toilet is NOT in the shower as some have said.  It is simply in the same space like any other bathroom and it has a glass door leading into the shower.  The free water was a plus on the 90+ days we were there.
bubble_50	A great location in Lower Manhattan. Central to lots of attractions and the subway is close by. There are many restaurants to chose from in the neighborhood. The rooftop bar is spectacular, especially when the patio is open; it serves excellent dim-sum dumplings and many unique cocktails. The breakfast-lunch area is open concept with lots of interesting artwork. The breakfast is buffet style with unlimited use until 11am (including bistro coffees!). It's ok, but I got tired of the same thing every morning. The rooms are small and will accommodate two people, barely, but your in NYC: the city that never sleeps!
bubble_50	CitizenM is in a great spot in Bowery - ideal for exploring Lower Manhattan. Its a funky hotel. Rooms are on the tight side (as is the norm in NYC) but theyre thoughtfully designed, so I didnt have a problem. Two people would probably find it more snug. The only complaint Id have about the room is the ridiculously small wash basin. It made hard work if everything, and was totally unnecessary- there was enough room for a bigger one. The iPad controller was great, and the bed was really comfortable.   The common areas were cool - great tiered lobby, good breakfast area, awesome rooftop bar. The gym was bijou, but enough for a quick workout, and fine if you just want a treadmill.
bubble_30	The hotel was in a great location but everything ran by an Ipad. That is a good idea in theory but doesn't always work. the Ipad did not work for the first two hours of our arrival so we couldn't close the blinds, adjust the temperature or turn on/off lights, The room is good for sleeping only and VERY small--two people was a squeeze.
bubble_40	Great concept with self-check (don't worry. there are humans there to assist). I'd imagine this hotel to fit in perfectly in a bustling metropolis like New York City, Tokyo, Hong Kong. Rooms are small and efficient with every unit seemingly occupying the same cubed space as viewed from the outside--a perfect grid, symmetrically pre fab. Having said all that, there seemed to be missing a space where one could just truly relax. Every space is taken up with fun art, beautiful furnishings, exhilarating views (from the amazing rooftop bar to the expansive view from your room). You want a respite from the popping electric city? Not sure you'll find that here. Instead, you have a concentrated extension of what is vibrant and enlivening a great urban environment has to offer.
bubble_50	This experience was unbelievable. The one-Minute Check in, the friendliness of all the people that work there, the art all around, the wonderful bed, amazing matress and pillows, wonderful shower, great lighting, amazing rooftopbar and so on, and on, and on.....
bubble_40	Liked citizenM in so many ways but difficult to get over size of room, very tight at times. Loved the Bowery location and hip design and roof bar. Close to Bowery subway line. Great local restaurants and galleries.
bubble_50	I loved everthing about my stay! The place was cool, friendly, super clean, quiet, beautiful and had great amenities. I would surely recommend it to all my friends and sty there next time I am in town!
bubble_50	Our first experience with a Citizen M hotel at their Bowery NYC location and it was nearly perfect. Check in was simple and there were plenty of people around to help with the screens. Fast and efficient. Location: Easy access to cabs and a bus stop right out front. Easy access to the Lower East Side and its many bars and restaurants. The neighborhood is a mix of old crappy structures and new renovated buildings. You can have a beautiful chrome and glass structure right next to a graffiti mess. But that's also part of the charm of the area (and the whole city). Little Italy and Chinatown are just blocks away. A/C: Excellent. Very cooling and perfectly silent. You do have to manage the temp on the iPad, so if you're cold or hot during the night, you can't just get up and flick a
bubble_50	Excellent hotel, rooms are compact, yet cleverly designed, and what does one need the extra footage for whilst being in NY? Bowery location is perfect. Subway entrance next door, close to China town, little Italy and SoHo. A good spot to experience the real New York (besides down town Wall Street or Fith Avenue.
bubble_40	Fun place to stay - tiny rooms. lobby area and rooftop very cool.  Did not like that there was one blanket to choose from and only1 pillow per person. but when I asked for more they were great. Very courteous staff.
bubble_50	Loved the beds- loved the big windows - loved the efficiency and the in room amenitiesthe rooms are super small-they are super clean. Entire property very clean. Cool bar, cafe and lounge areas. Feels so good.  Recommend fully with caveat re room size.
bubble_50	citizenM Bowery is a great hotel in a great location. Plenty of nice restaurants within walking distance. Rooftop bar is a great place to spend an afternoon with a cold Margarita in your hand! Breakfast is a bit pricey but good.
bubble_50	Fantastic place to stay. Ultra hip and modern. Very helpful, friendly, and accommodating staff. West facing view rooms over look One World Trade and lower Manhattan for the true NCY experience. Gotta check out the rooftop bar at night to see the Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridges.  Walking distance to all the great food you could ever eat. Quick subway access to Brooklyn.
bubble_50	Loved the amenities and the fact that i didn't have to talk to anyone to check in. Love it. I couldn't do an early check out with the machines which was the only thing I didn't like too much, but the staff was extremely friendly and worked with me. Love it.
bubble_50	Room is precisely the size of the bed, which is absolutely fine if you are traveling alone or as couple.  Plenty of relatively private places in the lobby areas, so it works.  The rooftop bar is AMAZING.  Worth the stay just to go up there and have a drink and look at the city.    Location is great for downtown experience.  Try to get a high floor for the views, but also because there is some noise from Manhattan Bridge traffic.    Rooms are CLEAN, which is so wonderful for a place at this price.    The CitizenM experience takes a mind adjustment but I love it.
bubble_50	I appreciate great design and smart use of space. Combine that with the amazing rooftop views and lobby with great art and I may have a new favorite hotel! The staff was extremely friendly and the plugins for my computer, etc in the lobby proved to be a lifesaver. I will definetly be back!
bubble_50	Just walking into the lobby at CitizenM you get the vibe of a different kind of hotel. The staff is readily available to help with self check-in. We were able to check in online so we only had to collect our keys and were on our way. The lower level bar area has great seating to have a drink and enjoy the unique art work. There's a roof deck with views of the midtown skyline. The hotel is an easy walk to sidewalk bars and restaurants. The rooms are small but comfortable. The king size bed could be a little softer. The shower is the best. Would stay again.
bubble_50	Comfiest bed in NYC! The bar, staff and rooms are great. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy NYC away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square. The rooms are designed to be so functional that you feel right at home in your space. Our second stay and will def return. Love Steph the bartender, too!
bubble_50	This was a clean modern hotel. It was luxurious but didnt break the bank. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was small, but functional. I also had an amazing view. The rooftop bar was fun too.
bubble_20	The hotel is hip and new. The rooms were relatively well priced which is why I chose it, and  because it came with a king bed. However, the room is so tiny it is really only useful for doing the basics: sleeping, using the toilet and using the shower. And then you want to get out of there! The only place to sit is the bed, there is a chair and desk but so tiny! Even for a small person like me, it is not a relaxing place for anyone used to a little space. Barely enough room for my large suitcase. Be aware before you book!
bubble_50	Enjoyed the speedy check in and check out times. Technology is of top notch quality with barely any hiccups. Great lower lobby canteen and lounge area and the rooftop bar had spectacular views! Would definitely come back to stay.
bubble_50	- and perfect functionality in the rooms and a great roof top bar (with great view iof the city in the evening). Good for quiet sleeping. Small gym. Well visited but noisy bar in the living room. Good breakfast.
bubble_50	A modern upscale experience with a witty sense of humor. The rooms are well designed but very compact. It could feel tight with 2 adults but traveling with my 9yr old, it was just fine. I highly recommend it and look forward to another opportunity to return.
bubble_20	My husband and I and our friends stayed here a few weeks ago and the experience was the most challenging I've ever faced in a hotel room. Positives first: great location, clean, friendly staff, great rooftop bar. Negatives: The rooms were ridiculously small. I seriously don't know what the planners/builders of this hotel were thinking. My husband and I ended up with a handicap room (although we're not) which was a blessing in disguise because we had a bigger bathroom than our friends did. The rooms were the same size though. The width is as wide as a king size bed - seriously, bed went wall to wall. The extra space in our bathroom was needed bc we had 3 suitcases (had been on vacation for 1.5 weeks prior to NYC), so we used the extra space to store 2 of them. And because our
bubble_50	Great hotel with great staff. The bed is something else. We never ate there so cant comment on the food. The roof top bar has fabulous views. Situated in a ideal spot to explore New York. Would definitely stay here if I come back to NY
bubble_50	I found this hotel to be an excellent value for the money.  It is new, fresh, modern and fun.  The bed was very comfortable, our room was immaculate, and the service was outstanding.  I will be staying there again as the whole concept makes sense in NYC. Who stays in their room?  You need a clean, comfortable, excellent place to sleep and this fits the bill.
bubble_40	I shared a room with a friend here at the CitizenM - first thing - they only have King beds!  So, we shared a bed.  Second thing - the bed is tucked into the room with a window and two walls on the three sides so you have to crawl into the bed, maybe even over someone to get into the bed -- it was awkward but we made it work.  The bed was really big and quite comfortable so once we got the hang of it, it wasn't too bad.  two people in the room was a challenge though.... not much space to get ready for the day, change clothes, or even wash up.... the shower/toilet door is just opposite the sink so you have to scooch away if someone wants to get into or out of the shower/toilet room.  aside from the tiny cruise ship style room, the place was interesting and unique.  The location
bubble_40	I stayed at the CitizenM in November 2018 with my husband and loved everything about the hotel (except the room size) enough to return in May 2019 alone. The location is great, the staff is super friendly and the room is very comfortable for a single traveler. I wouldn't recommend it for more than 1 person.   This hotel is super modern, so if you are into traditional spaces, it is not for you.
bubble_50	The area where this hotel is located is one of my favorites in NYC. The hotel itself is very hip, and clean, people are really nice and has an amazing terrace. I was traveling alone and I think this is the perfect hotel for that. The rooms are really comfortable, but small. Really small. It's more than enough for one person, but I can't see myself there with someone else. There just wouldn't be enough room for two people and two pieces of luggage. So if you're planning on sharing a room with a friend this might not be the best option, in my opinion. But if you're traveling by yourself or with friends, but wach one want's their own room, this is the perfect option. I would definitely stay here again. Really comfortable bed.
bubble_50	In the new trendy hotel/not hotel category. Very modern room with smart room technology. If you have a lot of stuff or our luggage, it might be tight but very easy for me and my wife. NYC isn't meant to have a ton of stuff with you, you're supposed to come and enjoy the city.
bubble_50	This hotel has a great rooftop bar. When you enter the lobby you see a very cool, stadium style seating area surrounding the bar. The decor is bright and modern. You take the elevator to the rooftop. The bar area here is also decorated in modern decor, bright tables and chairs. There are a bunch of standing tables and seating. When you walk outside, the view is awesome. You pretty much get a 360 view of Manhattan and beyond!  You can see the World Trade Center and Brooklyn Bridge. Highly recommend visiting this rooftop bar. They have all kids of mixed drinks, beer and champagne.
bubble_50	I stayed at CitizenM for business, but brought my 16 year old daughter with me. We were both blown away by the hotel. It is cool and hip, but also comfortable and clean. It appealed to a 16 year old and 50 year old alike. The room is really small, so be aware if that is important to you.
bubble_50	Fantastic rooms, with lots of easy-to-use tech via an iPad (control temperature, blinds, lights, TV etc). Stylish, modern, smart design. Room wasn't big but was designed in a smart way. Amazing view towards the bridge. Convenient location - quick walk via Spring Street to SoHo, the subway etc. Great rooftop bar. Overall a really nice experience. Truly recommend this place.
bubble_50	5 Nights at the Bowery CitizenM. A great stay in a very clean modern and innovative house. All the staff especially Will convinced by enormous friendliness and helpfulness. On our next stay we will certainly stay here again
bubble_50	Staff were friendly and helpful. Check-in was quick and straightforward. The room itself was quiet and comfortable. The rooftop bar provides a beautiful view of the Manhattan skyline, with a decent selection of drinks. Meanwhile, the lounge area is spaceous and tranquil, perfect for when having breakfast in the morning, or from returning after a long day out in the city. While it may be some time before I return to NYC, I'm fairly confident I'll be staying here again when I do.
bubble_50	It was a great stay and on my next stay in NY I'll stay at the citizenM again! The view over the city and the comofrtable bed was amazing! I felt warmly welcome and everybody was so Kind and open-minded :)
bubble_50	Contemporary and unique....recommend you check out room size to make sure is not an issue....great value for location....staff is superb, rooms are clean(and new), beds are comfy and spacious, showers became fun again
bubble_50	Great hotel for the cost with really good location when staying in Manhattan. Friendly staff that are always willing to help Good view of the city on the rooftop bar great decoration in the lobby and throughout the hotel Amazing view from the top levels of the hotel
bubble_10	Although I didn't like the neighborhood, I really liked the simple check-in process, small-but-big-enough-to-open-a-suitcase room.  BUT they didn't clean my room even though I didn't put "No Room Clean For Me" sign on the door.  I called the ambassador, then went out.  2 hours later, my room wasn't cleaned yet, so I went downstairs and spoked to the ambassador FTF, then went to the bar.  2 hours later, still my room was a mess, so I went to speak to the ambassador.  This time, he finally spoke to the manager and he promised me to clean the room.  I went back to the bar again and waited for another 1 hr.  Finally my room was a bit cleaned (not fully because housekeeping staffs were gone for the day) and could go back to the room at 10pm.  Why did I have to spend all those money
bubble_50	This hotel is fab! Apart from being gorgeous and convienient - the staff are AMAZING!!!!!!! I have yet to meet such nice people anywhere! They really are a credit to the hotel. The breakfast is reasonable and really lovely. The rooms are perfect and so modern with an Ipad to control everything from mood lighting and the TV. I cant recommend enough :) Thank you x Annette
bubble_50	The room my friend and I stayed in was small  almost like glamping  but still perfect in every way. Would definitely stay again. A special touch every time you turn around. Art everywhere! Friendly staff. It was like staying in an art museum.
bubble_50	Very convenient location, small but surprisingly effiecient and comfortable space.  I was alone so it was perfect.  I wouldnt recommend for people who are not really comfortable with each other, as bathroom is not super private.  But, had a great stay.
bubble_40	We loved staying here.  We were only there for 2 nights but everything was great.  Check in was very simple, check out was even easier.  The drinks were good and I love the refrigerators with the simple but delicious snacks.  The rooftop lounge was EVERYTHING!!!!!!
bubble_50	Amazing place, great price, I am now a loyal customer!  Went beyond my expectations, common areas, food, room, all of it was excellent!  Staff was friendly, attentive and aware of customer needs.  I will definitely be back!
bubble_40	Had a very pleasing stay. Everything felt new and clean. Modern and fresh design hotel/ room. Cozy, easygoing canteen. Amazing rooftop views. Friendly staff. Good location. Bowery, I will def. be back!!
bubble_50	One of the coolest boutique hotels in all of Manhattan. The lobby and common areas are filled with incredible art. Rooms are small but very high tech and comfortable. All rooms are the same and you get to select your view upon check-in, which is automated with atm-like machines. The staff is extremely friendly and very focused on ensuring great service. The rooftop bar and outdoor space are also incredible with great drinks and views. Prices were also very reasonable, at least during my stay. I will definitely be back.
bubble_50	I dont have anything negative to say - awesome hotel! Would 100% recommend everyone to stay here. Its a smart room, everything in the hotel is well thought out. It just makes sense - from check in to check out. And the bed is absolutely amazing. I was lucky and had a beautiful view of the city!
bubble_30	Citizen M Bowery is well located, with many restaurants and shops nearby, and not far from Downtown. I didnt like the bathroom halfway in the room... messy and not convenient. Nice lounge area, good to work and meet.
bubble_50	Very good location in New York. Nolita is a nice place to stay, so many good food to taste around.  The room was amazing, exceptional view, so clean, not that big but very smart fitting, all services connected with the tablet, very pleasant.  We announced our wedding anniversary while booking and we had an early booking at the 19th floor, and 2 cocktails offered at the rooftop bar : exceptional experience. Bed is very confortable and the room was very quiet, the lounge is very well decorated, and the rooftop bar is such an amazing place, at anytime of the day or the night,  We do recommend this place !!!!
bubble_50	Best hotel Ive stayed at for a while. Very clean room, extremely nice people, everything was so simple regarding check in/check out. If we come back to New York, we will be back at this hotel for sure! Would highly recommend.
bubble_20	If you want an ultra modern hotel is Bovery, this is your hotel. But, beware: rooms are more ship cabins! Despite they are modern, very clean, and have good views,  the size is simply ridiculous. The king bed on the window barely leaves space in the room for a small piece of luggage, and the integrated bath room leaves no room for the minimum privacy...For 300$ a night, I could have find a better place, sorry to be so clear. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	Service and cleanliness were the most valuable after staying at CitizenM New York Bowery for five days. Probably the neighborhood is not the best but you are close to Soho, Noho, Little Italy and China Town !!!
bubble_50	This was an amazing choice for accommodation in Manhattan. The Bowery is one of my favourite areas of nyc, tons of unique restaurants and bars to choose from within walking distance. The staff was very friendly and the rooftop patio was breathtaking. I cant wait to return and enjoy this space again.
bubble_50	Modern hotel with great amenities. Rooftop hotel bar is amazing. Room was controlled by a tablet, pretty cool.  Great location, convenient to trains uptown and walking to little Italy, Chinatown, east and west village
bubble_40	got to the hotel at 5.00 a.m from the airport and received my room. this was a very pleasant surprise. the location of the hotel is very good, if you're looking to be mainly in this part of Manhattan. Staff friendly and efficient. Only problem - room is tiny. So much so, that the double bed is against the wall, so a person as to climb on tp of the other to get down. If this is less of an issue - you will like the hotel.
bubble_50	Killer View from the Rooftop bar. Excellent drink menu. Their breakfast was hands down the best Ive had anywhere.  6 pm late check out is awesome! Love the digitized room and the free adult movies. The artwork through out the hotel is dope!
bubble_50	Came here with my boyfriend for a little stay-cation. Love the self check-in experience. The computer even had options for preference of rooms and late check-outs. A staff member was on the side any additional help was requested. We stayed on the 10th floor and the view was amazing. We chose a room with a west side view and we were able to see into Downtown Manhattan with the skyline of the Freedom Tower. Room has all the basic necessities and was designed to be super efficient. Location of the hotel is very close to transportation as well. My boyfriend and I had a great stay here and we would definitely consider to stay here again if we do another stay-cation.
bubble_50	I loved everything about this hotel from start to finish. I only wish I could have stayed longer. I will definitely visit again. Super clean and super trendy. I loved the location so close to soho, China Town, and Little Italy.
bubble_40	Hotel and rooms are super clean, service and tech is state-of-the-art, everything is designed well and personell is very friendly! Great for a Weekend - for a longer stay the rooms are quiet small for two adults.
bubble_50	What a sparkling clean and modern hotel! The bed was comfy and the staff was incredibly pleasant.   Our room was very quiet and we had a great view of the neighborhood.  Good restaurants near by. The checkin and checkout process was seamless. The rooftop bar is spectacular! They have a great wine list.  We watched sunset and sipped from the bar and it was stunning.
bubble_50	very good hotel. overall. worth the price 100% a beautiful building and great location. breakfast not so tasty but definitely reliable for the business traveler, as well as the coworking space downstairs very convenient for meetings while having breakfast etc.
bubble_40	I last stayed at a CitizenM hotel eight years ago when the company was in its infancy and was yet to cross the pond, and was interested to see whether it remained just as innovative in its N New York Bowery incarnation.  Booking was relatively straightforward. Whilst I was grateful for the absence of a Facilities Fee, as charged by others in the city, apparently to drive down their headline prices and appear more competitive, the addition of city tax at the very end of the process felt sneaky and unnecessary. Nevertheless, the process was easy, and I was even able to choose to prepay in order to lock in the price and avoid any increase at check out owing to less favorable exchange rates.  The hotel is really very well situated for anybody coming from JFK. Switch from the
bubble_30	Hotel room is small and poorly laid out. Our unexpected "roommate" was a very large cockroach.  Coffee in the hotel was expensive ($4.00 per cup) and not very good. The staff was nice and friendly, but it didn't make up for the deficiencies noted. The location was okay, if you don't mind being next to the Bowery Mission, but this is not a hotel I would choose again.
bubble_50	We loved our stay here. Efficient, comfortable and fabulous staff. The proximity to everything we enjoy in Nyc was so convenient. I loved the clean way to check in-no fuss, modern and someone there if you are not tech savvy. Very helpful staff and comfy clean accommodations.
bubble_40	The location and check-in speed were great, and the rooms were clean. I stayed ten days at this location and am eager to see the other citizenMs. My only complaint is the general lack of awareness among the staff. They are friendly, eager, and present, yet at times all of that was simply perfunctory.
bubble_50	Unlike any place I've stayed before. The details in the decor, The amazing king sized bed that looked out onto the city, the amenities, the staff, and our cute and super smart room :)  We were blown away by how much they utilized our room space and we will really miss hitting the "wake up" button on our smart room ipad :) We can't wait to visit again and enjoy our cocktails on the rooftop
bubble_50	Simply great hotel in a perfect location.   The room's are very small but organized smartly!  Great bathroom (very very small..) but clean and had all we needed in it.. will definitely come back again, and recommend our friends - already have..
bubble_50	We stayed here for our honeymoon and it massively exceeded our expectations. The bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in and the view from the room was amazing. The whole hotel was funky, full of technology that enhanced the experience and staff who genuinely loved their jobs. I especially loved the thoughtful touches such as free gym access and the water in our mini fridge being replenished daily. Clean, great location right by the subway and amazing restaurants and bars within walking distance. Thank you for the best week!!
bubble_50	I have been in New York for vacation, I knew CitizenM philosophy in London and now when I can, I choose it again. Modern approach to hoteling, luxury and confortable stay (rooms are small but absolutely confirtable), very nice people and technology. In particular, the Bowery has a fantastic position in a nice area of New York full of restaurants and shops and close to the subway. I strongly suggest this hotel.
bubble_50	Excellent views from the rooftop and great location. Friendly staff, rooms very clean, modern and comfy. Excepcional design.The quality-price ratio is worthwhile. There is room for improvement in the menu though. More vegan options would be appreciated.
bubble_50	Excellent small restaurants close to the hotel, new technology in the rooms are great, I think is a good experience all the installations maintenance is very good everything works well including Wi-Fi
bubble_40	The hotel is very funky and modern. Lots of fun too with quirky modern decor. Rooftop bar is amazing but no vegan food or snacks served there :-( . Rooms are all the same, small but large enough and functional. Location is in lower east side close to East Village. So its hip and up and coming. Lots of options to get uptown on subways. Really liked it. Only downside was breakfast which was good but limited options for vegans apart from fruit and granola. Could do better there.
bubble_50	We (two adults) checked in for two nights at the end of a two-week, multi-country vacation. The check-in process was exceptionally easy, with friendly staff members available to walk us through the process at their front-desk kiosks. Although it was mostly self-service, there was nothing cold or detached about the staff's attitude - everyone was welcoming and helpful.  Arriving in the evening, our room was immediately available and had no problem finding the room. While it was small (as we expected), it was immaculately clean (no smell of smoke at all - which is crucial for us) and featured several nooks for storing our mass of luggage - including under-bed storage drawers and a small closet. We had a king-size room, with the only space challenge being one side of the bed pinned
bubble_30	Found the canteen decor fun and entertaining. The rooms are compact, but clean and modern. My first experience with a "smart room" - had an issue with the lights on the last evening. Transitional neighborhood so there were some vagrants hanging in front of the hotel. For the price I would definitely stay again and recommend for a short stay.
bubble_40	I know people complain that the room is small, but welcome to NYC.  The room is very well designed and laid out... bed is comfy, shower is nice, chair/desk setup is good.  I've stayed at many other budget/pod hotels in Manhattan and this is one of the best.
bubble_50	All the way a great experience from the self check-in to the potentially best situated roofterrace over nice technology that works in the rooms. Especially the mood light with RGB color in the shower. All controlled from an iPad. The Hotel gives you more for the money than anything else in NYC.  We'll be back.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel and amenities and you cant beat the price. The view from the 19th floor is beyond comparison. The room though small was perfect, I mean what more room do you want anyway. The bed was designed to keep you in it. Will be back soon
bubble_50	We spent the weekend for my fiance's birthday.  The location was perfectly situated to the sights we were looking for (Little Italy, Brooklyn Bridge, Dumbo).  The ambassadors/staff were awesome!  The room is not large but that's all we needed as it was our base camp, not where we were going to be spending our time.  Everything was efficiently placed for maximum use.  The bed was comfy, the bathroom was very clean, and the view was amazing!  We will be back for sure!
bubble_50	The experience at CitizenM is flawless from the first moment to the last. World class affordable luxury. The beds are amazing, always super clean, fantastic views, super locations and excellent shared spaces. Stayed at their hotels in multiple locations and will be back for sure.
bubble_50	This hotel is perfect.  Most genius feature - soft closing doors in the rooms. None of that hallway banging all night and all morning.  Room is perfect. Tiny but legit perfect.  Restaurants coffee working spaces great.  Feels like a breath of fresh air.
bubble_20	We arrived at 1pm, about one hour before their check-in officially opens. We were somewhat rudely asked to wait, and only when I asked if no rooms were available yet did the person at check-in say so. When we finally checked in at 4pm after a late lunch, the edges of the bed were extremely dusty, had hair on them, and the edge next to the window had a bottle of half-used lube (!!!). We discovered these after we had already sat in the bed. We were very naturally disgusted by this, and even the housekeeper who came in to clean up was shocked at how dirty the room was and proceeded to loudly speak with who I assume was her supervisor about who had cleaned the room. Despite all this, all we got was a brief 'sorry about that' over the phone, not even an apology in person or any offer
bubble_50	I was supposed to stay one night at CitizenM - I booked flex knowing my plans were tenuous, and in the end I had to cancel. There was a bit of confusion from the way the website showed my option to cancel - after a certain timeframe even with flex you may only get partial refund but the landing page suggested full refund. When I inquired after only receiving partial refund, CitizenM customer service quickly responded acknowledged the confusing nature of the landing page for my reservation and refunded me the full amount, when according to policy should have remained partial. I am sorry I did not ultimately get to stay but I will definitely consider it for future stays based on the prompt and transparent customer service.
bubble_30	Here are the pros: the beds are very comfortable, the views from the high floors are delightful, the roof deck bar is lovely for sunset cocktails, the staff is very friendly and earnestly trying to do a good job. The coffee and pastries are delicious, though paying $6.50 for two basic coffees every morning got old fast. It's a great neighborhood location, on the border between the Lower East Side/Chinatown and SoHo. This hotel might provide a decent crash pad for a solo traveler who is tech-savvy enough to deal with the in-room iPad system controller, and really just wants a clean comfortable place to sleep and shower while enjoying an urban vacation or business trip for a couple of nights.  Here's the but(s): The rooms are unbearably, claustrophobia-inducingly tiny. The beds
bubble_50	Easy in and easy out. The rooftop bar has great ceiling to floor views and tasty cocktails. The cafe serves wonderful espresso and the multi storied lounge is comfy for hanging out. It has the look of a museum, complete with sofas and a bar. The room we stayed in was small, but an efficient use of space. IKEA comes to mind. Everything seemed new and the bed overlooked Bowery and beyond.  Great options for transportation, though I wouldnt recommend taking a cab at rush hour to get there.
bubble_50	Very comfortable room for a great quiet night's sleep, efficient check in/out, loved the Graffiti Museum - don't miss it!  Great walkable location for Bowery/Soho area.  Don't miss the roof bar for a great city/sunset view.
bubble_50	I liked everything about it. The room and bathroom were very clean, bed was comfortable. I liked the size of the room, great view from the window. Service was also great. I loved the small coffee shop in the lobby. Pastry and coffee were great! I would definitely recommend it . And I will stay there again when I come to NY.
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel in fantastic location at a more than fantastic price. All the staff were super helpful, couldnt do enough for us. And we loved the rooftop bar!!  Just got home to England yesterday and have already recommended it to some friends. We will most definitely stay again.
bubble_50	I will recommand this hotel to all my friends who want to go to NYC and live a great experience. The location is perfect (subway or by walk), the rooms are amazing, the rooftop is crazy and the people who works there are so kind.
bubble_50	It was a challenge to find an outstanding hotel in Manhatten which lived up to all our expectations. CitizenM offers everything you could wish for when visiting New York. It is located in SoHo, one of the nicest areas of New York. From CitizenM youre an hours walk away from Times Square, Williamsburg and Financial District. The location is super central, and only an hours drive from JFK Airport. The staff was always super friendly and really making our stay as comfortable as possible.  The room is equipped with all the needed essentials. From an converter to charge our mobile phones to a blowdryer and so forth  Got extra pillows and coathangers delivered to our rooms. The bed was always made up very neatly and the room was super clean! Two bottles of water were put in the
bubble_40	Location is amazing for the not wanting to be in Times Square NYC traveler. The lobby * cantina * roof top and feel is absolutely breath taking and just co! These are the reasons I always pick a CitizenM Hotel if Possible! However this time we tried the new Bowery Location and Im still in love but slightly disappointed because We woke up multiple times last night sweating. The air conditioner doesnt work well at all. It continually turns off and when it claims to be working the temp change doesnt move hardly at all. The mood pad and I began to get into a Yo are lying to me war... showing the air on but nothing really happening.   This is my 13th stay at a CitizenM as I said I am truly on of their biggest fans but I am very sad that I experienced this hick-up this time.
bubble_20	For starters, the lobby is just amazing. Like an art installation. Communal tables or little nook tables to sit at. A big bar/coffee area. All 24/7. The roof top bar has a spectacular view.   However, the room was the smallest I had ever been in. Smaller than even the Japanese "businessman hotels" I've been to. There is no place to put luggage. No closet to speak of. The bed is wedged between the walls of the room. I'm guessing the whole room is about 150 sq ft.It's well designed with a smart room tablet but doesn't make up for a very, very cramped space for even one person. And I'm barely a buck fifty.   Now the most disappointing issue - value. Most upscale hotels you go to have phenomenal, attentive staff. However, it was clear that the staff they hired were very
bubble_50	The room is a bit small but the bed more than makes up for it.  Washing my face in the sink was a challenge because the sink was pretty tiny, as was the vanity/sink area in general.  The hotel lobby smelled amazing, the room was very clean and the ipad room technology was great.  Also, it was very nice to get to choose what floor and what view you wanted upon check in.  Although, I don't think theres a bad view in the place. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Prefect location, this hotel is so pretty and has a very friendly atmosphere. Rooms are on the small side but it is totally compensated with the big comfy bed, also if you get a room in the high floors you'll be able to get a beautiful morning view of the city. Make sure to visit their rooftop bar too!
bubble_50	Amazing location, price, views, and hotel room. We got this room last minute when staying over in the city and we were not disappointed. Very small and cozy but would definitely describe as affordable minimal luxury. Nestled between little Italy, LES, Chinatown, and SoHo; a must stay if you want to explore the south east quadrant of Manhattan! Will definitely be back!
bubble_50	Located in a vibrant neighbourhood with many restaurants and bars. Nearby subway to explore rest of the city. Very pleasant public spaces and a rooftop bar that offers an amazing view of the city. Staff is eager to be of service and make you feel at ease.
bubble_40	Rooms are comfortable, clean and smartly designed, with a big window. It was lovely how light the room was. The room had a spacious and modern shower and an excellent bed. I travelled solo and it was perfect for me (a 2nd person in the room would have been too much for me, but I like my space). The big cafe/living room downstairs in the hotel is a nice place to have a drink or do some work. There is also a rooftop bar with a good view. Wifi was good. As a minor point of criticism, I did not seem able to get the room temperature below 18 deg C, which made it a bit too warm for me. I should add that I have not asked the hotel staff whether this could be changed/I misunderstood the control panel. Overall I can say that I visit New York on average 4 times a year and I can honestly
bubble_40	Yes that is what they call themselves.  And it fits. I love the easy self check in and the simple rooms with huge bed. But this one also had a great view to NY. There are quirky message all around and everything is modern and very instagram. Only minus was the quite small gym, but it worked fine. On the other hand I had a nice run through Chinatown down to view Statue of Liberty.
bubble_50	CitizenM was amazing. Yes, the rooms are small but the layout is so unique and well thought out. The bath products smelled heavenly and the bed...one of the most comfortable beds ever. Staff was friendly, rooftop bar had great drinks and views. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	Loved the view from my room on the 19th floor. Got a big smile from the staff every morning I walked out of the hotel straight into the amazing Soho neighborhood. Even worked through my emails on the rooftop in the sun while enjoying my Aperol Spritz, all possible!   Breakfast a bit uninspiring but good enough and tasty.  I'll be back!
bubble_40	Really enjoyed our stay here. The room was compact (like most NYC hotel rooms), but cleverly designed with quirky touches. Loved the iPad from which you control everything in the room. The hotel is fun and trendy without being too cool for school. The rooftop bar was awesome and we went there every night before going out! Being British, I did miss tea / coffee-making facilities in the room - and the alternative, buying from downstairs and bringing up - is expensive. But there's a great French patisserie just around the corner for a delicious breakfast.
bubble_30	I've stayed at Citizen M hotels before so am aware of the small rooms. They really are rooms made for single travellers, any more people trying to get around, shower and use the toilet makes for a pretty tricky visit. Art work and trendy decor doesn't take away from the fact that there's absolutely no room for luggage or lounging. That being said the beds are comfy and the hotel is in a great location.  Annoyingly the amenities in the room don't compare to other similar hotels with no in room tea/ coffee or complimentary snacks which for the mornings was annoying and added up.  The rest of the hotel offers loads of lounge space and downstairs is great for chilling out, unfortunately the main attraction the great rooftop bar is packed full of non hotel guests and guests get no
bubble_50	Clean, comfy and beautifull hotel. The staff was exceptional as well as the great rooms and cleanliness of the hotel. Would definetely recommend this hotel to anyone for a trip to New York also because of the great location.
bubble_50	We had a great time at citizenM New York Bowery. The location was great. Easy walk to Chinatown and Little Italy. Subways all within a very short walk. Roof top bar and lounge had a wonderful view of the city. Living room and canteen was the perfect meeting spot.
bubble_50	This funky hotel is located a quick jaunt away from Soho shopping and a plethora of amazing restaurants. My husband and I stayed two nights and loved the chill vibe, the views and action on the rooftop bar and the small but cozy room. We will no doubt stay here again as it met all our needs. The only consideration is price. We booked 5 months in advance and paid nearly double what the nightly rate was when we arrived. Be mindful to check with the hotel, not just the booking engine to get the best rate.
bubble_40	Stayed for a work week trip. The rooms are small and they dont hide it, but a great use of space. Wall to wall bed was one of the most comfortable in any hotel Ive stayed at, which for me is high praise. Checkin/out is seamless and awesome to not have to plan 15 min extra at either end of the stay. Great breakfast and super friendly staff, and the downstairs bar/seating area (living room) is an awesome place to just chill out.  Being in town for a week I was a little hung up about not having laundry situated, but to be fair I didnt think to ask. The workout room is smaller than Id prefer, so would be good if they could partner with a local gym for more machines, space, etc. but those are minor quibbles. Really enjoyable place and would definitely stay there for short leisure
bubble_40	Our stay in this very upbeat "pop art" hotel was great. It had lovely amenities and extraordinary views of the city in addition to an amazing Museum of Street Art and a rooftop bar....as well as great coffee and croissants! We would stay there again.
bubble_50	This hotel was absolutely delightful. I enjoy the minimalist furniture and laminate flooring - it keeps cleaner than old school hotel style furniture and carpet. The bed was so comfortable with an amazing view out the window beside it. The rooms are completely wired and controlled by the bedside iPad. When you walk in the room there is a personalized message welcoming you on the tv screen. The bathroom has wonderful smelling product in the shower - a different scent for am and pm. Great customer service at front desk and in cafe and roof top bar. Oh- the stunning roof top bar with the stellar view is spot on. My husband and I loved our stay here and it was perfect to walk around southern manhattan and over the Williamsburg bridge to Brooklyn. We will stay there again! The only
bubble_40	Excellent Location and small but clean room. Drinks at the bar and in the canteen were too expensive. At the reception smells parfum to much. The bathroom was clean, but we couldn't close the door good
bubble_40	Very artsy and boutique style hotel with a nice lobby/restaurant area.  Very friendly staff. The bed was very comfortable and clean. Although the room was small, it had motorized shades and lights which can be controlled from the bed which was very convenient. Very nice rooftop bar and centrally located.   The only issue we had was the sink which was so small when we wash our face we also wash our feet.
bubble_50	Super great place. only caveat was the very very soft bed - if you like a little harder, ask for more pillows to prop up (the bed is huge and so are the pillows). Shower is AMAZING. Really weird that there is absolutely NO NOISE from the hallway or other rooms, and the peeps next door had an infant!
bubble_30	Amazing hotel with the right vibe. Rooms are just perfect. Unfortunately the quality of staff varied heavily. The breakfast was US$ 21,- and the choice was very limited. Fruit was not refilled and for a simple apple we had to pay additional. Beautiful rooftop not accessible for teenagers...
bubble_50	Nothing much to say, this is one of the few current realities that offer a great alternative to b&bs, boutique hotels etc. Contemporary hotel concept with accent on what really counts during one's stay (comfort and homefeeling), cutting the unnecessary "packaging". Honest, cool, , comfy, clean, inspiring, social. Definitely makes me look for CitizenM next time I'm traveling to any city.
bubble_50	Had a wonderful time here last weekend!! Even tho I stayed for night, I enjoyed every minute! The smart technology on the iPad as well as the view from my room (9th floor) was exceptional. Unfortunately I did not get to experience CanteenM but I will make my way back over there soon! Special shoutout to Queen for her rockstar service!   See you soon!
bubble_40	visual emotions, technological surprises, fun, art, incredible views from the roof and fantastic ambassadors.The room is really very small, but it's super-equipped and quiet. The shower is fantastic and the large bed very comfortable
bubble_30	This hotel is in a great area in the lower east side, close to some great bars and eateries. Has a great rooftop bar, and the staff are all fantastic. But the rooms are like shoe boxes and with 2 adults sharing with luggage it was extremely cramped, you are basically on top of each other. Reasonable pricing for NY but be warned, this is the reason.  Cant say enough about the great staff though, probably ok for 20 somethings or just little people in general.
bubble_50	Loved this hotel! Amazingly comfortable. Great views, great guest areas.and the rooftop canteen..we luv this area.lots of eateries and shops and overall walking around. Would most certainly return next time
bubble_50	AMAZING place to stay in any city. I want to visit all of the citizenM's around the world now. Fantastic art everywhere, crazy clean, and super friendly. The rooftop bar is spectacularly beautiful and swanky yet relaxed. You feel like you're in luxury, but not out of place. 5 out 6 of the staff I came into contact with were extremely friendly and informative. The room was so sophisticated and quirky I almost didn't want to leave it. Props to the literature assortment provided. My only disappointment was food selection, but apparently I just didn't see the lunch menu at canteenM.
bubble_50	In a great location. Bed is super comfortable, the room is really well designed. It was a pleasure to stay here and I would love to try another of their hotels. The room was really clean and all amenities very functional
bubble_40	Would be 5 stars except for the very slow elevator experience - often taking 5-10 minutes to get us to our from our 15th floor room. Seemed 1 or 2 of the 4 elevators was always out of action or being used for housekeeping work.
bubble_50	Small rooms but exceptionel efficient use of space. Tech experience was great! Nice roof top bar with great views. I rarely do reviews but have made an exception this time but find it really annoying, that you need to post 200 characters :-(
bubble_50	Our staying at the CitizenM was excellent. The experience was really good, it is an small room but with a big bed, the shower is amazing, the cleanness is perfect. The ambience of the hotel is too cool, the bar, restaurant, the gym everything was perfect. The hotel is near by 3 metro station and an incredible neighborhood.
bubble_30	I don't think "affordable luxury" is the right term to be used for this Hotel. I mean, its a cool place but I felt like I was in an hostel.. young crowd and very small rooms. The best thing was the view from the room, but in NYC you can get that everywhere..
bubble_20	The concept is fun but taken to the extreme, to the point of feeling like a kid sister playing dress up in adult clothing. When things dont work the gambit is useless. There is no true restaurant in the hotel, but the bar provides expensive, tiny food plates that are not worth it. The room feels like a futuristic pod, which is cool until the iPad for the room doesnt work right and you cant do the things they advertise. This place is just trying WAY TOO HARD to be the cool kid on the block. There are so many other great (and cheaper) hotels in the area dont waste your time with this one.
bubble_50	Possibly one of the best hotels ive stayed in from the point of view that it ticks the box of everything you need, especially for a business stay. Fast wifi, big comfortable bed, great shower and reasonable space. Waking up to the view of NYC from the hotel rooms is fantastic as the bed is dirextly next to the window, however the rooftop bar has one of the best views from a New York rooftop that i have found so far.
bubble_50	This place is a must stay and now stands at the top of my hotel list for NYC.  Incredible service with a classy, eclectic and customer focused environment. From the initial lobby experience to the modern and ultra comfy room to the great rooftop bar and lounge area..., this place is fantastic!  5 stars!
bubble_50	Awesome city view and overall great vibe in this place. Bring a significant other and hit the romance button lol or go Into party mode. Service was awesome from the jump everyone at the front desk was extremely friendly
bubble_50	Great hotel in a very good location. The rooms are small but the great outlook makes it feel bigger. The location is super central, just a few steps from the New Museum and Chinatown. A great bar right next to the builing. We will definetly come back!
bubble_50	This hotel is simply wonderful. It is everything you need in a New York hotel: fantastic views, huge comfy bed, free movies, free water, blackout blinds, good coffee, excellent wifi!  I could not recommend this hotel more. I loved it. It suited my needs perfectly.
bubble_50	Great experience in CitizenM Bowery. It is next to Nolita, with a lot of restaurants very close. The room was great, with views of the city. We could choose the location of the room.  And maybe the better place was the roof bar. Amazing views!!
bubble_50	Every aspect of CitizenM was amazing!  It was literally like walking into the Vitre!  All of the staff work in multiple parts of the hotel and remember your name.  They make you feel incredibly welcome and appreciated.  The room was so comfortable!  It was tiny but perfect.  Felt like being back in Switzerland.  I would stay at a CitizenM in any city where they exist.  Exceptional!!
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights-hotel has one of the best deco ever, room compact but very efficient with the iPad technology. Location was great away from tourists but close to everything. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I would defo stay there again and recommend it to others. The rooftop bar at the hotel is a must visit
bubble_50	Was great to stay. Location is excellent and the hotel is ideal for a combined business and leisure trip. Love the living rooms, especially early morning with an European jet leg and the spectacular roof terrace late afternoon. I travel a lot and stay in CitrizenM wherever possible.
bubble_50	Flawless stay resulting in my five starring the hell out of this place. Everything makes so much sense and there are so many hidden amenities that they don't even brag about (having the Museum of Street Art in the stairwell, e.g.). Great place.
bubble_40	Excellent modern new hotel with small but well thought-out rooms. Comfy beds and nice and quiet in the rooms. Air-con worked well and quietly. Bar at the top was exciting and great views over New York.
bubble_40	Our experience at the CitizenM was great. The location was perfect for the things we had planned in NYC and the accommodations were spot-on for the price (in NYC). The room, while small, was laid out really well and had pretty much everything we needed. We ended up spending more time in the room than we originally thought we would, but even at that, it never felt cramped or claustrophobic.   Staff was super friendly, even though we didn't need to interact with them a lot.  We both struggle with sleep most of the nights we were there, but that doesn't seem related to the facilities at all. The bed was comfortable and the pillow, which I expected to destroy my neck because of how soft it was, was also really comfortable.   We would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	First and foremost: your room is a pod- a modern, slick-designed pod. So please stop and re-consider if you are looking for an antique charm. Our room was spotlessly clean, had all amenities needed (minus a coffee machine). The check in and all inquiries are prompt and courteous.  The restaurant is more like a futuristic cafeteria with good hot food at all hours.  CloudM - the rooftop bar is beautifully designed and tons of fun with a nice view. Great staff and good stay altogether!
bubble_50	Fantastic find in the perfect location near all the best food, shops, and cafes. Check-in is automatic via a kiosk, and you create your own key card in less than a minute. You choose your view, lower or high rooms with east or west views. All the rooms are the same, no penthouse suites. Bed was comfy slept great. The hotel itself it really neat its artsy and modern. The rooftop bar at night was stunning. We didnt eat breakfast here, but it did look good. We will definitely be staying here again. My only request to the hotel is PLEASE allow the showers to get hotter than 100. I was a bit cold in the shower, as 100 degree F is not really hot enough for a shower. Its warm, yes, but would be much more enjoyable if I could turn the notch up just a bit more. Other
bubble_50	The weather was not really great, with strong winds and snow in March. But accommodation and service was great. Nice and cozy hotel, modern and home like place. Really enjoyed and will be back for sure. If not in NY than in Europe or Tokyo!
bubble_50	Amazing location, and the entire hotel had incredible NYC views. Very cool vibe with local art and neat designs. Comfy bed, high tech room, very clean! Nice people and service. Rooftop bar is amazing. Definitely recommend.
bubble_50	Just everything was perfect, the museum of Street art was wonderful and the roof top a great  Experience.  Breakfast and commodities were great as well as the bathroom experience. Employees were very kind and happy, Subway around the corner!
bubble_50	We were able to purchase a discounted room for about $206/night (after taxes) on Booking.com. At this price, the experience was 5 out of 5 stars, despite the tiny room. However, if one is to pay +$250/night, they may not feel that they are getting an adequate value since the rooms are truly mini (but efficient).  iPad crashed one time and I needed to restart it. But otherwise the tech worked well. Lots of thoughtful details in the room, including high end Swiss furniture. Was impressed with the speed and ease-of-use of the internet. Rooms are very clean. Consistently friendly staff.
bubble_50	These are small capsule rooms. Do not stay here with a family or with 2 very large adults. But the bed is great, I loved sleeping with the shades open overlooking the city, and the location is great if you like the LES/Bowery (which I do). Bed is super comfortable and coffee shop in the lobby makes good coffee.
bubble_30	I like to spend the weekends with my gf at hotels in the city. Been wanting to try this one so we finally did. Bar downstairs and rooftop bars were great! The hype of it all came to quick end when we walked in to our room. We definitely got the nyc apt experience with how small the room was and how everything was bunched up. All we were missing were a tabletop stove burner and we wouldve been locals. We definitely did not get the luxury in our room.
bubble_50	From the moment you step into this hotel you will love it. Arty vibe, friendly staff, rooftop bar with views across Manhattan. They will take your breath away.  The room is compact and has everything you need and the bed is blissfully comfortable.   Easy walk to fabulous restaurants and delis, subway, close to entertainment and Brooklyn.  We only stayed a night and wish we had stayed longer. Will definitely be back!
bubble_50	This hotel is super cool and looks amazing . Smart aond beautiful rooms controlled with iPad. Comfortable bed. Miniral water every day in the morning bar! Great location. Rooftop bar which is also Amazing with great view!! Really enjoyed!!
bubble_50	Amazing example of a well thought out hotel.  We arrived early in the morning and check in was a breeze, as advertised done in under 2 minutes.  I asked for a good view for my wifes birthday and wasnt disappointed, the view from the 15th floor is amazing. Along with the view was a hand drawn happy birthday card which gave us a free drink.  The rooms are small but perfectly functional and thought out, it has a drawer for the safe and your case and everything else you would ever need.  The bed is on of the comfiest in a hotel room I have experienced.  The top floor has a sky bar which has some of the best views Ive seen since visiting. The 360 views of Manhattan are amazing and so are the cocktails.  The staff have all been friendly and super attentive.  Would 100% recommend
bubble_50	A new modern concept.    They remove what we don't like in a hotel.  They maximize what we love in a hotel. Great staff Great location Great concept.   modern approach for demanding customers who want more.
bubble_50	First experience as a Citizen, and loved it.   1. The staff (as in..every member of the staff) was friendly and helpful.  They never treated you like they were bothered and always greeted you with a smile and appropriate greeting. 2.  The design and aesthetics of the hotel were impeccable.  Every nook and cranny was designed to the T.  Nothing mundane about the lobby and hotel common area.  It is the first hotel I have ever stayed in with a bustling community area.  Usually the business centers and common areas are dormant and bland, but this one had people working and interacting.  A club-like feel to it and a 12-course meal for the senses with floor to ceiling shelves containing unique statues, trinkets, books, etc...and look closely at the oversize Michael Jordan picture.  3.
bubble_50	Nice room with a non-standard layout but all the amenities that I needed. The bed was faboulous, especially the view and the quality of the bed. Never had any backpains (and I do have that a lot in other hotels). I loved the rooftop bar. Superb views and designer cocktails.
bubble_40	This is a beautiful place to stay in Lower Manhattan.  The staff was great and very welcoming.  It is centrally located near subway stations, SOHO, and Little Italy. Although the room was small, which is pretty typical in NY, the bed was amazingly comfortable and the views were spectacular. Liked the easy online check n and check out process.  Will definitely return the next time we are in town.
bubble_50	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay here and will always seek out this hotel first in other cities. Its NY so noise was unavoidable which made the noise while sleeping less than pleasant. Otherwise everything else- top-notch!
bubble_50	This was a great choice. Very well located with just a small walk to Broadway. Great restaurant all around. Must try Vandal and Beauty and Essex.  No complaints. Ok room was tight but you get used to it.
bubble_50	I will definitely be staying here again. the views and the room were amazing, the shower was awesome and the staff was perfect. i will always recommend this place to everyone traveling to new york city
bubble_50	Having never stayed in downtown Manhattan before, this location is just perfect and the hotel delivers on its value proposition. Beds are super comfy and we didn't need a large room as most of the daytime was spent exploring. The rooftop bar offers fabulous views, but unfortunately is only available from 4pm... would have loved to go up for a morning coffee or lunchtime beer in the sun.
bubble_50	Cool hotel. Great location. Cool bar with amazing city views. Easy check in/out Was there just after Opening and now again after 6 month. Very nice staff and quick elevators. Coffee bar at check in desk very suitable
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel if youre into trendy chic minimalist! Have never spent so much time in a hotel lounge - this one is just filled with so much to appreciate and is so comfortable. The rooms are tiny but they have all I need for a hotel room. The only thing I would invest in is better double glazing, on the 14th floor I could hear NYC hectic traffic and roadworks.
bubble_50	Ive been to NYC many times, more recently, booking via Airbnb. Im so glad I decided to stay at CitizenM this time around. The design of the rooms, the views and the staff - especially, the manager John (such a pro ), provided a comfortable, inspiring and welcoming backdrop to what was an excellent business/personal trip. I cant imagine staying anywhere else, when visiting this city. This hotel is ideal for solo trips because the staff - without exception, are so friendly and generously spirited. Thank you so much. I loved it.   TIP. If possible, ask for a west facing room, on the upper floors, for the best views of the NYC skyline. Also, definitely pop upstairs and have a drink in the rooftop bar. Its gorgeous!
bubble_40	Check in was easy with super friendly staff. Not the nicest neighborhood in NY but didn't have any problems. Room and bathroom super clean but room very small yet functional. Great rooftop bar and the bar on the lower level looked interesting too. Bed very comfortable but opted to sleep on the edge rather than at the window  which felt weird.  I liked this hotel but it was the most expensive hotel I have ever stayed in in NYC which did not seem right. I have stayed in Sheraton's and Marriott's for a lot less.
bubble_50	I had a very good time at CitizenM New York Bowery. They have super fast internet for free comfortable beeds and you can control everything in your room with a IPad. There is free water in the minibar and a very cool rooftopbar. The only thing that wasnt great was the cleanliness of the room.
bubble_40	Is worth the stay there if you like a clean and new hotel. The place is good with younger crowd and the only thing is room is small but everything is awesome. Next to Bowery Station, just round the corner in less than 1 min! Also close to other nearby stations..
bubble_40	Perfect hotel in the wrong neighbourhood. The hotel was beautiful at the inside but when you go outside at night, we didnt feel very safe. Liked the breakfast and the friendly service. Everybody was very helpfull.
bubble_50	Good location. CLose to Subway. CLose to the city. Good view from the room. Good view from the rooftop. Really Comfortable bed. We love the Smart room We love everything . Insuggest for everyone this hotel.
bubble_50	Immediately felt at home in this great hotel. The ambiance in the lobby, canteenM, rooftop bar, room was incredible. The room's clever gadgets make up for the small room size in many ways. The bed was very comfortable and the view priceless. Location is a plus as well: close to Soho & subway. In short: stay here on your next stay. Only risk: you might not want to leave the hotel and see NY....
bubble_40	The area is great, stuff is friendly, the bars are amazing. The only thing we didnt like was the room size. Everything else was just perfect. Thank you for great Bowery experience.  We enjoyed our stay with you.
bubble_50	Great new hotel with amazing rooftop and relaxed, cool atmosphere. Loved the street art museum and the location close to Soho. Rooms are as always clean and with everything you need in place and technology that makes everything easy. If anything there could be better connected with the Metro.
bubble_50	This hotel has it all. I loved the rooftop bar as well as the comfy living room and breakfast area. Few hotels have amazing public spaces, but CitizenM nails it. The smart room was also comfy and the temperature was just right. Would definitely recommend.
bubble_40	We visited the roof bar at the Citizen M recently and watched the sun set over Manhattan.  Such excellent view of both Midtown and Downtown NYC and perfect way to see the bright lights in a nice drink.  The bar itself is nicely decorated and the toilets are very cool.   However, the waiting staff were very slow.
bubble_50	Cool and modern lobby and room.  Perfectly located in bowery.  Very friendly staff. Cool rooftop bar with great view. Easy to use smart home handling. Good opportunities for breakfast, dinner and shopping around the corner.  Different subway stations are nearby.
bubble_50	Great place to stay! Comfortable bed great shower and perfect location. The Technology in ther room is Great as well. Super clean. Helpful and friendly staff.  Amazing view with great cocktails at the rooftop bar.
bubble_50	A couple of minutes after we arrived, we were making ourselves at home in our bijou but super-comfortable room for two. We soon realised that all of the staff were helpful and friendly, and there was no sniffiness about any of our requests during the trip, which made us feel at home. We also appreciated the safety measures once we understood them. The lifts operate only with the key pass for your room, and that means no strangers wandering about upstairs. We also had a safe for our valuables, which was easy to operate. The room and all public areas are very clean, cheerful and well-maintained. The cleaning staff do a great job. Citizen M is an incredibly well considered and hospitable place to visit. We would definitely return, and would recommend to our friends.
bubble_50	This area of the Lower East Side was once home to masses of immigrants in crowded tenements. Rough life on the streets but with a sense of community. These days, the new immigrants are art galleries and the burgeoning condos moving in from all directions. CitizenM Bowery seems to be sailing in on that new crest, but with a difference. The rooms are all the same small size (not easy for large people or the less than agile to move about in) and very hi-tech (don't accidentally sneeze on the room's sensitive iPad controller and ignite the bright room lights at 3 am). Their prices are reasonable for New York City, the cocktail bar has excellent panoramic views, and the self-service breakfasts are expensive but very tasty. Make sure you visit the Tenement Museum around the corner on
bubble_40	I love the CitizenM product as you get exactly what you expect and not at a hefty cost.   The location is amazing as was only 15 minutes from my office.   Rooms are compact but exceptionally well thought out. Power showers. Evian water and a huge big bed as well as great views.   Bar and communal work space is well priced and a nice place to relax.   I was on the 14th floor. This hotel is new, so not sure why they didnt sound proof it. Maybe stay on the east side as it could be quieter. But I was woken up every few hours by sirens are car horns.   Shame as I love it but I love my sleep more.
bubble_50	We had a lovely stay at CitizenM - a top class tech hotel placed in beautiful Soho.  Book this if you want a modern stay in one of NY's hippiest neighborhoods with great restaurants and shopping just a minute away.
bubble_50	Overall great! The only thing is i feel like the maximum room temperature is still pretty cold for me. If the hotel can have a hotter temperature for easy to cold people will be awesome. I like the lobby, the service and especially cleaning staff.
bubble_40	Good location, new, clean. Rooms are small but layout, white color and big windows give it a nice feel. Nice design and decoration in restaurant and lobby. Would stau again and recommend.  Only point: not for elderly people as bed is accessed from only one side.
bubble_40	There was this one rude bartender.  The manager told us they are still in training.  We feel there is no need to train a service person to smile.  As guests, we both worked in the service industry before, so we feel it was no acceptable for the bartender to be rude.  Other workers were nice in the hotel.  The girls at the front desk are helpful.  There were no in-room coffee/tea.  We wish the breakfast could be more affordable, then again, it's lower Manhattan price.  We might head back when the bartenders are more friendly and coffee/tea in the room.
bubble_50	Were just on our way home after a fab 4 night stay at the CitizenM Bowery. Such a great quirky boutique hotel. Ignore any negative reviews about room size...yes the rooms are small but they are well designed and perfectly adequate for 2 people. The rooms are a spotlessly clean with some nice little touches like a travel adapter and a proper full size hairdryer! The staff were super friendly, always smiling and always went out of their way to help. Location-wise the hotel is perfectly situated between Uptown and Downtown and within walking distance of the World Trade Centre, Brooklyn Bridge and Empire State Building. If you dont fancy walking, the nearest subway is just a few metres from the hotels front door. If youre staying in the hotel you must pay a visit to the CloudM
bubble_50	Fantastic for one but probably a tad tight for 2 people. I was alone and loved everything about the hotel. The ambiance was wonderful and the roof top bar is amazing. Enjoyed my stay very much and would do so again without any hesitation.
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel, with great staff.  This was my first time to the US, so was keen to have a good experience. I was not disappointed. After a long flight and a long subway ride, it was short walk to the hotel.  We was greeted by great staff and good assistance as well as information about the local area. We were assisted with our bags to our room.   The room was an ok size, but it was good, the room is controlled by an ipad mini which after a few mins was a doodle to work tv, lights, blinds etc.   Bathroom was ok, quite close to the bed, but overall I was happy with the room. It was very clean, and cleaned every day.  Location was great as we had easy access to Manhattan, Times sq. As well as local places such as Soho, and the great food places they had to offer.   Breakfast was
bubble_50	We booked this hotel for our last day in New York which was also our anniversary. It exceeded our expectations. Staff is extremely friendly, hotel is very modern and the view from the rooftop bar and our room was amazing!
bubble_50	Great room, love the bed, the tech, the rainforest shower and the big window. We were on a high floor and it was very quiet. The rooftop bar has stunning views and the area is full of eateries and quirky shops. The subway is just round the corner. We loved it.
bubble_10	Grocery store self check out, airline passenger check in. No front desk, no receptionist. Simply such your info into the computer and hope you make a room key for yourself, oh and do not get paid for doing the hotel's job. So your first experience is being turned into a slave. The room has the bed a against 3 walls, with acmes to the bed only one side of the bed, so if you have a sleeping partner they have to crawl over you to use the restroom or get anything out of the luggage or charge a phone, you get the idea Everything is supposed to work from a supplied iPad. Did not work. iPad did work to control anything. Not the lights, not the TV, not the climate controls. Had to unplug the TV form he wall to simply turn it off. The shower head dripped water and made showering
bubble_50	Amazing experience! It sparked my imagination and nursed my senses. If you stop by the rooftop go to the bathroom and look at the horizon   Just one employee at the rooftop try to tarnish our experience because he was extremely rude but he cant
bubble_50	From check-in to check-out we felt taken care of and welcomed. The coffee shop is great for quick breakfasts, the rooftop bar has an amazing view and great drinks and the canteen serves great tasting food.   The only negative thing is the traffic outside, there is a LOT of cars honking at night.
bubble_50	No-fuss efficient room. Everything you need for a NYC visit. Some glitches with the tech and it was fixed quickly. Perfect for a couple's weekend getaway. You can't get any better for the price in NYC.
bubble_50	This hotel is a folk art and street art museum! The rooms are so clean and well appointed for small rooms. The gathering areas are great, so you didn't need extra space in your room. The rooftop lounge has a spectacular view and is very beautiful. Be sure to go down the 19 floors of the stairwell to see the street art museum. The staff was gracious, friendly and very hip. This will be my go to hotel in NYC from now on.
bubble_50	What a great hotel! Biggest plus: the huge bed against the same sized window. One of the best hotelbeds Ive ever slept in, with an amazing view over NYC. Also, youll find the CitizenM style/brand in every detail. Love that. Nice extra: you can control everything (blinds, light, media etc.) with the iPad in your room. And my room was very clean, thats important too.   The room is small, but youve got everything you need here. And since youre in NYC youll be out every hour of the day. Although its s good to relax in your room here. Enjoy the view while you lay down or watch the latest movies.  The lobby is fantastic. A very nice place to sit down, have a drink and breakfast. Starting a conversation with other guests (or people who come here to work) is the easiest thing.
bubble_40	We love this cute hotel! The amenities, the art, and the convenient location were perfect for my college daughters spring break! Unfortunately our shower had a leak spreading into the tiny hallway. It was being repaired within the same hour after we called to report the leak, but we had to wait for the caulking to dry before we could take a shower. Would have been nice for the hotel to offer alternative room or some coiffed while we wait, since there was no coffee maker in the room and I had to go down to the bar for a warm drink. If you are a minimalist and dont mind a small space, I would recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	Brand new hotel--super clean--great location for East Village or Wall Street. Rooms are small but efficiently designed. Staff was friendly and helpful. The lounge area quiet and conducive to study and reading.
bubble_50	This hotel is for art loves, even the approach to the Citizen M you feel like you are in the lower east side of New York, a giant graffiti wall and pop art lead you to the easy electronic check in. The lobby has a great place to work or relax with enough art to see for everyone. The Citizen M  cant stop wont stop with the art lining its 20 floor stairwell is line by graffiti artist each with a different unique style.   The rooms are New York sized (small) but full of luxury. The iPad controls the smart room, from lights in the shower, the blinds, to the free current movies, and adult feature that dont show up on your bill.   The views of the city are spectacular as well as guests have access to the rooftop bar after 4pm.
bubble_50	First time in the neighborhood and tried this hotel.  The M is for Mobile, designed with frequent travelers in mind.    Everything immaculately clean, carefully curated, all the staff seems genuinely excited to work there and it shows.  Clientele is fun, chill, interesting.  Common areas were great to work or people watch.  Color and artwork everywhere.
bubble_50	Amazing atmosphere, music, views and great drinks biggest plus is the staff couldnt be any cooler, nice conversation and non pretentious. Definitely recommend and will be staying here future visits to NY!
bubble_50	I just stayed for three nights at the CitizenM in the Bowery and was very impressed. The rooms are small, yes, but not much different than many hotel rooms in NYC, and space is very intelligently used. Cleanliness was exceptional, and the staff was amazing. Shout out to Lori at the bar, who was both very friendly and very cool. Extra touches like the two included in-room water bottles per day were much appreciated. Id definitely be happy to stay here again!
bubble_50	Clean, great design throughout, friendly staff always helpful and cheerful, amazing bed!  I would definitely stay at NYC Bowery hotel again, the rooftop bar had stunning views and the lounge downstairs was perfect to relax in after a long day. Our room on the 15th floor had amazing views, and was always kept super clean by the staff there. Location was perfect for the subway and some great restaurants near by. Couldn't have asked for a better experience in NYC!
bubble_50	Everything about CitizenM Bowery makes you feel at home. Great rooms, very helpful and welcoming staff and the decor is out of this world. If you enjoy art, you will fall in love with the hotel. Dont miss the CloudM experience!
bubble_50	Great hotel great location, cool, clean.  Awesome!  Loved the gym, friendly staff, close to everything that we wanted , affordable luxury!  Will definitely reccomend and will definitely stay here again!!
bubble_50	Our experience at the CitizenM was nothing short of amazing. The combination of Artificial Intelligence and Human touch well blended at check in gave me a feeling like no other. It was quick and warm at the same time. Techy room yet comfortable and homelike. Decor in the lounges and the rooftop bar are amazing. Cant wait for my next stay so I can visit their museum.
bubble_50	I was for business but my mother joined me. Unfortunately I got a flu so was not able to do much. We spent a lot of time in the lounge area and the canteen and the staff really made our stay a very nice one, even if I was not at my best. Thank you!
bubble_50	Really lovely hotel, very clean with great shower and comfy bed! Loved the cool vibe. Round the corner from subway station and Restaurants of Little Italy are 2 minutes walk away. Cloud M on 20th floor had amazing view
bubble_50	Where you land in a city can change your perspective on a city and people. I always started from checking out AirBNB but ended in hotels. Hotels are usually more convenient and easy accessible, but not every hotel of course. But CitizenM is a place beyond my expectation! Not only the interior design and iPad control room offered modern environment, but also the people and the concept of being the M citizen put a smile on your face. Almost every guest became friendly to each,  as if we are all friends, or coworkers from large companies that we don't usually meet. This hotel is not just about space and service, but a community.
bubble_50	Great hotel experience. Super comfy bed, 24hr dining, great coffee, staff, amazing rooftop bar. Lots of cool artwork too. Modern and tech savvy feels like what a 21st century hotel should feel like. Look forward to staying again.
bubble_50	Stayed here only one night to enjoy a date night in the city and brunch the next day.  I was worried the room would be too small but it was perfect and such a cool place to stay. I would stay here again in a heart beat. The bed was comfortable and it was very clean especially for the Bowery area.
bubble_50	In town for a family event for just the weekend.  The citizenM experience added to the celebration! We really enjoyed the Cloud and the Living Room.  The staff was very attentive and really seemed to enjoy their work.
bubble_50	Wed stayed in a CitizenM in London so thought wed give this a go. It was even better. Friendly helpful staff, a wonderful rooftop bar, great canteen area and still love all the little touches . Nice feature here is that theyve hired street artists to decorate the stairwell (MoSA)
bubble_50	As soon as we entered the lobby, I loved the speedy check-in process as well as the eclectic dcor.  The room was very clean and all the technology was controlled by a tablet which was a cool concept.  The bed was comfy and the black out blinds allowed for a good night's sleep.  We took full advantage of the roof top bar.  It provided incredible views of the city and delicious cocktails.  The lobby "living room" area was also a nice space to hang out as well.  All the staff was really friendly and helpful.  I also enjoyed the location since it was nestled right next to Little Italy.  Looking forward to staying here again next time I'm in NYC!
bubble_50	Lots of great ART, places to work and hang out, very comfortable bed and amazing staff. The room are smaller which is nice, they have everything you need and more. The common areas; Living room and sky bar are conformable and enjoyable spaces. The view from the Sky Bar is a must see. Oh did I mention the 100's of art pieces to enjoy as well.
bubble_40	The concept of this hotel is self serve and not a lot of frills but design and location are great and people were friendly. If you know thats what youre going to get, then youll really enjoy this hotel. The only reason I didnt give it 5 was because its not a full service hotel. For what I needed in New York (a place to sleep with a comfortable bed, cool design, and near SoHo), it was perfect.   I was really skeptical of this hotel at first. The size of the rooms looked cruise ship sized and I wondered if amenities would be cheap. I stayed here and my friend stayed at the same time in another room.   I ended up getting the wheelchair accessible room so was given more space. Unlike my friends room, I had a couch. The bathroom was much bigger than his as well but not as
bubble_20	No in room coffee or tea, the shower water was cold and no shower pressure, the SINK is TINY, i feel like they focus too much on the 'art deco' of the hotel vs. than the practical amenities a traveler needs.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel. Great design and art inside. Close to great shops and restaurants. Staff was super friendly and helpful at all times. The skybar and roof terrace are amazing. Will most definitely return to this hotel!
bubble_50	Love CitizenM hotels in general and the Bowery one in particular. I got a room on the 14th floor with a room towards the freedom tower and the sunset was amazing on that side. I love the concept with the beds in the windows... I could just lay watch the skyline every evening.  The rooms are small but very modern and "fun" with the Ipad control etc. The common areas are really awesome and there's a nice mix of Digital nomads and business people. All in all this is one of my top 3 hotels in NYC.
bubble_50	If you've been to a hotel in Europe you've experienced the size of the room. BUT not the comfort or fun atmosphere of this room. Highly recommend if you want an amazing view and great sleep.  Shower is fantastic. Brand new movies to watch! If you're trying to impress someone this is also it.
bubble_50	CitizenM Bowery has quickly become one of our favorite hotels. From the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out, our experience was nothing short of amazing. The hotel is luxurious, but not pretentious, the artwork and decor was creatively inspiring and stimulating  but not gaudy and overwhelming, and the location, the service and the tech was perfect!
bubble_20	Technology was more of a hinderance than a help. We had several problems. iPad room control has a terrible user interface. It needed constant resetting. The staff tried to be helpful, but frequently they were guessing at answers to our questions.
bubble_50	Super cool place. Wonderful lobby, couldn't be any easier to check in/out. Everyone was really friendly and helpful.  Rooms are small, really small, but the modular design winds up being hugely functional, no more than you need but no less, either. Who really needs to be able to walk around the bed?  (One bit of forewarning, the toilet is basically in the shower.)
bubble_50	Everything and everyone at CitizenM was great. The rooms were cool and clean, the bar and canteen was great, and the staff couldn't have been nicer. I will absolutely return to this hotel and would strongly recommend it to friends.
bubble_50	CitizenM Bowery is a MUST when you visit New York. The XXL beds, 360 city views, and of course - the incredible staff make my stay every time SO exceptional.   The drinks are great both in CloudM and in the Living Room. The hotel is clean, the staff is very friendly, and the hotel itself has such a great vibe. I always feel welcomed and relaxed when I walk into a CitizenM property.   Bree, Erick, Jose, Armando, Melissa, and the rest of the team - and I mean the entire team (even those not mentioned) - are so incredible. They are always willing to help and have a smile on their faces.   I was continue to call CitizenM my "Home Away from Home - Just with a comfier bed"
bubble_50	We LOVED this hotel! The location is perfect for folks more familiar with the city. We explored NoLita, Chinatown, SoHo and the Lower East Side. There's a subway stop around the corner, but we walked most places. There are great restaurants and art galleries nearby. (Please note - this is not a touristy area. If that's your jam, opt for the CItizenM in Times Square.)  The staff were really friendly and helpful, too! We were on our baby moon, and everyone was so kind and accommodating. The views from the room and the rooftop were spectacular, and the bed is super comfy! My husband loved the hi-tech room amenities, too. You control everything from an iPad (even the lights and the blinds!). We'll definitely be back to this hotel!
bubble_50	We loved our stay at the CitizenM Bowery. The rooms were minimalistic in design, but had everything you might want plus more! Using an iPad to control the TV, lights, room temperature, and blinds was a huge plus. They also had really current movies to stream for free (I think you could watch 2 free movies per day). All the amenities and staff were exceptional. Would definitely recommend!!
bubble_50	Great location in Lower ES and very nice staff.  They have a new modern concept which will be new to older people (I am 64), but it works very well.  The staff is friendly, professional and helpful.  Perfect stay.
bubble_50	Extraordinarily well designed tiny room. Everything in it works and is first rate.  I didnt mind the lack of space, in a way, I liked it.  LOCATION is excellent, on the edge of Chinatown and great Sooho shops and restaurants.  Easy to get a cab, without gettin g tied up in mid-town traffic.
bubble_50	This place is exceptional! So beautiful! I love the rooms and how technologically advanced they are! It was like living in the future! Everything about this hotel is wonderful: the location, the staff, the room!
bubble_50	The room was small, but perfect. Superb decor, artwork and furniture. The location is great, everywhere downtown is easily walkable. I was there with my 11 year old son for 7 nights,  we loved it. Will definitely seek out their other hotels when travelling. Wholeheartedly recommended.
bubble_50	Very clean. Beautiful hotel, friendly staff We only stayed 1 night but would definitely stay here again. The bed was so comfortable. The breakfast was just so so but its New York there are a lot of choices to get food.
bubble_50	This is a terrific hotel.  Rooms are small but super comfortable and perfect for a visit or business trip.  Such great lounging spaces in the hotel living room, canteen and roof top bar.  Staff really make you feel like they are glad that you are there!!!
bubble_50	I loved every minute off it - want to go straight back...can I buy a room? It made our stay in NYC amazing and memorable. The room, the breakfast, the living room, the the top bar, the gym, the internet..and friendly people. New York shall thank Citizen M for adding this value to the city!
bubble_50	CitizenM Bowery is located super central. In the middle of Lower East Side on Bowery. 1 minute walk to Prince street and from there you are in Soho in a minute. Very easy to go uptown and to Brooklyn from here as well. The hotel itself very modern, lots of art. And good lay-out of the room.
bubble_40	Everyone loves New York City and theres no shortage of hotels. However they are becoming increasingly dated. You can feel the years when you walk into most rooms. CitizenM has honestly changed the format. The rooms are very clean, new, and feel fresh. They almost all (if not all) have a view of something other than the walls of the hotel next door. The hotel is situated in a vibrant, safe, and easily accessible neighborhood. Its a modern hotel for a new experience. No question the rooms tend to be smaller. But, I never planned on spending all my time in a bedroom watching TV, so a smaller room is fine with me. Frank Lloyd Wright would agree :) Great for singles and couples. Might be a little cramped for more.
bubble_50	Next time we are in NY we will look here first. The cleanest room, and hotel Ive ever been in. Small, yes, but not too small and very conducive to relaxing and sleeping. Plus brimming with technology and functionality. Hang out in the lounge or rooftop bar for more atmosphere. They will not disappoint. Fairly priced (no hidden fees or rediculous resort fees). I actually felt like I got what I paid for. Friendly staff who clearly enjoy working there. I highly recommend staying at CitizenM.
bubble_50	My husband & I love this hotel. The room was spotless and quiet, the bed so comfy. We loved the view, as we were nestled in the window. Rooftop bar is amazing for drinks with friends. Location was great for downtown exploring.
bubble_50	Loved this hotel. I was on business and felt right at home. It helps that I have several of the chairs and lamps they have! Ambassador Lori was awesome! Met her in the living room, she remembered my name the next day all very cool!
bubble_20	Soundproofing not existent, you can hear every single foot step from the floor  above and from the rooms on the side. Very very bad, kept us awake all night. Impossible to sleep. Will never go back, very disappointing.
bubble_50	Excellent location - being within 2-5 minutes walk of tube stations (J-Z, B-D, 6) that will take you pretty much anywhere you'd need to go as a tourist. Clean rooms, great bar upstairs and eatery downstairs. Bed super comfy. Amazing view from window!
bubble_50	CitizenM is a great hotel honestly. The entire experience is awesome, from the look of the outside, to the lobby, to the displays and artwork, everything is just so welcoming and beautiful. They let you take almost everything in the room home with you; from the in-room pen, to the doll on the bed and notebook, they are all literally labeled with signs encouraging you to take them home. The lobby has a carpet that basically points to all that is great about New York, listing the attractions and it is just so clever. Other than that, the bed is super comfy, although I would have liked them to have more space in the room. It was not that spacious. The tablet is perfect for controlling everything in room, literally EVERYTHING. From the lights, to the blinds, to the windows, to the
bubble_50	Loved it, very clean and modern, I loved how the room was all white and everything was digital, the view from our room was amazing as well, I would definitely reccomend this to anyone looking for a cost effeicient hotel,
bubble_50	Super easy check in, clean rooms, great bar upstairs and eatery downstairs.  Bed super comfy.  A lot to do close by.  Amazing view from window!!  Only thing I would change is the water pressure in the shower...needs to be stronger.  other than that had a fantastic stay with family ad friends.
bubble_40	The room was a tight squeeze for 2 adults, only about 150 sf of space.  We wouldnt want to spend more than 2 nights here because we were tripping over each other. That being said, the bed was comfortable, the room was clean and quiet, the shower was great and the bath products were nice.   They also provided complimentary bottles of water, free WiFi and your room controls are operated by provided iPad. We paid additional $19 each for buffet breakfast which was satisfactory   This hotel has 2 very nice ample common spaces with a bar.  The spaces, as they are very well appointed, resemble more of a modern art museum than a hotel. The downstairs one operates 24/7 and the rooftop opens at 4 pm.  The rooftop bar offers spectacular vistas, with floor-to-ceiling views of the city.
bubble_30	Liked the vibe, staff and rooms.  Didn't love location, poor fitness center, and terrible bar service. Comfortable beds and liked not having carpeting in room. Went to rooftop bar in evening - beautiful venue with great views but ONE slow, inexperienced bartender serving a large lounge with over 50 patrons. Took us over 25 minutes to get our drinks and that was after asking repeatedly asking waiter.
bubble_50	All of the latest technology in rooms... I didn't feel like I was being nickel and dimed... Great Value. Friendly ambassadors and staff (not fake feeling) The only knock would be the iron/steam room. For a business trip, it would be nice to have an optional iron, but that was a small issue and I will stay there again on my next vacation visit.
bubble_40	Super cute hotel.  Great for solo travelers or quick stays.  Awesome art and fun common areas.  Bartenders & front desk Staff get juggled around which in theory is cool....but it translates to masters of none.   As sweet as they all are, none are masters of either so both experiences are slow (although nice people).  -NOTE: if you are going to feature fancy drinks, make sure its a seasoned mixologist (not front desk person).
bubble_10	Beautiful bar, fantastic views... But wow, the service is just horrible. There were only about 16-20 people in bar with 4 workers and we sat and waited 28 minutes for two drinks. One wine, one gin and soda. They were more worried about talking to each other then making drinks... now I was a bartender for 15 years and owned a restaurant bar and Ive never seen such neglect. We were the only 2 people sitting at the bar right in front of them which makes it worse. 3 times they were friendly saying Ill get those drinks in a minute, well 28 minutes later they kept their word.
bubble_40	I was in town on business and brought my husband. The room is perfect for one, but we were not able to feel comfortable with both of us in the room...too small. The team working there was fantastic and we loved CloudM. Weird smell in our room seemed to come from the water. Great shower! (Very important). Rooms are clean and the size of a small cruise ship room, but has the basics covered.
bubble_50	...all rooms in NYC hotels are claustrophobic, but M redefined confined quarters into luxury experience.  Although small, the rooms are technologically superb. The investment was made into the super cozy living room and impressive loft bar.
bubble_50	Similar to other Citizen M hotels but more art - check out the Street Art all the way down the stairs from the rooftop bar to the lobby.   Comfy, clean and friendly.  Great bar on the top floor to watch the sunset from - down to Lower Manhattan, over the bridges and up to the Empire State building. Good location for Chinatown, Soho, Little Italy - and further afield if you enjoy walking.  If not, 2 subway stations very close.
bubble_40	New hotel in a great location close to Soho. Having stayed at Citizen M in Paris recently, I can say that this hotel is very similar to the one in Paris. Love all the attention to details.  Very nice sky bar though prices are a bit high - as expected. Very cool breakfast/lounge area also.  Would definitely go back.
bubble_50	I went into the city to enjoy my birthday and I will say that this hotel made my birthday experience great. I did expect the room to be small but it was a smart room and great space efficiency. I'm huge on location, finding the right place for pictures and comfort. Can I say they exceeded my expectation on every aspect. My view was awesome and the lobby and lounge were perfect for pictures and just have a cool experience. Also, location, location, location!! The hotel is in the middle of everything that you want a low cost but luxury feel. Thank you again! will be staying again!
bubble_50	The brand new CitizenM on the Bowery in NYC's Lower East side is pretty much like all other CitizenM hotels, with small high-tech rooms, and very comfortable beds. Excellent value for money, especially in this part of town. Also loved the lounge and the rooftop bar - which has some of the best views in town. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	Fantastic night spent at CitizenM Bowery. For the money I don't know if it can be beat, luxury feel in a small and affordable package. Excellent and helpful staff, would absolutely stay here again. One thing I would suggest is maybe having a valet parking service available on site? Not sure how many people would be looking for that. There are two garages nearby but I certainly would have paid a couple bucks extra for avoiding the few block chilly walk.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel for my birthday weekend and I was not disappointed in any way. The hotel itself is gorgeous, lots of cool art decorating almost every surface. The staff were always friendly, the common space downstairs was comfortable and spacious. The rooftop bar would rival any regular bar in any city. The smart room was easy to control using the iPad mini and the view of the city was breathtaking. Would definitely recommend and return.
bubble_40	Our stay at the CitizenM Hotel in Bowery was great. It is perfectly situated in the heart of the lower east side where everything is walkable. If your new to the city and your looking for a the must see tourist attractions you might still have to cab it or use public transportation. But if you're more of a foodie looking for some fun food excursions and nice instashots then this is your place. My husband and I stayed here quite comfortably. The rooms are clean, up to date with some fun amenities like mood lighting but as advertised they are a bit small (calculated but small) so if theres more than 2 of you, it will be a bit tight. Do: Take advantage of all the shared spaces available like "the living room" and "the rooftop" great views all around and the living room is very
bubble_50	awesome property.  MOSA (5 Pointz Artists installation) is worth a running of the stairs and CloudM roof bar has the best view in Manhattan.  Great experience in a great location.  Best part are the fantastic people.  Check it out!
bubble_50	I have come to this part of New York a few times - and finally have a hotel to come back to My visit was just one night with a late arrival and early start - so no time to check out the rooftop bar unfortunately. Room is modern, well designed so a great use of space. Bed was large and comfortable. Shower was great. Climate control worked...and silently Staff were also very helpful and its all high tech which is fun So, Ill be back and would recommend
bubble_50	I could not recommend this hotel highly enough, nicest Ive ever stopped in . From the moment you arrive you feel the hotels character and uniqueness. The rooms are all identical and ultra modern, rooms are totally controlled by a smart device you can close blinds alter lighting temperature everything. The staff are highly motivated police helpful and when you stay here You really feel part of a unique club. Id stay here again and I want to try some of their other locations. Im a citizen now
bubble_40	This hotel is great, small rooms but perfectly designed so that you have everything you need.The location of this hotel is amazing, literally a minute from tube station and within 30mins walk of some great landmarks.   Stayed at the TimeSq CitizenM 18 months ago and I found that the staff there felt more genuinely welcoming than here, when we visited the roof top bar at this hotel, despite it not being busy we were asked to move seats so we were sat next to each other instead of opposite, didnt mind this until at breakfast time business people are sat spread out in the downstairs area on tables for 4 for long periods of time leaving no tables of 4 for my group and I mean pretty much every table of 4 is taken up with single people on laptops with their bags and belongings on the
bubble_50	Great, location, close to all the coolest neighboroods, beautiful rooms, be sure to ask for a upper level to enjoy the view! And amazing rooftop with great terrace and nice bar with friendly people. Will come back :-)
bubble_50	Came for a short 2 day business trip. Had an exceptional experience.  Room was excellent. Quiet, comfy bed, great shower, clean. The cafe on the lower level had a nice vibe and I enjoyed sitting on the amphitheater style steps.  Very airy and bright.  Also checked out the rooftop deck in the evening. Views were fantastic.  It felt like I was on a set for Sex in the City, listening to Jazz and having cocktails.  There is a reason why this hotel is so highly rated.  And the price was excellent.
bubble_50	I loved everything about this place from the warm friendly people who checked me in to the rooms.  The room had the basic essentials that I need for my stay at a very reasonable for Manhattan.  I would highly recommend this pace to anyone visiting New York
bubble_50	I stayed at the CitizenM for a birthday trip with my girlfriend.  We had the most amazing time.  The staff were accommodating, friendly, and attentive.  The room was clean and FULL of amenities (Though not an issue for us, there were some less-than-child friendly options on the iPad (Easily hidden with a PIN#).  The rooftop has the most beautiful and modern bar, I would certainly push a visit to the 21st floor!
bubble_50	Your hotel was a pleasure to stay in, though I couldn't shake the feeling that I was temporarily living in a cyberpunk sex dungeon. Theres a fairly recent Netflix show called altered carbon... thats how I felt at CitizenM New York Bowery.
bubble_50	Although this isn't my first time in NYC, it was my first time staying in the city. The hotel was amazing. From the moment you check in, you are greeted by friendly staff. The room was swanky. Although the room was on the smaller side, the tech amenities made up for it all. I would definitely return.
bubble_50	Fabulous hotel, the comfiest bed ever, great location and super affordable.  I will be staying here all the time when I'm in NYC.  The hotel is very cool and trendy designer as well, with a great bar/lounge area for drinking and working if you must!
bubble_50	Funny thing is we cut short our stay at another hotel because the room was so small and sad. Our room at citizenM was definitely smaller but felt so much larger and was definitely a happy space! We really enjoyed the hotel and felt comfortable both in our room and in the lobby and lounge and fabulous roof top bar. Every staff member we met was professional, friendly, interesting and interested in us.
bubble_50	This place was fantastic the second we found it online. Very good rates and easy to understand website with the ability to check-in online. Once we arrived we were in our room within minutes. The room is super clean and has everything you need for a comfortable stay. The staff is very friendly and is constantly checking in to make sure your stay is going well.  The CloudM bar is an awesome place to start and end the night with amazing NYC skyline views. Also, the coffee bar is amazing no need to leave the hotel to get good coffee elsewhere. We will stay here again and again.
bubble_50	This hotel exceeded our expectations. The bed was super comfortable and the free movies were fairly new ones. Great experience overall. I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is more couples oriented though.
bubble_50	there is nothing else for me to add on of the best hotel I ever been in with the most affordable pricing and comfort I can do it again for a longer stay had the most relaxing time best night of my life did I say affordable
bubble_50	Great stay as always. The entire hotel is designed with every detail and guest experience in mind. The rooms give you a full NYC luxury experience, without being pretentious or overwhelming. Staff are all very helpful, and seem to enjoy there jobs, while adding value to the hotel. Be sure to grab a drink on the roof!
bubble_50	Amazing stay, in the heart of Chinatown/Bowery. I'm going to give props to Michael Angelo who was a standout staffer. The beds are soooo comfy and positioned for ultimate skyline viewing. I loved the cafe and the sky lounge is a plus.
bubble_50	After staying for a weekend at the CitizenM in the Bowery, I can definitely say I'll be back. The rooms might be a bit small by some standards, but they way they are laid out helps to fix any sense of it being cramped.   The rooms were clean, well designed and even featured a tablet that helps you control every aspect of it (from lighting, heating, blinds, TV, etc.). The staff were super helpful and the hotel itself was great.
bubble_50	Location The hotel is located literally across the road from J subway stop - Bowery. This gives direct access to Jamaica to connect to JFK air train (about 20+ stops and takes around 40 min). Also on line with a few stops is hip Williamsburg. Otherwise 15minutes walking distance to say 2nd Ave where all the cool bars, boutique shops are. Immediate area is China town.  Room The room on 15th floor right next to window with great view & is a very nice product. Slightly better than Citizen M in AMS airport. More spacious with separate toilet & shower room, plus sink, small fridge (with x2 comp Evian waters) in main room. Huge very comfy bed right next to huge windows with view. Electronic black out blinds to maximize rest.  Faces large TV - all this, blinds, lights & temperature
bubble_50	Okey, if you're unfamiliar with CitizenM hotels, check out their website. The rooms are smaller than you'd expect from a regular 4-star hotel, but this isn't a regular 4-star hotel. And, the rooms are big enough for two people with lots (!) of luggage, as long as you keep it tidy.  Now, to the actual review!  The hotel is located in the tallest building in the area, making for a striking view. When checking in, we could choose which side of the hotel we wanted our room to be in; we chose the western side, so that the One World Trade Center was what we woke up to every day. Magnificent!  The housekeeping staff did a great job, the room was spotless, and soap and other bathroom amenities were always fully stocked.  Not only the housekeeping did a great job, all of the staff were
bubble_40	Great hotel, really friendly & helpful staff, rooms are really cool and compact! Everything in the room controlled by the iPad which kept me amused....  One negative... I didnt feel comfortable walking back to the hotel through Bowery on my own!
bubble_50	I can't praise this hotel, it's design, vibe, location, and in particular its staff highly enough. I rarely repeat hotel stays, preferring to try different experiences, but for NYC I will make an exception. This is the place to be.  So it is very hip - you need to be open to that. it's lobby/breakfast/bar area is multi-level and styled with sitting areas and a kind of large library step sitting areas that create a very effective three-dimensional experience. it is highly eclectic. Allow yourself to be open to this.  the scond thing to be open to is the bedroom size. Know it before hand that they are like super-pods, approx 150sqft. Yes small, but highly digitized - everything is remotely controlled and very convenient. Again, enjoy what the hotel has achieved here, and get out
bubble_50	Read the hotel's own website for an accurate description of what to expect room wise, this is a review of my experience.  I chose this hotel due to its specific location with the intention of staying 1 night, Given my experience I extended this to my entire stay.  From the moment I checked in I found the staff very friendly & efficient. It was almost like arriving at a friends. Wanting a light bite & drink before retiring I visited CloudM on the 21st floor to take in some of the panoramic views of Manhattan. Whilst the bar was busy but not manic, a member of staff struck up conversation with me. Working with the public myself I can always identify people who take a genuine interest in your comfort & service as opposed to those who are following company policy and direction. This
bubble_40	Modern, nice, very clean hotel. Location very good, less than 10 min walk to the Time Square. Many restaurants, supermarkets and  shops are within walking distance.   Right at reception, there are some computers wher yo can do the check in by yourself, choose your floor and your favorite room and then make your own room key, the receptionist is ready for help. The hotel does not provide a concierge service, so help yourself.   The room was small, beautiful and modern furniture, with excellent use of space. I like the "Attention to details". There was iPad with an application to adjust lighting and othe things.   There was safe, hair dryer,  mini fridge but no tea or coffee maker.    The bathroom is excellent and the hygiene products are wonderful and I liked the small messages
bubble_50	This place is funky and cool. And everyone one of the staff members were super nice. Checking in and out is super simple. The room was nicely appointed, super clean and ultra-modern. Everything is controlled off a provided iPad: lights, temperature and the blinds. Food is available downstairs 24/7 and is a great place for a snack or full on meal. I brought meals up to the room multiple times. The bed was incredibly comfortable as well. Also, of note the rooftop lounge makes very good cocktails with expansive sweeping views of the city. I can't recommend this place enough and will be my "go-to" hotel when staying in New York.
bubble_50	Loved this hotel. Quirky and alternative but still great service, great rooms and super friendly staff. Fantastic views of city. Great technology in room. A real fridge!  Massive comfy bed. Quiet. Amazing rooftop bar. One of the best hotels Ive stayed in and not crazy expensive!
bubble_50	Everything about my stay was amazing. My check in time took about a minute my room was perfect!!! The view was incredible. The staff was wonderful. The rooftop bar was the ideal place for grown-ups to hang out. Unlike the other rooftop bars in the area which seem to cater to a bad episode of the Jersey shore... this bar was elegant, comfortable and mature. I have found my go to Hotel when I am in the city. I cant say enough good things. If you want an Amazing NYC experience this is the hotel for you.
bubble_50	As a guest we know what we want. CitizenM has designed an experience that cuts out the extra garbage. Check in, checkcout is simple the hotel is spotless. The rooms utilize small space in a way the allows you to comfortably fit your belongings. We loved it!
bubble_50	really helpful people with a positive attitude working there. Problem solving, acted like they really cared, no fake smiles, great service. Wish I had their names so I could mention them. Worked on 28 of dec and maybe to 30 of dec.
bubble_40	The rooms are very nice for one person, if you have more than once piece of luggage less so. Even if you are with your significant other you might want two rooms if you have luggage and dont want to feel like you are in a dystopian jail from the future. Yes, you will have zero privacy and hear and smell everything that other person is doing in the bathroom. Just something to consider if you are looking for romance or just want to hook up with someone on your trip. For one person without a ton of luggage it was comfortable, clean and enjoyable for short stay. Its like a first class Emirates cabin, everything feels like a ship because of the extremely limited size.
bubble_50	This is a Young hotel, With a excellent rooftop bar, where there is space and no loud music, you can actually talk with other people here :-) The service is excellent,a nice lounge at basement with funny seating and Apple computers and printing facility.  They even have a small gym.  A great place.
bubble_30	As all review stated - awesome tech in here, I would appreciate better/simplier climate control though. No USB charging ports is a clear oversight... considering you can even control blinds from the tablet. Worst part is bathroom design - doors do not shut tight, no lock on them either. You feel like you are sitting in a room behind a glass (and you literally are), long story short - we were taking turns before we leave for a day :).  Breakfast is very average, don't take it, location is unbeatable and you can find many places around to eat. Room is awesome for a single traveler. In all other cases ... not so much
bubble_40	This hotel's location is its main selling point, being within 5 minutes walk of tube stations that will take you pretty much anywhere you'd need to go as a tourist. Rooms are small but well designed (please add USB wall charging ports) and the large bed very comfortable.  The iPad that controls everything is funky but a bit unnecessary - switches would be simpler and indeed there are individual switches for most of the lights anyway.  Great views from the rooms either looking west over Williamsburg Bridge (see photo) or east towards New Jersey but the best south facing view towards lower Manhattan is reserved for the excellent, yet expensive, rooftop bar.
bubble_40	I spent 5 nights at this hotel, and I really wanted it to be excellent instead of very good. Id stayed in the same hotel in London and couldnt fault it, however despite the same facilities and look and feel, the Bowery just didnt quite match the London experience. Heres what I enjoyed: The room is fantastic and I love the technology.  The location was perfect and walking distance to some delicious food and shops. The rooftop bar is awesome and well worth a visit even if youre not staying here.  Heres what let it down: The food available at the canteen - I know its just for convenience,  but when youre jet lagged and not yet oriented to the area, you really want to grab something better than a tasteless salad or dry sandwich. Breakfast was pricey and average. The service
bubble_50	Great location.  Across the road from Spring St.  Easy walking distance to East/West village, Soho, NYU and China town.  Much more interesting than mid town.  Lots of shops/restaurants + its a neighbourhood where people live.  You can get the J subway on the corner straight to the Air train/JFK.  Around the corner from Williamsburg Bridge and the Tenament Museum  (highly recommend both).  Love the coffee at Think Coffee (two within walking distance).  Like the fact that all the rooms are the same.  Clean and bright.  No dirty carpets or peeling wallpaper.  The materials look practical and easy to clean.  Room is small but not cramp.  Like the red and white color scheme.  Great views from the high floors on the west side which you can request at check in.  Also, in this CM they
bubble_30	The overall experience is pretty good. Pleasant environment, perfect room, advanced technology, and beautiful arts made me really like this place. Except, water was off during the shower right after I put the soap on at the last day of staying. Problem solved after several phone calls, but it still ruined the day the whole experience. Didn't receive any apologies from a manager and didn't receive any refund or discount.
bubble_50	My stay at CitizenM was excellent - the ambassadors were awesome, the room was exactly what I expected and the hotel itself was beautiful. The rooftop bar was a special treat! As others have mentioned, the rooms are very compact, but you should expect this before you book. The beds are gigantic and very comfortable, and the iPad allows you to control the temperature and the shades for the perfect experience. I do wish that CanteenM offered more snack options rather than pre-made sandwiches and sushi and brownies/cookies. The bathroom is fairly translucent and located centrally in the room, so take that into consideration before booking. There's excellent shopping just around the corner from the hotel and plenty of food/bar options for late night activities. I'd return again if I
bubble_50	I will only stay there. I felt like i was apart of the city staying there. The space is close to the subway. Right next to where i needed to be. I liked how fast it was to check in check out without the extras
bubble_20	tldr: poor accommodations, sexuality questioned, no hot water, poor house keeping.Okay. Where do I start... This is long...I really want to like this place, and generally speaking I did enjoy my stay here, but it was rippled with annoyances that I havent experienced elsewhere.Im visiting NYC for work; I come a couple times a year and stay in the area. This was my first time at CitizenM. My boyfriend was visiting too, coming in the next day. We are sharing a room.When I checked in at the front desk, I let them know that my partner would be checking in the next day and I asked them to leave a key for him. The two front desk staff were super accommodating and understood. They setup a key for him and took notes down- everything seemed great. I was persistent and they insisted all
bubble_40	Nice staff. Pretty rooms - small but smart. Cosy bed. Amazing view from rooftop-bar. Best breakfast in the U.S.. Located near to 3 subway stations. Too less real meals for dinner at the rooftop-bar. Sometimes too less towels after room-service.
bubble_50	Very comfortable and real cool concept. Love the bar downstairs and the rooftop bar. Rooms were comfortable, a bit snug, but we got used to it. Great views of the city! The Bowery is walking distance from China Town and Little Italy. Subways nearby so easy to get uptown.
bubble_40	Excellent location, small but well appointed rooms and lots of technology. Service can be better.Not cheap but its NYC. Very well designed rooms that feel bigger than actually are. Good experience in the end !
bubble_20	A combination of dazzling technology and ridiculous inconveniences.  A mini ipad is provided in every room to control the lights, temperature, and TV.  There are more than 5 different lighting presets to choose from, but there is no night-light for the bathroom that doesn't light up the entire room.  Temperature can be set by the ipad, but with no thermostat in the room, there is no way to determine the current temperature.  Once it feels comfortable you must hope you didn't set it too high or too low, or else you must make several minor adjustments over time to get it right.  The TV is controlled by the ipad but there is no "Guide" button or numbers so you must move sequentially, one channel at a time, like a 1970's channel dial.  In addition to these brilliant technology
bubble_40	Great for a business stay - rooms are small but well designed and have everything you need (and they have gotten rid of the stuff you don't). In room tech is a bit glitchy/ gimmicky. Common areas are comfy and well thought out - great for catching up on work with a decent coffee. So much better than the fusty chain options.
bubble_50	A really fun, polished experience in a cool part of town at a competitive price. Honestly faultless. i came for work but will make it a priority to come back with my girlfriend. I am normally a slave to the Westin and Marriott (rewards points) but this is a reason to avoid them.
bubble_40	Great location, very clean room, amazing fast check in and out. Good, but not excellent breakfast. Terrible smell of coconut in the lobby, low quality coffe, expensive breakfast, hotel service people will always share the elevator with you with all their dirty staff.
bubble_50	Small rooms, but so comfy. We didnt need any extra space. Bed was amazing! I usually dont sleep great in a hotel, but didnt have that problem here! Love the in room technology. Staff was very friendly and would stop to chat. Atmosphere is awesome! The cloudM bar has incredible views of the city. Will stay here again for sure!
bubble_50	We had dinner at soho and we were into a drink. We saw some lights on the top floor of a hotel. We went to this top floor. It was fantastic. The view is amazing and there was a good atmosphere. I tried a cocktail ( something with teachers in the name), but I did not like it, though the presentation was really great. When the service asked if I liked it, they gave me immediately an other cocktail. The Moscow mule. It was wonderful. Great place, high recommendation.
bubble_40	Excellent bed and blinds that block off the sun Large comfy shower Very nice view from my room Good location with subway very closeCompetent and kind staff Good breakfast Functional gym Excellent internetFast check in They allowed me to check out a bit later Very small room Sink separate from the bathroom, close to the bedA bit smelly insideModer furniture but too crowed.
bubble_50	Love the consistent quality of the citizen am hotels. You know what you get and thats awesome!! Great location, subways close by, definitely recommendable Love the living room experience and the lovely furniture.And the bed is amazing,!
bubble_40	My wife and I did enjoy our stay in NYC.  Here are the current highlights and low-lights:Highs:Great common spaces (lobby and rooftop)Very helpful/friendly staffIn-room technology (when functioning) was fun to useRooms are quiet from street noiseGreat overall location!Lows:Bathrooms are tightIf sharing the room... make sure it's someone you love or are comfortable with!Sink is smallNo robesWe ran into two issues (hence the title):Climate control didn't work at one point and we had to change roomWater outage from the city on our last day (not their fault)Things are still "in flux" a bit on systems... you can tell they are learning and trying really hard to get things right.
bubble_50	Best place to stay in Bowery hands down. Each ambassador is extremely friendly and attentive. The rooftop bar has explosive views as well as eclectic decor. The architects truly took their time and worked on what the guest needs and not whats going to sell. Amazingly done.
bubble_50	Great location and views. Fun yet luxurious and comfortable modern hotel. Huge comfy bed, great shower, clean and feels luxe which is amazing for the price. Rooms are well thought out but on the small side but really they are all you need. Amazing and unique design features throughout the hotel and genuinely kind and friendly staff. Great views from the bar too and the lobby really has the wow factor.   I really rate this hotel. It was my first time in a Citizen M and most definitely not the last! Im really pleased the group are expanding worldwide and will look forward to staying again. Great concept!
bubble_20	Design of the rooms and bars is seriously cool. Very small but intelligent rooms. Service was lacking & didnt match the brand. Mains water was turned off during our stay & we were told it was outside their control - no assistance, no alternatives but still managed to charge in full!
bubble_50	My Girlfriend and I were in the city for a event just down the street at Capitale. We loved the customer service and how wonderful the room was. The ability to add a late check out was so helpful. Would 100% stay again!
bubble_50	Love the hotel. Beautiful, funky decor, very cool nightclub feel, smells yummy all the time. The room was super comfy and enjoy all the quirky decor. Tech was super cool. Everything worked except the fan. They never came to fix it though.
bubble_50	Very nice place. Perfect location. Team are 100% ddicaced to give you the best advices about the City. They give us  perfect room according to our requesy You feel at home in your room and everywhere in the htel. 5/5 Go there.
bubble_50	Stop looking for that special place to stay, just book this home away from home XXL bed CitizenM with exeptional city views from your pillow. Just 10 minutes cycling from all major hotspots, New York crowds and beatiful museums, CitizenM Bowery offers an extreme warm welcome, this greatest rooftop bar with staff knowing how to shake and stir and a lot more to explore in the hotel. Much recommended!
bubble_50	Everything about this hotel is incredible. From the staff, to the beverages, to the decor... it is a hotel everyone must stay at. From the moment I walked in, I was greeted with a big smile from Bre. She is so welcoming and friendly! Once I got to my room after a long day of traveling, I immediately laid down onto their super comfortable king-sized bed. I did not want to leave it!!!   I also tasted what I deem to be the best cappuccino EVER from Kelly. She was also so friendly and great to talk to!   This is my second time staying at CitizenM Bowery and I will definitely be back for more of their hospitality!!
bubble_50	Amazingly friendly and helpful staff; great location; best rooftop bar in NYC; comfortable bed; super clean room; great shower; view to die for - I can't say enough good things about Citizen M.  I plan to check them out wherever I travel.
bubble_40	Great high tech hotel, with perfect view straight from the supa-dupa-xlbed! Small room space, average breakfast and no water for 2 days because of some water pipe repairs out in the city. The rest was a perfection! Very good value for money! I recommend it!
bubble_50	During our first trip to New York we decided to not stay in this hotel but in its sister hotel: citizenM New York Times Square. We heard about the amazing views from cloudM (rooftop bar) in the Bowery hotel and decided to make reservations there. The view, which is almost 360 degrees, is breathtaking and literally made my jaw drop. Great location as well, surrounded by so many restaurants!
bubble_50	Amazing experience. The staff was extrely pleasent and knew the true meaning of customer service. Art in every nook and cranny. Coffee was great. Bed was comfy. I really couldnt ask for anything else out of this stay.
bubble_40	The room had the exact space a visitor would need. Bright colors and big window made it look bigger. Nice view, as requested when booking the room and always very clean. All amenities in the room are managed through a tablet, which made things super easy, should you be in the mood of not wanting to move from your bed. I'd definitely recommend it and I'd visit again!
bubble_40	Very good beds, perfect shower, wonderful breakfast and the staff is extremely friendly! A bit overpriced for the size of the rooms but overall I had a very good experience and will definitely come back
bubble_40	This single citizen stayed here 3 nights for business and have to stay it was a good decision. Not sure Id recommend CitizenM for more than a single occupant though cause like at their other properties, they only have one room type and rooms are very small.  Having said that, the large bed is very comfortable, rooms are quiet by NY standards, room design is really smart, fun and functional. Almost everything has been thought of (someone forgot USB outlets though) and although the rooms are very small, they dont feel cramped. Every nook and cranny is being used effectively to include a safe, storage for clothes under the bed, a mini fridge (with 2 complimentary small bottles of Evian). The smart technology controlled by mini iPads just works! It includes accurate temperature
bubble_10	This was the worst hotel room Ive ever seen at such rates. There was one bed up against a wall. One person would have to climb over the other if there were 2 people. You can do better elsewhere. I sure did.
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel. Check in and out was so quick and everyone we encountered was very helpful friendly. Perfect location, surrounded by tons of great food (Prince Street Pizza delivers!). My favorite part of our room was the enormous window and the bed. My first stay in a pod hotel and loved it. Wish the rooftop was open to hotel guests earlier in the day instead of opening at 4p but the views at night are stunning.
bubble_50	The hotel has been a discovery! Its a great hotel!! The rooms are not very big but they are very well distributed and decorated. The bed is very large and very comfortable. Wonderful to wake up with those views of the city.The staff was very kind and helpful, always with a smile.The hotel is very well located in the neighborhood of Nolita with many restaurants and bars in the area. Is very close to Soho, LES, East Village, Tribeca etc ...Well be back soon!! Thanks to all the team!!
bubble_50	Can't recommend this place enough, comfy rooms with everything you need and the rooftop bar is stunning! The staff are the real stars of the show, nothing is too much trouble and they make you feel at home rather than in a hotel. Great if you're travelling on your own.
bubble_50	If you want a very comfortable place to stay, with some great amenities, great location (probably the best area to be in Manhattan), great roof-top bar, this is the place.  But what really makes it stand out is the staff! Everyone was so genuinely nice, friendly and helpful! Truly unique experience at this hotel.
bubble_50	Being completely honest here, I was both anxious and skeptical of staying at an expensive "boutique" hotel, as I'm a no-frills kind of person, but I'm also annoyingly anxious/fussy when I travel. Like: "Will the bed be comfortable? Do I need to bring earplugs to block-out noisy guests? Will the pillows be clean and not give me hives?" (Yes, this has happened to me.)I'm happy to say that the CitizenM totally lives up to the hype: compact but super-clean rooms, sound-proofed bunker-like windows and walls that block-out the incessant car honking and potentially noisy guests, and a ton of fun room amenities to keep you occupied and entertained. (I think I literally played with just the lights for a solid hour. I recommend the "romantic" or "party" setting.) I haven't even mentioned
bubble_30	Having taken a red-eye flight and arrived at the hotel early (9am-ish), I requested early check-in. Without reviewing guest records, a staff member simply stated the policy that check-in was at 2pm offering only to hold my baggage and wait in the lobby/cafe area till check-in time. A block of rooms (more than 10) were reserved in advance for my company and I would have expected that they be ready for the day of check-in  at any time. That being said, if that was not possible for some reason, a small gesture from the staff to check their records to see if they could accommodate me early (i.e. review available rooms, record my mobile phone to call me if one became available, etc) would have been greatly appreciated. Furthermore, perhaps an additional gesture to offer complimentary
bubble_30	Great concept - basically wework of hotels. Small stylish rooms, cool common spaces. Rooms are cool but the tech in mine was all buggy. You use an iPad to control everything but on 3 occasions it stopped working, including when I wanted to turn off tv to sleep. Of course, nothing as low tech as a manual off switch. That and the elevator one evening repeatedly took me to near the 8th floor then turned back to earth means they need the Geek Squad!!
bubble_40	Fantastic location and friendly staff with a comfortable bar on the lowest level.  Better than most pod type hotels, CitizenM Bowery manages to provide some comfort in a tight space.  The bed is firm, and the ipad to control the room is fun to play with.  Depending on how much you enjoy corporate attempts at chummy cuteness the constant messaging on everything is at least memorable and creates a brand identity.   Wifi was great.  Room is quiet. Fair amount of storage in the room.  Decent desk and plenty of works spaces downstairs.  I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to solo  travellers.I would rate it a five as it is one of the best pod type hotels I've stayed in but theres the bathroom situation.   Theres a sink in the room and then there's a more or less see
bubble_50	Five Star hotel with modern tech. We really enjoyed our stay. We were very close to shopping, dining and we even had a museum to see at the hotel. Thanks again CitizenM - kudoos. The next time we come to New York , we want to bring our children with us at citizenM. Will you be able to accommodate my family?
bubble_50	Great hotel and perfect location for the non-Times Square spot seeking visitor. The staff is friendly and attentive. The rooms are stylish, clean and have the amenities I needed (had an AMAZING view of the Freedom Tower and downtown).Would have loved a bathtub but let's be honest, fancy bathtubs aren't realistic or practical for the smallish spaces in NYC. Overall this place is great. Kepe in mind: If you're looking for luxury and a lot of "extras,"  this is not the place for you. But if you're after a convenient location to shopping, some of the best restaurants in NYC and and a hip and fun spot to rest your head, CitizenM Bowery is it. I will be back - absolutely loved it. .
bubble_50	Not only is the room comfortable and clean, it is spare and pretty.  The lounge/bar on the 22nd floor has great views and is a gorgeous room. The bed is very comfortable, and the lighting and room temperature is easily controlled by the iPad or various room switiches.  The downstairs lounge/breakfast area is also stunning with lots of art and great space.  It is not in the "usual" tourist" areas, which I find a plus, and it is near various subway lines so it is easy to get to other parts of the city.  I was visiting my son who lives near the hotel, which is how I found citizenM.  Lastly, the staff is extremely helpful and very friendly.  I highly recommend a stay here.
bubble_30	I stayed in the CitizenM Bowery as I had good experiences in other CitizenM hotels. I like the rooms and quality of sleep, even though the rooms are small. I also think they are very customer focused.   During my stay at CitizenM Bowery the city cut off the water supply so I couldn't get a shower, use the toilet or use the AC for a whole day. Not a good experience when you get back from exploring the city all day.  I wasn't informed about this up front in which case I would have moved somewhere else. Initially the only compensation was a free breakfast and staff wouldn't even supply water bottles to clean up and brush my teeth. I discussed this with the hotel management and got a better compensation.  The elevators were also not working properly. They would simply stop in the
bubble_50	Anyone surprised by the size of the rooms can only blame themselves. Before booking, make sure to check the website and reviews to know what to expect. Admittedly, these compact spaces are not for everyone, but the space was more than adequate for my wife and me.   First, the basics. The check-in process was great. We received an email in advance that allowed us to check-in online. In doing so, we spent less than a minute getting our room keys when we arrived. Even with this minimal and efficient process, the hotel had many staff standing by to assist if needed. During our entire 5-night stay, the staff was tremendous!  The room was small, yet very comfortable. We loved the layout and the oversized bed was extremely comfortable. The iPad that allowed us to control room features
bubble_50	The best place weve stayed, period!!! Loved it. The room was modern and comfortable, while bright and cheerful. The design of this hotel was clearly thought out. It felt like home. The staff was so friendly and accommodating.
bubble_50	We booked last minute due to our previous accommodations being canceled.  We were very pleased with our stay at CitizenM. The rooms are small, think cruise ship, but they are comfortable, high tech, and very functional. You are just across from the J line subway stop, so its super easy to get to/from. There are numerous hotels, bars and restaurants very nearby. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Newest technology. Small but really smart and Nice rooms. Service was perfect! Got help with choosing a room...got the best view on the top floor!  Employees are friendly. Not cheap but its really worth it.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at CitizenM in the Bowery for just one night, but we will definitely stay there again in the future. First, the entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful in every area of the hotel. Check in was made easier by a very knowledgeable Ambassador, and once one gets used to the high tech self-serve check-in system, it is a breeze. The rooms are on the small side, but very clean and well-equipped. The rooftop bar is spectacular, with the best views of Manhattan I have seen. The other public spaces were absolutely fascinating with wonderful and cool art and funky objects everywhere. Definitely a great place to stay if you are in town for a night or two.
bubble_50	This hotel is worth the visit! Clean, compact rooms which have all the amenities. Maybe a little overkill with all the tech, as the light configuration could be better (or maybe i just didn't get it ;). An AMAZING view on Lower Manhattan and Chinatown, straight outta bed. Breakfast was 5/5, amazing quality, super orange juice, good pastries, choice of hot dishes; This is a real plus. Friendly staff, cool but not TOO cool ambiance. The rooftop bar is so nice and has yet again amazing views. This hotel is really really worth the money and has excellent price/quality. Oh yea, the bed... The bed is to die for. It really is. Also, good location with 3 subway stations (and lines) 5 minutes away.
bubble_50	If you are looking for a great location and trendy interior this is the place to be. At affordable rates and very friendly staff you are able to dive right into the very fantastic Bowery district and discover food, art and new store concepts.
bubble_50	Wow, we LOVED our stay at CitizenM Bowery! Perfect located on the border to SOHO, Little Ittaly, East Village, China Town and LES. Close to the subway station Bowery that is wery convinient if you take the J-train from the airport JFK to The City. The bed was super comfy and the view from the window was amazing. Remember to visit the Roof Top that  got a stunning view as well. We stayed here together with our 4 year old boy. The bed was so big so we all could sleep well. Cant wait to the next time we are going to stay at Citizen M Bowery. Chose this hotel for your next visit in The City. The crew and the rooms will make your dream of the perfect hotel come true!
bubble_10	5 am the morning of check in this is the email I got. Sitting at airport trying to find another hotel last minute. Clearly the hotel knew the city was planning this and deciding to send the emails out warning guests at the last possible moment so they had fewer cancellations. People dont stay at hotels without water! People need the bathrooms to work when paying for a hotel! Shame on the way the Citizen M handled this!
bubble_50	What a cool place! It was so CLEAN and everyone was friendly and helpful. Check-in was a breeze with lots of computers available and "ambassadors" around for assistance. Room wasn't quite ready when I got there, but they called when it was so I could tour the city a bit without worry. The room is a Smart room with iPad controls for all the amenities - blinds, TV, lights (all the colors), heating, etc. Super big and comfortable bed. Rooftop bar was only open for patrons (temporarily) so it was quiet with a great ambiance. Central location - lots of subway stations close by provide easy access to anywhere in the city.
bubble_40	Could become one of our favorites.  Good location. Contemporary and loaded with art. Spectacular rooftop bar. Coffee and pastry bar on first floor.  Note the rooms are quite small but efficient. New and clean.  Would have rated it higher BUT 2 issues: Took 3 phone calls and a full day to get iPad replaced that controls temperature, etc. as ours would not charge The elevators routinely would not stop at your floor. If you were on X, it would go to X+1 and then not stop on its way down.  The prices were about $25 less per night than comparable hotels in the area,  We will retry on a visit next month.  Food ? did not eat here (thought continental breakfast at $19 was a bit high) Service 3/5 (minimally staffed by design) Value 4/5 Cleanliness 5/5
bubble_50	Ive stayed twice now at CitM and both stays were excellent. I love the modern amenities in the room. The use of the iPad to control the lights, TV, and alarm. The lobby is really a great place to hang out. Their coffee bar has exceptional coffee. Rooms are cozy but perfect for my daughter and I.
bubble_50	I came to NYC on a solo trip to attend a book signing which was held nearby this hotel...and I did not want to leave!  From the welcoming and helpful staff to the delicious breakfasts, teas, artwork, and did I mention the most comfortable bed I've slept in, this gem along The Bowery is a must-stay. It's steps away from Little Italy and Chinatown, and as a single woman traveler, I never felt unsafe taking an early morning or evening walk.  A full-service Whole Foods is one block away; I kept snacks in the room's small refrigerator. On the day that I was to arrive, the hotel sent an email explaining interruption of water service in the afternoon, and that guests would be given a complimentary breakfast the next day...well, when I checked in that afternoon the water service had
bubble_50	Why do you need a huge bedroom, if you're spending most of the time traveling in the city?  That's the theory here at CitizenM.  Tiny room, but that doesn't mean they skimp on luxury.  It was clean, cool, great bed, nice shower.  And the bar and common areas were perfect.
bubble_50	I would highly recommend Citizen M Bowery to couples or friend. The hotel was clean, stylish with trendy artwork. The is an espresso bar and full bar downstairs for guests. I was welcomed and greeted by the front desk agent who guided me through checking in and selecting my preferred room (west or east view). My room was spotless, small- but efficiently designed. All media and lighting was controlled by an iPad. Black out curtains controlled bed side made it even easier to sleep in the already comfortable and cozy bed. Barista was friendly and made a delicious Cortado! Will be returning soon and recommending to others!
bubble_50	We loved our stay! The bed is comfy, the location is amazing and the staff is awesome. Don't forget to check out the spectacular rooftop, amazing Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridge views. A special shout out to Chanel, Amy, Storm and Michael from the staff, you guys rock!
bubble_50	If you like efficient design, cool art and friendly staff, CitizenM Bowery is the place for you. From the thoughtful touches in every room to the proactive ambassadors anticipating any question or need I would have, my stay was perfect from start to finish. Plus, this hotel gives back to the community. Check out the Museum of Street Art, tucked away in the staircase. CitizenM funded the entire project and gave the 5Pointz crew total autonomy to fulfill their vision. I'll be back!
bubble_40	A good hotel. No noise from other rooms, but outside noise can be heard... great bed and shower. I did have an issue with a leak in the bathroom, which was not fixed eventhough i did report it... but other than that was good.
bubble_50	Awesome hotel! Excellent location, great environment Amazing beds, clean, comfortable, everything you need when travelling for tourism, work.Good The last day, the running water was cut so i could not finish showering Excellent location, great environment and installations.The bed was amazingly comfy.
bubble_50	Hotel provides everything you need for a reasonable price. The rooms are small but because of the layout you never feel cramped. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very quiet. I will make this my "go to"  hotel when I am in NYC.
bubble_50	Loved the location, just off Soho, LES eateries just around the corner, Williamsburg bridge minutes away for an early morning jog, wonderful relaxed mood in the lobby/canteen area, best coffee, perfect for solo travelers as well as couples, friendly and welcoming service.
bubble_50	This hotel owns very modern and beautifully decorated small rooms that are designed for a perfect and comfortable stay.   When I entered to my room couple of days ago, I was ready to cancel my reservation on the spot because of its size! Luckily I did not check out of the hotel and instead rolled up the mini blind in my room and I said WOW! The view was amazing and for a moment my room became part of the New York sky!  The lobby is beautiful and very spacious; and next to this lobby at a lower level is hotel!s unique cafe and bar area. Staff are very friendly and are willing to do anything to make your stay pleasant!  Make sure to stay there during your next trip to New York!  Have fun.
bubble_30	Tiny galley style room. Nowhere for two people to move around. High tech smart room tablet was unique and useful and for the space it has a good amount of storage but 170 sq feet is too small for what your paying. Street noise was loud on saturday night. On the plus side staff were friendly and room was clean.
bubble_10	Beyond small like almost a joke but when the door closed I thought I was going to have a panic attack. Never showered with a toilet in my shower. It was gross I'm 5'1 and couldn't move. Anyone who is tall or larger will absolutely not physically be able to stay in this room. Perfect for my 14 year old and her friend. I'll be down the street with a room that I can breathe in.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel with perfectly designed rooms.  Highly recommended!New York hotels in this budget range are typically: small, not that clean, not that updated, and really noisy.  Our room at CitizenM was certainly small, but in the best way possible.  Super easy to be in the room together with my wife.  Bed was enormous and comfortable, and all of the electronic devices in the room worked seamlessly, from airplay, to the electronic blinds, and the lighting system.  A+++
bubble_50	Looking for an affordable stay in NYC at the last minute was a tough ask, but this hotel grabbed my attention, and judging by photos and details on the website, I decided to go for it. I was not disappointed, other than a couple of small things that I think could be improved in future, namely... 1. The sink should be in the wet area (with shower and toilet) not in the main room (I'm a bit of a messy washer), 2. the bed was a little soft for my liking, butt that's just me, and 3. I think triple-glazing windows would be a good idea in noisy NYC. Other than those things, this place was a great choice.Bowery is a rough-around-the-edges hipster area, with lots of nice bars and cafes, etc. The area isn't particularly visually appealing, but that will change in time due to the building
bubble_50	We were looking for a place near Caf wha? And while this was not all that close it is a funky Chinese commercial zone of sorts.  Up and coming I guess.  However the hotel was just jam packed with cool stuff, for tech to giant beds,to cool views.   the drinks on the rooftop bar were amazing goodness as was the view.  The room was only 7 sq fr but it was packed with amenities.  Provided you were not spending a week there with someone you weren't too fond of, you will not mind the cosy quarters.
bubble_40	I stayed here for 2 nights recently with my wife, who found a great introductory rate at this new property. We've stayed in many, many NYC hotels over the years and this has some qualities we find in many. It seems that CitizenM is trying its hardest to compete with the hipster/millenial groove factor that so many others also seek. In some ways, they overdo it, like the little "CitizenM says..." quotes sprinkled everywhere, and enough pop art to make your head swim.  Our checkin was pretty efficient and friendly, with Aaron giving us the rundown on their touchscreen process. Our room was "euro-sized" like many in Manhattan, but smartly designed...and designed as a "smart room." All of the wall switches are labeled (e.g. "vanity light" or "day blinds" and there is an iPad Mini on
bubble_50	Supernice funky hotel with all facilities needed. Clean, very friendly staff, superconfy beds. It really contributed to our whole experience of visiting N.Y. for the first time. I can really recommend and will definitely stay here the next time I come to N.Y.
bubble_50	A great hotel in a great location. Seems like they really tried to think of all the little details that can make one feel welcomed and at home away from home.Loved the design! The eyes never get tired looking @ it, & theres always something new...Friendly staff ,  Would be happy to return:)
bubble_50	If you don't mind a narrow room, but will gladly trade that for:Great Bed and BeddingGreat ShowerFriendly StaffWonderful Common roomsTop of the Top rooftop barThen this is the place for you, especially if you are by yourself
bubble_50	Fantastic stay at the CitizenM Bowery Hotel in New York. Brilliant location in Manhattan, not too far away from major tourist spots and some great shops and restaurants. Booked for our honeymoon and we were left with a nice little message and a couple of drinks at the bar. Staff were fantastic and were always on hand to help and offer advice, saying hello and good morning as you left and asking about your day on return. The room came with comfy beds and a stunning view of downtown New York! The iPad provided is fun that controls the whole room (a great touch for someone like me who loves tech). Overall a fantastic experience and would look to stay in a CitizenM hotel again.
bubble_50	The location is great, located in the heart of the Lower East Side. Friendly staff (considering the vibe I had perhaps expected less friendliness!) Small but perfectly formed room with a large lovely bed and killer view. The in room tech is cool and actually really worked!
bubble_50	Always try to stay at a Citizen M property when travelling. I love the style, the concept but most importantly the uber comfortable beds. When researching for a business trip to New York I was delighted to see this new property available on the dates I required. The hotel is in a great part of the city; I much prefer staying downtown to avoid the craziness of uptown. The interior of the hotel is what you would expect of a CitizenM property... eclectic and practical. The rooftop bar is breathtaking..it is destined to become a very popular haunt once it opens to the public! The staff are very friendly and approachable. All requests/queries were met with a smile and answered effectively. will definitely try to stay here again in the future.
bubble_50	The rooms were very comfy and appealing. I loved the artwork and vibe in the lounge/lobby areas. The best part of the rooftop bar with the near 360 view of the city. It was truly amazing. Will definitely return.
bubble_50	This is a fun, dynamic hotel to stay at. High technology, friendly staff, very comfortable and a great location! I loved hanging out in the living room daily. The hotel is so close to great shopping and wonderful restaurants.
bubble_40	people from citizen M are very nice but I didn't like the size of the bedroom, the cleaning, that you could not open the window..................Nice the roof bar and the street art museum.Too expensive but it's New York!
bubble_50	We stayed at this hotel from the 14th to 18th October for our honeymoon and I cant recommend it enough!  We had emailed in advance to say it was our honeymoon - not that we expected anything but the hotel very kindly ensured we had a fabulous west facing room with amazing views. We also were left balloons and complimentary beers in our room with a card congratulating us - a really lovely touch!   The hotel was clean, modern and had fun quirky decor. The room was fabulous (it was compact but it was certainly bigger than we expected it to be following some reviews of rooms in Manhattan). It was immaculately clean with complimentary shower gels, hand lotion, shower cap, bottled water. The bed was huge, really comfortable. It was a square shaped bed so you had the option on which
bubble_50	Friendly and helpful staff. The check in process was seamless and I didn't have to wait for anything when I arrived. Rooms beat expectations. The rooftop bar was a nice touch after a long day. I'd stay again.
bubble_50	Not only is the style, architecture, and technology great at citizenM but the staff there will truly make your visit one you will never forget. It is by far the best stay Ive ever had in my life at a hotel. They have a street art museum in the stairwell!! Everything is just amazing here, I will definitely be returning next time Im in NYC
bubble_50	Like it. have been to citizenM in Paris CDG, liked that as well. It is a great, clean, fun hotel, if you do not need to much space for your luggage. Staff is great, everything new and really very very clean. Check in and out works perfectly. I did a online check in, was great
bubble_50	I was hesitant at first to try a new hotel given they have just finished construction. But after staying here for 5D4N in total I was impressed with the level of attentiveness and friendliness of all of the staffs. Special mention of Alana and Luigi who are both exceptional in their service!
bubble_50	We truly enjoyed our stay at Citizen M.  The staff were friendly and helpful at all times. The hotel lobby is interesting and engaging. We felt very comfortably having drinks in the lower bar area.  The rooms were small but very well organized and comfortable.  The bed was very comfortable and had pillows that felt like home. The smart home features were wonderful!  The hotel is within walking distance of Chinatown and Little Italy as well as shopping.  We will definitely be back!
bubble_20	Every time Ive stayed at CitizenM in Europe it has been absolutely great so I was totally surprised that CitizenM at the Bowery in New York gets it so very wrong . Dont let the fancy adverts fool you, this is no high-end hotel! While the hotel building its self is really lovely (although still under construction as of October 2018), the service absolutely and completely stinks - it feels more like youre staying at a youth hostel as opposed to an affordable luxury hotel, although frankly Ive had better service at youth hostels. This was typified for me when I asked if they had a feedback form and my request was met with the surly response from a member of staff of yeah, its called trip advisor - so here we are! I really do expect better service at this price point! I
bubble_50	This is a truly amazing hotel ~ I cannot say enough good things about our stay. I was a little nervous after reading some of the lukewarm reviews, but I'm convinced these were either prompted by competitors or otherwise not legitimate. This hotel was fabulous in every way and we had ZERO complaints!  After staying at this CitizenM, we WILL book another stay with this brand (either in NY or at any of their other properties), as we LOVED the concept and vibe.  For this hotel, we found the location to be perfect, the building is modern and eye-catching. It was easy to find and we loved the stylish, urban feel of the property, both inside and out.  The self check-in worked flawlessly. We were able to pick from a variety of options for our room, including low or high floors, east or
bubble_30	I don't think M Bowery is particularly good value for money. There are equally good alternatives, and the uniformity of hotels is becoming tedious.We booked 5 rooms for 4 nights (that's over $ 6,000 USD) and I couldn't get a break on the room rate when I booked.
bubble_50	Great location great service! We have spent a long weekend here. Good transportation, walking distance to Little Italy and China Town. Very helpful staff, relaxed atmosphere. Cute rooms with hi tech flair. Enjoyed reading every label and note.
bubble_10	I wish id read the other reviews before booking. Ive stayed in several citizenM hotels and this one just isnt ready yet - but is still charging full rates.   Arrived late on a Sunday night after a long flight to a hot room, thought I would cool it down but the iPad controls seemed to have no effect. I reported this on the Monday morning and then when I got back on the Monday evening I found that this had slipped between the cracks and not been looked at.   Having read the reviews, I now realise this is a common problem. In a 6 x 18 room, no AC means it gets unbearably hot. I am now sat in the room waiting for the engineer to come, wasting my time (not holding my breath) and wondering whether to start packing to move rooms, or better still, move hotel. I cant put up with
bubble_50	I discovered CitizenM in London and most recently stayed in New York.  Locations are great, rooms are small but super luxurious and clean (everything you want/need neatly packed into a small space).  Environment and decor is "cool", modern but also friendly.  Love the high-tech approach.  Great value - it's like a DIY 'Ace Hotel or W' experience at a lower cost.
bubble_50	We loved this hotel!   After visiting NYC many times before, mostly staying in midtown, we wanted a base to see the real New York. This new hotel was perfect. It is on the doorstep of Soho, East Village, Little Italy, NoLita and ChinaTown. The subway line/station is also literally just outside the hotel with only a short ride uptown, downtown and to Brooklyn.   The decor is modern, fun and creative. Loved the art work across the hotel. All of the hotel team were incredibly friendly and warm. Nothing was too much trouble.   Ok, the rooms are not the biggest, but we knew that when we booked. The view from our west facing room on 12th floor was breathtaking and the bed was incredibly comfortable. Underneath the bed was a safe and lots of storage for bags etc. The shower was great
bubble_50	super site, terrific hotel, nice people, lovely bed, great living room, perfect breakfast in a great neighborhood in the city that never sleeps, with musea, restaurants and nice shops just around the corner : what else could you want?
bubble_50	This is our second time staying at the citizenM. The first time we stayed at the Time Square location and we decided to try the new location this time since we ebjoyed it so much last time. It did not disappoint, actually it impressed me even more. Every one is very friendly and helpful and they all make you feel at home and welcomed. The new location is perfect and gives you a different experience of New York than our last stay at Time Square. I love the CitizenM and look forward to staying with them again.
bubble_20	The lobby was beautiful, however, rooms not ready till after 3pm, so I got to stare at it a lot. Once unpacked and showered, AC quit working. Had to pack and move rooms, and the second night, the AC quit working. After bringing it to the attention of multiple staff members, everyone was very "meh, we have been dealing with this all week." You could have at least comped one out of my four nights! Staff was not ready - couldn't find Sprite, attitude when asked for a menu around 1am (bartender pointed to the grab and go container). This was supposed to be an enjoyable 10 year wedding anniversary weekend, and I spent more time outside of the hotel than I wanted to because I couldn't breathe in there.  Cleaning staff was VERY LOUD, slamming doors and vacuuming outside of rooms very
bubble_20	Price is not affordable. Accidentally left property in room but never got it back and response from staff extremely slow.Room with good view though. Bed comfortable. Hot water took more than 3 mins to get warm.
bubble_50	I enjoyed every moment at the hotel.I like CitizenM's concept.No frils, efficient and friendlythe location was perfect for me to run once to the Hudson river and once to the East RiverPrince street is nearby and always excitinggreat gentrification of the area
bubble_50	This new hotel has a great vibe and feels as home away from home. The room is excellent and has everything one needs, such as a great shower, large bed and super fast free WiFi. We definitely recommend staying here.
bubble_50	It was a great , unforgettable experience, nice neighborhood. View from the rooftop bar was the best. Staff was excellent and very helpful. Beds were so comfortable, so I got a good sleep. Can't wait to come back.
bubble_50	It may be a small room, but the quality of everything in there was awesome! The technology was out of this world. The bed was super comfy, the space was utilized efficiently. The art was amazing and the customer service is second to none. The view was also awesome...love love love it!!! Would definitely go back!
bubble_50	Everything about this hotel was amazing. The room was small but the utilization of space leaves it so roomy. You have everything you need. Very High tech and fun too.  Plus an EXTREMELY comfy bed.   The service was unmatched!! Ive never received better service anywhere else. Everyone was amazing.
bubble_50	This was my first time staying at a CitizenM hotel.  I was really blown away by how clean and modern the rooms were, how friendly and helpful the staff was and the great lounge in the hotel lobby - all for a great price.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	This hotel is super located, has superior beds in super sexy rooms with an exceptional view and beds I want to order for my own home.The staff is extremely well trained and helpful. You really feel at home overhere. The check in is so much better than other hotels. It is digital, super quick and with additional help if needed. Tip: drink a cocktail at the rooftop bar.. :-)
bubble_10	First of all I need to say that I am a big fan of CitizenM Hotels, having previously stayed at Times Square, Schipol and Tower of London. I use them for business and pleasure. The Bowery was my first negative experience with the brand and it was a big negative!   Support from their Twitter team was great but they had little effect on the Bowery management team and we eventually gave up complaining. We left the hotel early, returned late and just used it as somewhere to shower and sleep.   The hotel clearly isnt ready yet. We were welcomed to a view of trash scattered around the outside of the hotel entrance, this gave a bad first impression and even after this was brought to the managers attention this was not cleaned up during our stay.   My experience is based on the Lobby,
bubble_10	Nobody at this hotel knows what they are doing. The staff seems very ghetto, also inexperienced. A new property like this should be at it's best, but it is not. This hotel is at it's complete worst.... Hope it gets better. Also the neighborhood is full of homeless people. Homeless people all over and outside the hotel.
bubble_50	The hotel had only been open for three days when I got there, and the staff seemed genuinely thrilled to be in business and show off this gorgeous place.  Everything about it was amazing: the rooms, the decor, the staff (shout out to my girl Alana), the breakfast, the overall vibe. And the Bowery location gives you a real New York experience.  LOVED.
bubble_50	Game changing property in the heart of the Bowery.  Rooftop bar is incredible with 360 views of the city.  sunset there was magical.  The Living Room area and front patio are great spaces to work and just hang out
bubble_10	As a Dutch citizen it is nice to see that a Dutch company created this goodlooking hotel in NYC Bowery. However, my stay was a great disappointment. I can guarantee you, this the first time and last time that I will stay in CitizenM. The first impression of the room was good. Everything new, modern and a great view from the window. However, this hotel fails to fulfill the most important need of a hotel guest, and that is to create a comfortable atmosphere. There is an iPad to control the room. But it did not work as it should be. How is that possible for a brand new hotel? Did they not check everything carefully? When I arrived, my room was a bit cold, so I selected the lowest fan and the highest temperature (25 degrees C). After an hour it was still freezing cold, and the fan
bubble_10	Staff very kind but had no way to fix the problem. It was freezing in the room. No heat or hot water. Staff moved me but the problem was only a bit better. Staff reported that the hotel was newly opened and they were working on the problems. I wasnt offered any compensation. I called the desk a few times and no one offered any help.
bubble_50	I was welcomed by a very friendly staff after a long trip from Europe and was very fast checked in and introduced to all services and practical issues. Every question was answered very fast and with a smile. The breakfast room and bar also works as a living room and working space for the guests in a very cozy and effective way.
bubble_50	Loved loved this hotel! First and foremost the decor is super cool, artsy, cheerful and different. We loved the fast electronic check-in, the "smart room" where everything is controlled through an ipad, super comfortable large bed, great city views, and beautiful shower. The staff was beyong friendly and helpful at all times. We loved hanging out in the art filled lobby. The location is amazing, right by Nolita, Little Italy and LES. Highly recommended!
bubble_20	i was moved to a different room because my ac wasn't working. the second room, the ac wouldn't turn off. electrical plugs were not working. hallways were lined with ac equipment. contractors used the same elevator non stop. we actually had to wait for 3 elevators because of your workers. in the lobby, an employee was gluing artwork with toxic fumes in the middle of the day. i can go on and on. i was told o would be comped for a night and we'll see if you guys live up to that.
bubble_50	It was the first week opening. But it was perfect. A SELF check in and check out to do by YOURSELF with the help of an ambassador (thank you Jack from the night team). Really nice and small room. You are here to stay in the lobbies and not in the room so do not criticize it because its really comfortable though. The bed is SO AMAZING!! I would kill to have one like this one at home.   The ambassadors are really kind and helpful (special ddicace to Breanna, Alana and Jacob). I missing a lot of names but you are ALL really good. Breakfast was good but not exceptional. Maybe its because the hotel was opened since few days. But the quality is here.  For all the future travelers go there, enjoy the IPad in the room to control it, dont stay in here but go in the lobbies, enjoy a
bubble_50	Here you get a clean no fuss room with a really big comfortable bed and a very nice high-pressure rain shower with great soaps. The room was high tech, with an iPad that controlled the lighting, TV, and blinds. Room even included cold evian bottles for free. The common spaces were new, clean, and modern. And the view from the 16th floor was amazing.   The real highlight was the staff, who heard we were celebrating our anniversary and had left cards and balloons decorating our room upon arrival. They remembered us throughout our stay and were very kind and helpful. It's a brand new hotel, and we were surprised just how on top of things they already were.
