bubble_50	This is our second thanksgiving vacation here. Each time we find the value, cleanliness, and convenience of the location to be excellent. Eddie the manager is thoughtful and the ray of the staff are similar. Its fairly close to subways and parking is a few hundred feet away. Highly recommended especially for the spaciousness of the rooms.
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel managed efficiently by a friendly staff. The rooms are large and very clean, and across the street is a unique park that is obviously a gathering place for the community. The rooms are quiet, and the breakfast is also good. This is my second time staying at this hotel, and I cant think of a single thing that needs improving. From now on, I will be looking at this one first.
bubble_50	Mulberry is a new hotel with friendly reliable service, has an amazing roof top pool, bar and restaurant and has spacious rooms and bathrooms.  The corner suites have great views of Kathmandu. The breakfast buffet is tasty with many choices.
bubble_50	Stayed at this amazing hotel, the setting took our breath away, the most friendly staff, our room was out of this world, waitress service was outstanding, breakfast was a treat, acres of grounds to explore, conveniently located we will return
bubble_30	This was surprise birthday present for me,  well organised by my wife and children.  On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by very efficient staff who had our details and checked us in promptly.  Our room was compact,  but  spotlesly clean with very big and most comfortable bed. Location is everything on a holiday and hotel Mulberry didn't disappoint.  Situated in Chinatown within walking distance (5mins) of buzzy little Italy with its many restaurants and markets.  Reception will organise cars for you and like most services around here that ask for cash in advance.  Hotel is very quite at night and has AC throughout the building.  Free coffee and water available in foyer .
bubble_10	Hotel Mulberry is a Chinese owned hotel.  The front desk customer service is very poor.  The mgmt did not reply emails when customer complained, even with follow up.   This hotel operation doesnt meet  USA common business standard.  Its Breakfast was advertised as #1 selling point online, but only available at 8am and limited to two people.  This info was listed in the main web page when mentioned Breakfast.  Please be careful.  It was very bad experience for my family.  We will never book this hotel again.
bubble_30	The hotel is clean the room is good , nice staff and very helpful. The breakfast is poor i didnt like the location  but the surrounded area is dirty i didnt feel comfortable while taking a tour around the hotel but ingeneral its good
bubble_50	Folks, stay in room 702. It is awesome! We were 7 stories up and had one of the rooms with a balcony. Oh my, being able to see the One World Trade Center was exceptional. I actually saw lightning hit it while laying in bed. We loved having our coffee on the patio and waking up in the morning to ladies performing Tai Chi below - soooo cool. Great experience. Super clean rooms! Professional and kind staff. Great Breakfast at the cafe next door (omelets, pancakes ect...as choices). Also, staying in Chinatown is just such a great cultural experience! Little Italy is 2 blocks away so you can eat Chinese and then walk a bit for a real Cannoli! Fun! Easy walk to One World Trade Center/911 Museum and Battery Park where you can book a cruise online at StatueCruises.com to see Ellis
bubble_50	So central, close to the subway 6 line. In the heart of Chinatown. Quiet location across from a park, heaps of restaurants, shops and lots to see around here.  Beautiful staff who are very helpful.  Room was very clean.  Free breakfast was great.  Overall
bubble_40	The staff here are really friendly and helpful. We booked a family room which was kind of 2 separate rooms. The room was nice, the only issue we had was that the air conditioning in the additional room was not linked to the controller in the room, and was very loud and very cold. Staff were helpful and managed to turn it off centrally. The hotel is in a nice quiet area overlooking a park in Chinatown, so it was quiet at night. 2 of us had breakfast included, and we paid for the other 2. Breakfast is served at a cafe 4 doors down the street, and was really good.
bubble_50	I found the room to be clean, comfortable and quiet.  This is the second time I've used this hotel twice now and will use it again.  I had a very unique, and good experience here that I'd like to share.  The breakfast they offer is provided at a small restaurant (MaMas) 4 doors down from the hotel. This traditional breakfast offers a good array of tasty options. One morning I went in and had breakfast.  As is my habit, I reached in my pocket to give them a tip. I thought I left two one dollar bills only to discover later in the morning, I'd actually left $101.00. One of the bills had been a 100 dollar bill. We went back to the restaurant and they confirmed that was what i did and GAVE MY MONEY back!! You just don't forget those experiences which could have turned our poorly, but
bubble_40	My husband found Hotel Mulberry on Trip Advisor and it served our purpose well.  It was located in Chinatown close to the Brooklyn Bridge and the subway.  It was a smaller hotel with only 3 rooms per floor.  The room was small, but just what we needed.  The service was great and the price was reasonable.  The whole hotel and room were very clean.  We did not take advantage of the breakfast vouchers, but I heard that it was very good.  They also had their own small breakfast on the weekend.  We were very pleased with the location and were satisfied overall.
bubble_50	Five adults stayed in the deluxe room that had 3 queen size beds.  All the beds were very comfortable and room was decent in size.  Only complaint was that every day the maid only left towels for 4 people, but when we asked maid or front desk for more, we were always given them very promptly.  Our room was always cleaned well and the hotel was clean.  Only 4-5 rooms on our floor.  Our room overlooked the park across the street.  This hotel is couple blocks from the street vendors, etc of Chinatown, so it was a quiet location.  Front desk staff was friendly.  Short walk to subway, and many restaurants in Chinatown and Little Italy.  We walked to Brooklyn Bridge and Financial District (about 15 min walk) from our hotel.  I would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	There were 5 of us traveling and we were looking to stay in the same unit. When our Airbnb fell through, I thought it would be impossible to find a place in Manhattan to accommodate us. But Hotel Mulberry offered the perfect room -- 3 queen beds (one of which was separated in its own area on the other side of the bathroom).  Everything in the hotel was excellent. It was very clean and modern, the front desk was helpful and professional, the beds were comfortable, the water pressure was great, and the breakfast was delicious. Quiet street. Good food in the immediate vicinity, and the park across the street was great for the kids. It was a little bit of a walk to the subway lines we were using, but that's not the hotel's fault. Even so, it was an easy walk to the Brooklyn Bridge
bubble_50	Booked this hotel last minute and to our surprise have enjoyed staying here. Great location, clean spacious and comfortable rooms and lovely staff. Definitely recommend it and definitely will stay here again.
bubble_50	The Mulberry is unusual as it is in Chinatown, but it would be good for a lower Manhattan business trip. It's not a boutique hotel and is reasonably priced for NYC  but there were only five rooms on our floor so it is small. Our room was clean, cleaned daily  and  we enjoyed good water pressure in the shower. Staff was exceptionally helpful and made our stay pleasurable. There are no food facilities but guests are given a breakfast chit at a nearby restaurant, and Chinatown is full of restaurants. Little Italy is a close walk if you are so inclined. Closest subway station is Canal Street, which is on many lines about five blocks away.  Brooklyn Bridge is a ten minute walk and Lower Manhattan court houses and public buildings nearby. We enjoyed the energy of Chinatown,too.  I
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry is a hidden gem on the border of Chinatown and Little Italy. We have been here for two days and will be here for two more days. We have a spacious, modern room with a great view of the New World trade tower and a neighborhood park which is always busy with soccer, tai chi, music, checkers and neighborhood families. The staff at the hotel has been most gracious and accommodating. They have had excellent recommendations for both Chinese and Italian restaurants within blocks of the hotel. We are within walking distance of the 911 museum, the Brooklyn Bridge and the new world trade Center. We would recommend a deluxe city view room. The rate includes a tasty breakfast at Mama's neighborhood restaurant.
bubble_50	A friend and I spent 3 nights at the Hotel Mulberry in NYC in March. The hotel was perfect. The king room we had was very clean, with an excellent shower and very comfortable bed. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and offered many suggestions for places to eat, and how to get around. Chinatown location was perfect. Easy to get to the financial district and the Brooklyn Bridge, and very simple to get to the subway for trips further into Manhattan. Breakfast was included with the room, so I expected something very basic, but you actually get a voucher for a restaurant a few doors down and you get quite a range of choices, AND it includes a beverage! (I had the bacon & eggs one day, which was adequate, and french toast the next, which was really quite tasty.) A number of
bubble_50	We had an excellent stay. 4 adults stayed comfortably in a double room. The room was clean and had a nice park view. Front desk staff was pleasant and helpful. Continental breakfast was served on Sunday. We will stay here again.
bubble_40	Stayed in a room with 3 queen beds- the room is huge. Very clean & quiet, and very friendly staff. The bathroom could use a little bit of an update, but otherwise, we were very happy with our stay. Location was convenient to where we needed to be in the city.
bubble_50	First time to New York and to the Mulberry Hotel.   The hotel is very clean and staff are lovely.     Would book again.      Breakfaat is in a small cafe, 2 doors down the street.   But again excellent food and service.
bubble_50	Nothing to complain about at this little gem of a hotel in the middle of China Town in NYC! The location, the price, the clean and comfortable rooms, the management....all perfect for me. I will be returning for sure!
bubble_40	This was a pleasant surprise. I booked this hotel for location (close to a work site) and price as I arrived late one night, worked all day, and then flew directly home.  I received a warm reception.  The room was clean and nicely decorated, but it's clearly an old place that could use some work.
bubble_50	My girls and I went to the city to celebrate my birthday. We stayed at the BEST Hotel (HOTEL MULBERRY). The staff is friendly and very accommodating. The hotel is clean and roomy. This is DEFINITELY a place I will recommend to my friends and family.
bubble_40	Our king sized room was small ( not much space left around the big bed) but clean and with adequate storage space. Bathroom was small but very clean.  I think the room sizes vary. If you are looking for basic, affordable lodging it is a good bet.  Breakfast was served at s small diner 3 doors down. Lots of cops ( from nearby law courts and police station ) eat  there. Plenty of menu choices for Mulberry guests. .  With breakfast included the hotel is a real bargain. Just off Canal St, it is handy for China Town, Little Italy and SoHo.  I. Mid- winter the streets are quiet at night but the area seems v safe.
bubble_50	great hotel very clean and cosy breakfast really tasty and lots of choice.fantastic city views of city hall and park got some lovely photos when it snowed if you like the hustle and bustle of china town you will love this hotel
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry in China Town - it's location means it is not only in China Town but also Little Italy is at the end of the street.  Our welcome was very warm from the staff as we're all our dealings with them.  Courteous and very helpful at all times.  Our room was large, spotlessly clean with plenty of hanging and draw space.  The bathroom had quality toiletries and a brilliant shower.  Breakfast was included in the tariff - this is a little quirky as you have to go to a restaurant five doors away.  Having said that the food was adequate to start our day but not exciting.  This hotel is located near to the Freedom Tower, the subway and many other attractions.  Would we stay again - yes, would we recommend it - yes.  Thank you to everyone who runs this brilliant hotel for making
bubble_50	We recently stayed one night at the Hotel Mulberry and were pleasantly surprised at the excellent service we received. We arrived about four hours before check in due to our flight, they stowed our bags and we went to lunch in Chinatown. When we returned it was still about 1.5 hours before check in and we were shown to our room early and our bags were delivered to us, Wow!! The room was very clean and the beds were really comfortable. I really liked the scent of their bath products. Would definitely stay again next time I am in NYC.
bubble_50	The hotel is in Chinatown and walking distance to many restaurants, Little Italy, the World Trade Center, subway stations, etc. It is a good value for the location (Manhattan). It was clean and pleasant to stay in (with breakfast provided). I would not hesitate to stay here on my next trip.
bubble_50	The hotel is located in the Chinatown district, within walking distance to tourist sights such as World Trade Centre, shopping in Century 21 etc.  Upon arrival and throughout our stay staff were friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was included, we were given vouchers at reception as its based in a cafe a few doors down, breakfast was lovely with a decent choice, no complaints, good value for NYC standards!  Our room was OK size for NYC, ive stayed in a lot smaller! Room was clean, bed was very comfortable, small bathroom but was fine!.  Room had a mini fridge and a good TV, wifi was good also and free!  We booked this hotel based on location and price due to the things we wanted to see were nearby.  I would definitely stay here again and i wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel
bubble_40	Hotel Mulberry sits at the southern end of a street that runs from a tourist trap in Little Italy to a few quiet blocks of Asian restaurants and shops south of Canal. The hotel overlooks a park where neighborhood kids play soccer and older adults do tai chi while listening to traditional music. The hotel is basic. The HVAC is not controllable but the windows open. Bathroom is fine but nothing special. Easy access to subway within 5 minutes you can get anywhere from here. Highly recommended if you want to see how real people live in NY and get a taste of the past without the artifice of the present in a city that in many parts is turning into a generic shopping mall.
bubble_40	We were surprised to find that the hotel is a modern building in between many old ones right on the edge of Chinatown and facing a small park (Columbus).  It is very well run with a very pleasant, efficient, staff.  The rooms are modern, very clean and comfortable.  Wonderful beds! The location makes it easy to walk to the World Trade Center, the memorial and museum.  It is also easy to walk to Chinatown, Little Italy, Soho, Greenwich Village and Washington Square. There is subway station only 5 minutes walk away. There is no restaurant but a complementary breakfast is available at Mama's Eatery 3 doors away.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week with hubby and 7 year old son. Had a late check in at 1030pm with no problems. Really lucky we got a huge room with 3 comfy double beds in it-we all loved having a bed to ourselves! Would keep this in mind if we bring our youngest one next time as well as that would be ideal. Easy safe for us to work, enough storage for the 3 of us, kettle there to make tea/coffee, handy refrigerator, hairdryer, and towels supplied.  Breakfast -we got 2 vouchers each day to eat at mamas diner a few doors down-good enough to fill us till lunch-we jus paid for extra toast or whatever our son fancied. On Sunday breakfast is in the lobby with basic croissant, cookies, Chinese pot noddles etc-suited us fine.  Staff were wonderful and helpful-on the last day the nice guy helped
bubble_20	The pictures they post are not accurate for this hotel, as the owners have not maintained this property. Walls are covered with finger prints and scuff marks everywhere you look. Art on walls look like they were bought at a thrift store or flea market and they are very dated. The bedding is up-to-date. Hallways are small. The decor in lobby looks like a bachelor brought over his black vinyl couch and other stuff from the 80's and placed it in the middle of the room. There is a old plastic electric pitcher that heats up water in the room and they provide a couple small packets of Sanka (Instant coffee you add to water) that is just gross and not a real coffee maker. If you are looking for a true Chinese experience, this is it. It is on a small side alley in Chinatown.The price is
bubble_40	Clean, quiet and the location was perfect. Only 4 rooms on the floor I stayed on so no noise from other guests coming and going. The bed was even more comfortable than mine at home.  Just a few steps from the heart of China Town and a few more blocks and you're in Little Italy. Also walked to Lower Manhattan, Wall Street, Battery Park and the 911 Memorial. Access to the subway was close as well.  Would definitely recommend.
bubble_40	The key to anywhere is a bed you can sleep in and a room that is clean. The art on the walls might well be (reading another review) $10 from a flea market - but you don't book three star to sit in the room and admire the art.  So Hotel Mulberry passes the bed and cleanliness tests.  The public areas are so limited, the included breakfast is six doors away. But? So.  The reasons you should be here are price and location. All of downtown is within an easy walk. And as a our guide said yesterday 'Feet in NYC are for getting places'
bubble_50	My #1 requirement is cleanliness and this place met and exceeded my expectations!  The room was spacious (way more than I anticipated based on my other NYC experiences and "trick photography").  The late night staff, John and Jimmy were friendly and welcoming.  We will definitely stay here again if they have the availability.   Would love to get one of those rooms with the patio next time.
bubble_50	A clean, efficient and well-located hotel across from Columbus Park between Chinatown and City Hall, the Hotel Mulberry met all of our needs.  We liked the idea of a power saving hotel in which lights are turned off when you take your key from the room.  Our room was small but arranged so that there appeared to be more space than there probably was.  Very comfortable with a great king sized bed, dresser, two side tables, a desk and chair, and a large closet.  Bathroom was spotless and well-supplied.  The location in Chinatown was perfect with a short walk to stores, restaurants in Chinatown and in Little Italy.  The staff was friendly, efficient and very helpful.  A complementary breakfast was available at Mamas Eatery, just a couple of doors down from the hotel.  We will
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here Tues-Friday nights. We try to travel economically. Total including all taxes for four nights was $1350. We are in our early 60s. First, I have to agree with other posters, size wise this room is very large compared to any weve stayed in in NYC. Very comfortable bed! Perfect bathroom with wonderful shower pressure. Very quiet at night, as in we live in very quiet suberbia and it was that quiet!!   Breakfast voucher each morning gets you to Mamas restaurant 4 doors down. 6 breakfast choices. My husband and I were happy with our food each morning. Sit down dining with food delivered to your table. Notice all the NYPD detectives and police officers dining around you. Police station is across the way.   My favorite aspect was our very large balcony
bubble_50	Chose to return to the hotel mulberry as I stayed there with my son two years ago. Fantastic location for sightseeing... in a real neighbourhood. Views from hotel rooms are quite simply the best. Rooms are immaculately clean and the breakfast at Mama's eatery a few doors down is quirky and fresh. Staff at the Mulberry are welcoming helpful and kind. Thank you... Highly recommended.
bubble_50	Clean, huge rooms, made to order FREE breakfast, Perfect customer service and walking distance to all your foodie spots in Chinatown. Our new go to spot when we stay in the city. Thanks to the superior staff at Hotel Mulberry!
bubble_40	Stayed at this hotel for two nights. Decor is a bit tired but this is more than compensated for by the amazing staff who go out their way to be helpful. Location is spot on with many attractions within walking distance. Decent enough breakfast served in a cafe next door. Great shower and large comfortable bed. Would definitely use again.
bubble_50	Excellent experience, Perfect room , clean as the Ritz at very reasonable rates. Staff was their 24/7. Don't miss this Gem of  place . Has nice business center for printing out boarding passes etc. The surrounding Chinatown / Financial and Government Districts and  Little Italy ( where their are no Italians ) are easy to access walking !
bubble_50	I really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Mulberry.  The hotel was in walking distance of many great restaurants, bus stops, etc.  The room was large, clean and quiet.  I read reviews about a nice breakfast that was serviced a couple doors down, but the restaurant was closed for Labor Day.  The hotel still made every effort to treat guests to a breakfast in the lobby, which was appreciated!  I would definitely recommend!  Thanks for a great stay!
bubble_50	From the moment we stepped through the doors to drop off our luggage we were made feel right at home by the helpful reception staff. The luggage storage was safe and secure.  We returned separately later that day and retrieved our stuff with return tags.   The room itself was far beyond what either of us could have dreamed of especially at the price paid for it.   A huge king size double bed dominated the room . Housekeeping does an excellent job as it was cleaner than many a 4 star hotel I've stayed in. The bathroom featured a combi bath and shower and was also very clean. The whole aesthetic was clean and fresh.   The bed though was truly an experience. There was so much space we found ourselves migrating around it for much of the night. At no point during our nocturnal
bubble_30	I stayed here for one night for a dear girlfriend's bachelorette party. The maid of honor said the front desk gave us a larger room to accommodate all the ladies. When we needed scissors to decorate the room for the bride the front desk lent us theirs, when we needed safety pins for a wardrobe malfunction the front desk brought some up. The room was clean and quiet. It's quite large by Manhattan standards.  I somehow woke up early and walked around to a coffee shop by the hotel. By the time I got back from my walk the front desk had croissants, instant noodles, cookies, juice, and brewed coffee out. There is a seating area in the lobby. When the rest of the ladies were ready for lunch we just left our bags with the front, checked out, and went to Grey Dog Cafe for brunch. To sum
bubble_50	We have stayed in several hotels and AirBnBs in NYC so we generally know what to expect: small rooms with no place to put our stuff!  However, that was not the case at Hotel Mulberry - indeed, after reading some reviews here that the rooms were larger than average, we were cautiously optimistic about our stay, which included more than 6 suitcases and 3 people, as we were moving our child into her dorm at NYU, which was just a few blocks away.  To say we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room is an understatement. We were on the 6th floor, which only had 3 guest rooms, and felt like the room was positively palatial by NYC hotel standards.  The bed & pillows were more comfortable than the ones we have at home, and the towels were insanely soft!  The room also had a
bubble_50	We arrived here for a long weekend in NYC.  To our surprise we were shown to a room with THREE queen size beds!  What a treat.  the room was spacious, overlooking the adjacent park, and in walking distance to the FiDi attractions.  Staff and front desk personnel were top notch.  What a fabulous find in NYC!
bubble_50	All perfect! very good service and staff, clean room with 3 queen confortable beds, breakfast in 50m near eatery. Good position in Chinatown at 10 minutes from the Subway station. Prices aligned with quality.
bubble_50	We loved Hotel Mulberry!  We arrived late at night and were met by a very friendly employee. All employees we encountered had big smiles and were ready to help with any questions. The room was amazing! The beds were incredibly comfortable and there was no street noise that led to three nights of peaceful sleep. The bathroom was gorgeous and so clean! The price included breakfast for two. We received vouchers to a restaurant a few doors down. Parking was a bit less convenient as we reserved too late for the parking garage next door. (We ended up at a lot about a five minute walk away.) We loved the convenience of the Chinatown location, the shopping and the food we found there. We will definitely return! Thanks for making our stay so great!
bubble_50	Okay, you will be in the middle of Chinatown. Maybe that location isn't for everyone, but we loved it. There were both families and professionals staying here when we were here for four nights in July, 2018. The room was clean, the bathroom was spacious, and the front desk staff were friendly and helpful. The free breakfast was a big selling point for us, and it was fine. A typical breakfast but plenty of food. The price of this place just couldn't be beat. It is a short 2-3 block walk to the Canal St subway station. Close to good restaurants in Chinatown and Little Italy. (We loved Casa Bella on Mulberry).
bubble_50	First time to come to this hotel and wouldnt be the last! The place is so comfy and the staff meets you at all time with a lovely smile from the time you check in until your check out. Its in the mid of every where and the subway station Canal St.) is 10 min walk between massive numbers of stores in China town. Many thanks Hotel Mulberry team you made me feel home.
bubble_50	The staff was really friendly!! The room was really comfortable and had the essential amentities and mini fridge!! The walls were a little scuffed up in places and there were bleach stains on the comforter, but the room was clean. They also had a really nice spread for breakfast; muffins, cakes, yogurt, and more.
bubble_50	Booked a double queen room for 3 of us and told my nephew NY hotel rooms are tiny....what a surprise to walk into a 3 queen bed room! It was huge! All on Reception were lovely, helpful, genuine. The hotel is deceptively larger than it appears at it's front entrance. Clean and comfortable. No complaints!
bubble_40	We have stayed right in Times Square and at the Waldorf Astoria previously, and wanted to experience a bit more of the city. I found this place online which seemed to have mostly good reviews so thought we'd give it a try for 3 nights. Not a great impression when you drive up to the place. Very small frontage on a one way street with no parking. However, once inside the staff were very friendly and we were given a nice room up high with a view over the adjacent park. Very well situated for walking around Chinatown and Little Italy right on Mulberry Street.
bubble_50	The location was great, across from Columbus Park.  We had a beautiful view of the park and could watch people playing games there.  The room was very clean and well equipped.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  We loved our stay.
bubble_50	Our room was spacious, spotless and reasonably priced. Mattress was so good I wanted to take it home with me but couldn't fit it in my suitcase. Fresh, new linens, updated everything. Owners are very dedicated to making this small hotel on the edge of Chinatown (a clean, safe and fascinating ethnic neighborhood) a welcoming, personalized experience. When we had a minor problem on our last day, the manager was at our door within minutes and the concern was quickly solved. Breakfast coupon good at Mama's, just five doors down, which gave us another opportunity to explore this fun location. We will be back!
bubble_50	After reading reviews of some Ny Hotels and how small the rooms are I was surprised and delighted on my first trip to New York to find our room in Hotel Mulberry nice and roomy with a spacious bathroom. Everything we needed in the room from tea/coffee to iron and safe. Bed very comfy. Breakfast was three doors down in a great cafe with friendly atmosphere. The park across the road from the hotel had morning tai chi and impromptu Chinese music sessions in the evening. Great vibe.
bubble_50	A very welcoming hotel in an ideal location.  Room was clean with a great view of Columbus Park.  The staff were efficient and helpful including the facility to store bags during the day.  The breakfast deal was just right.
bubble_50	This is a really nice hotel. Very friendly staff who went out of their way to help and to chat. Breakfast is at a nice little caf down the road (it's a set menu that is complimentary but you can buy extra things too). Our city view of skyscrapers was superb (10th floor). Mulberry Street is also really interesting. The only things that would improve this hotel high-class would be some hooks for coats in the room, and using proper glasses and cups rather than plastic. Also the air conditioning doesn't really switch off which is weird.
bubble_20	The hotel was adequate and clean with super comfy beds.  Although perhaps in need of some refurbishment. Also is misleading to say that this is B&B - as they only provide for 2 people in each room. Luckily we spotted this before we arrived and it was resolved in time for our trip. Staff in general were lovely with the exception of the manager Eddie.  This hotel was paid for in full several months before we arrived. When we arrived we were asked to show the credit card that we used to pay which was in my name.  However I hadnt brought it. However we did provide them with my passport to prove who I was and left another cards details for incidentals etc. I felt the request was completely unnecessary and a rediculous policy much like the 2 person max B&B rule. Then one evening they
bubble_50	What a great find!  We were there to attend a 3 day class near the federal buildings.  This was the closest hotel.  It offered free breakfast, which can be hard to find in NYC. I was VERY PLEASED with this choice!  Its a sweet boutique hotel, there were only about 5-6 rooms in our floor.  The door opened to a little hall, then we entered a larger than normal sized hotel room that overlooked a park. The beds were very comfortable and high quality.  The staff was very outstanding and helpful!  I appreciated all the advice they gave us.  The morning breakfast is a couple doors down at Mamas, where there was about 6 breakfast meal options that were each hot and filling. It is on the edge of Chinatown and t was easy to find good food, (10 BelowThai rolled ice cream!!) plus Little
bubble_50	A fantastic hotel situated in China town, rooms exceptionally clean, staff fantastic, a bit of a trek on the Subway to midtown etc but not really an issue.   The area is an eye opener, the Chinese community are all around you and lots of shops to visit if you love the Chinese way of life  Would certainly come back here
bubble_40	My family and  stayed at the hotel Mulberry. The staff were very nice. The beds extremely comfortable. The hotel was clean. The location is pretty good for the price, as there are several subways close by. We did not love the breakfast but it is a hot breakfast, so that is good.
bubble_20	The hotel was okay, clean could hear the people in the next room over in their bathroom, but we werent in the room much so it wasnt a huge deal. It was in Chinatown which we were not aware of when booking so parking is somewhat hard.  Room was clean, beds were sleepable.  The problem we had was that we booked 4 adults and on the reservation it said complimentary breakfast for 2, quantity 4.  So we assumed that meant breakfast for all 4.  But was informed that it was only 2, and when we showed the reservation just got the run around.  Then to top it off the breakfast for Sunday is at a Chinese place a couple fronts down...and it wasnt great, actually it was kinda like cardboard.
bubble_50	We wanted a hotel that was affordable, yet in the heart of the city. The location was great- in Chinatown and a ten minute walk to Little Italy and about the same to the subway. The room was small, but clean and had everything we needed. There were only four rooms on our floor, so there was no noise. The view of the park across the street was nice and the staff were great. They directed us to some amazing Mom and Pop local restaurants that had the best and cheapest food!  The complimentary breakfast next door was meh.  Overall, a great visit!
bubble_50	This well-run Chinatown hotel is perfect for exploring lower Manhattan without spending a fortune, or for jury duty without a very early morning trip.  The staff is competent and friendly (Steven was especially helpful).  My room was plain but very clean, with all the usual amenities, including refrigerator and small safe.  The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was quite luxurious, with high-quality bath products and a good hair dryer.  Light sleepers may be bothered by the sounds of the heavy metal doors and high-efficiency toilets. I booked months in advance and the prices were high, but those with more flexible plans can get a very good rate, especially for Manhattan. Breakfast vouchers were for the modest all-day restaurant Mama Eatery a few doors away. The food  (not
bubble_50	We stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks, Location is excellent, near to restaurants and shops  Service from the staffs are excellent. Offers great breakfast and laundry service just in the neighborhood. Most importantly the rooms are clean and spacious.
bubble_40	Stayed here for a long weekend. Got a really good deal thru booking.com. Best hotel bed I've ever slept on. And the pillows and comforter were great as well. Not anything fancy, but a wonderful place to stay if your exploring lower manhattan. The only negative was the walls could use a new coat of paint.  And it's several blocks from the nearest subway. Definitely one of the better values in manhattan. Picture is a view from our room!
bubble_40	Having a private balcony more than made up for how small the room was. We really made use of the private roof top balcony. This hotel is very conveniently located to both Little Italy and Chinatown. We also enjoyed an easy walk to Battery Park & the September 11 memorial. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were nice.
bubble_50	Great little find on the edge of Chinatown.  Located on a small side street it helped lesson the normal city noise.  Surprisingly large rooms for a NYC hotel.  Wonderful staff and very clean.  The complimentary breakfast served a few doors down was decent and more than I would normally consume in the morning.
bubble_50	This is a lovely, quiet and clean boutique hotel in China Town. City view rooms are very nice. The location is not far from tbe subway station. Great get away spot for couples. Rooms are small, but tbe beds are comfortable.
bubble_40	Nice hotel in Chinatown. Very Clean and beds were very comfortable. Nice little neighborhood park across the street. Good food at restaurant on the street vouchers. A little far from the subway but never felt like it was not safe and so close to Little Italy and short walk to the restaurants and bakeries there.
bubble_50	We were impressed with location, check in and be able to leave the bags hours before the offical check in was great. They brought them to our room. Very clean. Will stay again if in the city.Very happy
bubble_50	We have just returned from a 6 night stay in the Hotel Mulberry. The staff were so lovely really friendly and helpful. The room was on the 11th floor with spectacular views of the one world observatory freedom tower. The room itself had 2 large beds with wardrobe, tv, fridge and chairs. Shower was powerful and really nice and hot. From our room we would watch the local people every morning doing their tai chi or playing basketball or even having a little sing song. Nearest subway is on canal street. Yeah you have to walk by all of the sellers trying to get you to buy a fake bag but a polite no thank you is all it takes.  Brooklyn bridge isn't too far away and is one of the best things you will do for free. It is both iconic and breathtaking
bubble_30	The hotel is clean and in a good location.  We stayed for 3 nights and didn't have any issues.  Our 11th floor room had a wonderful view.  My review is pretty much like all of the others.  There was a frig in the room, room size was pretty small (but normal for NYC), 2 free bottles of water for the first night only (we were a little irritated at that), there was a electric water kettle with instant coffee and tea bags.  We loved the area but it's not for everyone... we never felt unsafe.  15 min walk to 9/11 Memorial/Museum
bubble_10	We stayed at the Hotel Mulberry the weekend of the 2017 NYC Marathon. Everything was fine until four hours after we checked out on November 7th. Then we got a phone call from a Steven who said he was the manager and who claimed he was missing an ice bucket and threatened to charge us for it. He harangued us on our car phone for nearly 30 minutes and made our four night experience into a nightmare. He threatened to charge us for the missing ice bucket and said it was in "our contract." I don't need an ice bucket and would never take anything from a hotel room and have no need. Very upsetting and still waiting to see if they dare add it to my hotel invoice.
bubble_30	Rooms clean and tidy nothing special. Staff polite and helpful. Breakfast was from a cafe four doors down which isn't a problem except food was very disappointing so chose not to use it every day. Little Italy is close by with some lovely restaurants. Chinatown is bustling throughout out the day but the walk to hotel at night is dark and you may feel vunerable. Lovely walk to close by attractions including Brooklyn bridge, 9/11 memorial and world trade centre.
bubble_40	Stayed three nights. Clean place, polite staff, fast elevator, loved two free bottles of water for first night. Would have appreciated more than one bar of soap, and they did not have access to toothpaste, which Id forgotten.  Im not a big traveler, so I was surprised to have to keep the room key in a wall slot in order to keep electricity on. Maybe thats a common featureId never seen it before.  Clean bathroom, bed was nice, but stains on spread gave bad impression (didn't feel dirty, just off-putting).  Handy refrigerator for all the goodies in the neighborhood.  Eleventh floor King room, very quiet all night, though tried to take a nap on Friday afternoon btween 1 and 3 pm and there was a CONSTANT stream of slamming and banging doorsdont know if it was other guests
bubble_20	We stayed here for the presidents cup golf tournament.  They advertise free American breakfast - fine print " except on Sunday "  which is off course when we were there !   They throw a few muffins together on Sundays.   Yes it is in Chinatown which is  dry " sketchy" and dirty.   You could literally not " swing a cat" in our room.   If I was not so slim I could not of shimmied my way into bed!  Fund somewhere else!!!
bubble_50	It's located on a surprisingly quiet part of Mulberry Street. It's around the corner from Wo Hop and down the street from Little Italy. It's close to the subway and near the Freedom Tower. My room on the 11th floor had a great view of Lower Manhattan. The room was larger than most of the rooms in the area and was clean and modern. Breakfast is included at a cafe 4 doors down but I didn't bother as I preferred taking a nice walk down to Russ & Daughters. This hotel is a nice find.
bubble_40	From the outside, this hotel in Chinatown doesn't look like much. In fact, you might miss it if you weren't looking for it. As soon as you walk in, though, you can tell it's well-kept. The lobby is small, but the staff are friendly. We arrived very early (10AM), and they carted our bags away to be kept until our later check-in. When we returned, they delivered them to our room.   The room was perfect! The beds had thick, comfortable mattresses, not hard like most hotels. The duvets were also thick and cozy. Temperature controls are in the room. I was pleasantly surprised to find a minibar fridge in the hutch under the TV, perfect for keeping leftovers or chilling water. There was a desk and a small seating area with two large chairs and a small coffee table, as well as three
bubble_40	We were here to tour downtown NYC, particularly the WTC museum and memorial. It is interesting to stay i Chinatown, although they post it as Little Italy, which really has become so little. Our room faced Columbus Park and in the morning I could hear the seniors singing kerioki, which was charming. This is a lovely park to walk through. We were close to a lot of the NYC government buildings. I did not want to stay midtown and not in Times Square. .We had to walk 4 doors down in the morning for breakfast, there is no restaurant in the hotel. I really didn't mind that. I did mind at the end of our breakfast a rude waitress rushed us out of our seats because she had a line. Not nice.
bubble_40	The hotel is in the heart of Chinatown near the border with Little Italy and within an easy walk of several subway lines on Canal Street. Our 10th-floor room was spacious, clean and updated. It had a modern bathroom, a small fridge, a large bed (king?) and best of all a fantastic view of the Freedom Tower and other buildings of the Lower Manhattan skyline. The room was quiet (there's a park in front of the hotel). It took a bit of fiddling to get the AC/heating system to do what we wanted, but in the end it worked just fine. The only downside to the room (it's a small one) was the lack of an easy chair, though there was a desk. Breakfast and wifi were included in the room. The wifi was fast enough. Breakfast is served in a small restaurant a few doors away. Limited selection but
bubble_40	I stayed here in January and had a GREAT experience. Staff is very nice and keeps both the lobby and the rooms very clean. The rooms are quite small, but what do you need room for? If I had wanted to do some exercises, there would have been enough room. The beds were large and comfy, the bathroom amenities were of a great brand, and towels were fluffy. One of the best parts was that breakfast was included from the restaurant next door and it was GOOD. The hotel was quiet- didn't hear other people in the hotel or outside on the street. The hotel is sort of hidden in that it is not right in the open, which is kind of nice. I really liked that it is in Chinatown. It was so fun looking at all the stores, plus Chinatown is so close to everything I want to spend my time on- shopping,
bubble_40	This hotel is located right opposite Colombus Park, so you get to watch and listen to the all-day experience of Chinatown.  From the moment the sun comes up, there are people practicing tai-chi and playing basketball and this changes into board and card games from mid-morning to night, with the musicians and singers starting around lunchtime.  The atmospheric streets of Chinatown are all around you.  The hotel is nice, clean and comfortable.  The shower was powerful and the bed was very springy.  The room was massive for New York.  The staff were super friendly and helpful and very apologetic when the elevator broke down for the evening.  The breakfast was included and consisted of a nice meal at a restaurant a few doors down the street; choice of eggs, pancakes, waffles,
bubble_50	Beautiful, clean, and comfortable hotel. Rooms are exceptionally nice. Location is okay for this trip; near financial and battery park. Hotel is close to subway, but it is easy to get lost in lower Manhattan, as the streets are not in a grid, and are not numbered.
bubble_30	It's a very boutique-y hotel.  With that said, 4 rooms per floor and you know when all your neighbors are back from their nights out because there aren't any carpets in the halls (read echoes & loud).   Sheets/beds/linens were clean, walls were marked up & clearly missing artwork.   Would not stay again with family.  It wouldn't work
bubble_50	The room & bathroom were very clean. The bathroom looked like it was renovated not too long ago. Perfect walking distance to Federal Building. Night we checked in was rainy there was a bin of umbrellas at the door. Coffee was fresh & hot each morning in the lobby. Breakfast was included at a restaurant a couple of doors down. That was also good. I was in NY for work. They stored my bag after check out which was extremely helpful so I didn't have to take it with me for my last day of training. I would definitely stay here again work or pleasure.
bubble_20	But then again this is New York City. Location is spot on if you want to be in the heart of China Town ( smelly. Dirty streets) and Little Italy ( great restaurants a lot cleaner). Our "suite" was a somewhat small room ( queen bed) and two chairs  Room was clean but even being on the 13 floor you can hear people and activity from the street and people getting off the elevator  There was a continental breakfast ( bagels some coffee buns and coffee). No bar or restaurant or even a snack place Room cost almost $400 per night  Would much prefer to stay in a better mid town hotel and Uber to Little Italy
bubble_50	Really enjoyed my stay!  This was a fantastic hotel.  It's the perfect location, great staff, and a yummy breakfast!! The hotel is also very neat. It's well kept. Also it very peaceful and the area seemed fairly nice.  We were able to walk around with no worries.  Next time I'm here, I'm coming back!
bubble_50	In the real estate game they say .  .  .  'location, location, location!'  Well,on a recent business trip we picked this hotel for its great location -- one block from the federal courthouse where we have to be tomorrow.   Small clean boutique hotel with easy access to all state & federal courts in the vicinity of Foley Square.  Clean and modern. Friendly young staff.  A real find and within walking distance of some good choices for dinner in both Little Italy & Chinatown.  Will stay here again!!
bubble_50	I am so glad we found this hotel! It was absolutely perfect the room was huge (there were four of us) and clean and updated. The shower had all the hot water you could use and great water pressure! It is directly across the street from a little park and right in the center of all kinds of restaurants and shops.  All of the staff were extremely helpful including ideas for attractions and restaurants. One staff member helped us find a little known arcade out of the way that was the perfect way to waste the last few hours while we were waiting for our flight home. I can't recommend it highly enough!
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry is located at Chinatown New York City! Walking distance as well from Little Italy too! The hotel is pretty safe as the Police officers are majority at the Mama Eatery ( this is where you get the complimentary breakfast!)  Hotel is also walking distance from the big bus tours stop so its very convenient going to uptown and downtown and other tourist attractions!   Staying only 1 week in New York City wasnt enough to see al attractions though so we will be coming back and will make sure to keep Mulberry in our options!
bubble_20	They had a friendly staff but lack of experinace, I liked the location of  this property. Other than that everything is poor, starting form the cleaning and the bed sheets and ending with restaurant for the breakfast.
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry is a find! Clean, large, nicely decorated room with wall of windows and beautiful light and view across Park to surrounding buildings, including Freedom Tower. Attractive modern bathroom with excellent shower, good towels and nice toiletries. Very comfortable beds and pillows. Nice sitting area. Good free breakfast at cute restaurant a few doors down. Short walk to Brooklyn Bridge and South Street Seaport. An excellent place to stay to explore a different area of New York.
bubble_40	Four family members spent four nights of our Northeast vacation at Hotel Mulberry.  It was our first trip ever to New York City, so we were unsure what to expect.  We knew to expect a small hotel room in the City and found our room smaller than most of the hotels we had stayed in, but it was not uncomfortable at all.  The four of us, with all our luggage, fit, but had to leave some luggage on the floor.  Our room had two queen beds and we slept well on them.  The room was very clean when we arrived and was taken care of daily by housekeeping.  Since we drove to New York, it was nice that there was a parking garage just a few doors down to park our vehicle for the duration of our trip.  We stayed on the 10th floor and had a nice view of a park beneath us and the skyline,
bubble_20	Would have given 4-5 stars but they did not clean our room for our second night! No cleaning service to our bathroom, bed, or anything. I'm not sure if that is their policy for consecutive night stays or they just dropped the ball. Otherwise, the front desk is very nice. The room is quite good for the price which is very fair for NY. They provide free breakfast vouchers (up to 2) to a place right beside the hotel. However, I found the pillow to be extremely uncomfortable to sleep on.
bubble_40	I stayed here on a Friday night with my husband, son and his girlfriend. I saw a side of NYC that I have never seen. The neighborhood had a fabulous sense of community. The location was great in Chinatown and a short walk to little Italy. The room was clean, the staff was polite, welcoming and helpful. We found a patio in the back of the second floor which was a great place for morning coffee provided by the hotel.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Hotel Mulberry is a real gem, located in Chinatown. Staff were friendly, efficient and accomodating to our numerous requests. The room was spacious and clean, and towels were lovely. We also enjoyed the complimentary breakfast at Mama Eatery next door! Laundromat was conveniently close by.
bubble_50	Spent two nights in NYC and stayed at Hotel Mulberry.   They held our luggage as we explored the city before checkin.  We parked a couple doors down.  They were not going to let me in, then I mentioned hotel mulberry and they took my car.   If you do not park there it may be difficult to find a spot.   I think you can reserve the lot online, that may be the best way to go.   Hotel was clean and the shower was hot.  We also went to the complementary breakfast both days and were pleased.   Would definitely stay here again if in NYC. Ask if you can have a park view room.
bubble_50	Outside of Hotel Mulberry it is full effect  New York New York. Located in Chinatown you were literally three blocks from Little Italy and some of the finest dining  anywhere. That does not necessarily mean you have to go to a white linen restaurant, it can be found anywhere.   Our room at Hotel Mulberry was comfortable although a little small. Great for one person traveling as I was for two nights then was joined by my husband for the third and that's when I got a little cramped. But that would not stop me from staying here at this great Hotel. There's not a restaurant at the hotel but they have coupons for complementary breakfast at a restaurant three doors down which is just wonderfully amazing.  The front desk staff is just as polite and wonderful as you would hope and I can
bubble_40	The hotel mulberry is located right by China Town and little Italy so there are Tons of choices for GREAT eats right out the front door.  It's walking distance to the Brooklyn bridge, world trade 1, wall street to name a few.  The rooms are nice, very clean and the beds are good quality and comfortable.    I was on holiday with friends and hotel mulberry was perfect for my needs, didn't use any business center ameneties.  I would recommend this hotel to friends and family and even to you!  I will definitely book here again.
bubble_50	This is a very comfortable hotel located in the heart of Chinatown. Right across the street from a wonderful community park and two blocks from Little Italy. This location is within walking distance of anywhere in lower Manhattan. There is a parking garage two doors down and multiple dumpling shops on the block. We didn't spend much time in room. But it was small comfortable and clean. The staff was friendly and the clientele international. Great place to stay if planning a trip to NYC.
bubble_40	Stayed for 2 days here solo. Visiting family. Easy access to subway and eating areas. Clean and friendly staff. Full breakfast a few doors down. Coffee, fridge and water in room. Quiet. Park across the street. Very reasonable.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Hotel Mulberry for 4 nights in May.   The hotel is situated in ChinaTown about 3 blocks from Little Italy, so finding good food options was easy. There's a nice convenience store just around the corner too. Nice view of the Freedom Tower from our window.  The Brooklyn Bridge is only about a 7 minute walk away.  Subway about 7 mins too.  The hotel staff is really friendly and helpful, always willing to help with directions and offering recommendations.  The room was clean and tasteful although a bit small but this is NYC in general. The Wifi could be poor at times.  Overall, if you want a reasonably priced room, good service, good location and can live with a couple minor negatives, the Hotel Mulberry is a good choice.
bubble_50	The staff was so helpful, always available. The room was spacious (double queen). It was hard to find a room in New York with queen beds. The entire place was clean and updated. I would recommend this if the location is convenient for what you want to do. It is right across the street from a nice park, and there are lots of restaurants and bakeries nearby. The breakfast provided at the restaurant nearby is good too (American breakfast though).
bubble_50	Stayed for the long weekend in April. First time in New York and everything was great. The room was nice and clean, the bed very comfy , everyday we got our complementary breakfast at Mama Eatery two doors down. Next to the hotel is the Colombus Park, nice if you're staying with your kids. The only thing down here is the WIFI, was very slow but gave us more family time. I highly recommend that hotel in Chinatown .
bubble_40	I almost wish that I hadn't read so many glowing reviews about Hotel Mulberry, because my expectations were too high. I noticed every little thing that was amiss -- like stains on the sheets, other people's hair in our shower, other people's hair on our towels, thin walls, etc. I had to shift my expectations some. Overall our stay was fantastic. We loved the neighborhood, the size of the room, the satellite TV, our city view, the restaurant around the corner where we could use our 2 free breakfast vouchers, and the kind young men at the reception desk. I wish we would have been warned beforehand that the Wi-Fi had been out for over a month, because the free Wi-Fi was a big draw for us; so that was really a shame to not have access to it at all.
bubble_40	Stayed for a week as they offered free wi-fi and it was new for us to stay in Chinatown. It was really nice. We had a city view room without a balcony. Room was clean, no bugs. Not anything fancy but we don't need fancy. Internet was down the entire week but if you have TWC there is a broadcasting signal there. It was very quiet as we were on the 11th floor and able to sleep with the window open. They also offered free apples which the kids enjoyed. No restaurant at the hotel but Mama Eatery for the complimentary breakfast is like 2 doors down. Next to the hotel is also Sun Park laundromat.
bubble_50	My sisters and I took our 86 year mother to New York for the weekend to see a show and be tourists. I found this amazing hotel here on TA and booked it as the price seemed too good to be true. Queen sized beds AND free breakfast for 2!!! We arrived a few hours before check-in and were allowed to go to our room and leave our bags but I do believe you can leave them somewhere with desk clerk if the room isn't ready. The room was large for NYC standards,clean and just lovely, with a view of Columbus Park. The beds were so comfortable and the shower... could have staying in there for hours. There was a table and 2 chairs,a desk with a chair and bedside tables on all sides of the beds! Very impressive. Also the windows open,another plus as far as I'm concerned. The breakfast was
bubble_50	We had five nights in Hotel Mulberry in February and had a great stay. We booked a deluxe room (at wheat we thought was a rally good rate) and were pleasantly surprised at how big it was! Decent bed, big wardrobe, a desk and really good size bathroom. The hotel was in a great spot, near various subway stations, but also very quiet. The free breakfast in mama's cafe was an unexpected bonus and a great way to start the day. The staff were also polite and really helpful. Only downside for us was that there wasn't a bar in the hotel but that didn't really bother us on this trip because we were out so much. To anyone wondering whether to give Hotel Mulberry a shot, I would say 'yes, definitely'.
bubble_50	It's a small hotel in a great location!  There were only four rooms on our floor.  We were on the eighth floor, overlooking the park with a beautiful view of the Freedom Tower.  The room was small, but had everything we needed and everything was clean.  The bed was pretty comfortable, but the room never really cooled down to where we wanted it.  Stephen worked the desk at night and was so helpful in recommending restaurants and giving us directions in Chinatown.  Nice guy, and didn't steer us wrong once- thank you!  The free breakfast in the morning was four doors down at MaMa.  Comp. breakfast customers get a very limited menu, and the food wasn't that great.  Three mornings in a row they didn't have hash browns, so they gave you french fries!  However, the hotel is great!
bubble_40	It's hard to find a reasonably priced hotel in early December in manhattan. The Mulberry fit our needs. Not big, not fancy but comfortable, clean, and a good location. Breakfast down the street worked well for us, nice to have that included.
bubble_50	This quaint hotel off the bustling streets of mulberry is quite a catch. I was impressed with the dcor the quietness of the hotel and it is walking distance with in a lot of really cool hidden treasures. My husband and I needed an escape from life. With four kids and busy jobs sometimes it is hard to find a decent price in the big city. This place was reasonable, offers a free breakfast. My husband and I needed an umbrella and it was nothing for them to accommodate us. We missed our first night and the hotel was able to work with us keeping us in the same room and gave the next night at a discount. I was very pleased and look forward to going back there in a couple of weeks.
bubble_40	The room is large compared to average for price of 140. It doesn't have strong smell inside the hotel. There is a funeral house next to the hotel. The breakfast is for free for the first 2 person in each room (even book for more people, the breakfast is still for 2 person). It is not buffet. There is several choices: pancake, waffle, etc.. Only one coffee or tea, no refill. The amount was small. I was half full after finished mine... and I'm a tiiny girl. The room was relatively clean. They only provide one soap for us. Our room was connected to the neighbor one through a two-door. It is a little bit loud as we can hear their TV. But the street was relatively quite. We stayed in winter. The room was warm. We had a morning flight and booked a taxi with them. It was $58 + tips.
bubble_40	The location is ok, 2 minutes from the subway, 3 express stations to Times Square. Our room was clean, especially the bathroom. The included breakfast is at a nearby small restaurant but the menu is quite limited. The AC inside the room makes a lot of noise.
bubble_50	Stayed here with my wife and two sons under 10 years old. Requested a city view room and it is exactly what we got. Had a spectacular view of the Freedom Tower..I slept with the windows open and the blinds drawn to take in the sights, sounds, and smell each time I turned over in my sleep. Location is perfect! Across the street from Columbus Park where residents did yoga each morning and played table games in the afternoon. This hotel is in the heart of Chinatown and two blocks from Little Italy. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were nice sized for a hotel in Manhattan. The showers were awesome too! The price was extremely reasonable. Breakfast vouchers were also offered for two guests for a restaurant next door. Rooms have mini-fridges.
bubble_50	Charming little hotel. Clean rooms, very comfortable bed, good wifi . Only slight drawback was that breakfast is served in a little restaurant close but outside the hotel. But it was hot food. Coffee not so good. Very friendly and helpful staff.
bubble_50	We love staying in the lower east side but especially in China Town. This hotel is great. The room is perfect. Bed is comfortable. The staff is very helpful and accommodating. This is the second time we have stayed here. The hotel is very centrally located. Will be back!
bubble_50	Overlooking Columbia Park where Chinatowners do their calesthetics silently- this 100 room hotel is unbelievabley quiet, spotlessly clean, great beds, has reasonably sized rooms and even full breakfast. Being real close to both Chinatown and Little Italy you'd have to stay years to do all the restaurants. For NYC it's reasonably priced, and you feel you're not paying for boutiquey gimmicks.
bubble_40	I was expecting a tiny little room in this Chinatown hotel.  We were pleasantly surprised by how much space we had, the 4 of us were very comfortable in this updated, clean room.  We even had a pretty nice view, with the new World Trade Center and everything!  We didn't have to deal with the management much, but they were very nice and always friendly when we entered the lobby.  It's by no means a swanky hotel, but it's super functional and in a pretty cool location, fairly near a couple different subway stations and really close to Chinatown and little Italy.    I huge plus is the breakfast... I wasn't even expecting a nyc hotel to have a free breakfast, but this kicks it up a notch with a menu-driven breakfast at a restaurant a few doors down.  If you are staying multiple
bubble_40	Quirky little place in Chinatown across from the courts building.  We had a view of the Freedom Tower.  Room was very clean.  Beds very comfortable.  Bathroom was modern and updated with great water pressure.  The lobby was modern and well appointed.  Coffee in the morning and fruit available all day.  Desk clerks were nice and very helpful.  Older place located in Chinatown and within walking distance of many restaurants and Little Italy.  Canal St subway station is 4 blocks away.  Rooms are very small, but large enough for 2 double beds, 3 bedside chests, a dresser with mini fridge, and a small desk and chair.  Room safe worked well.  It was a great value for the price.  We felt completely safe and were very comfortable.  Recommend highly.
bubble_50	The room was excellent! We got the queen double city view room. We were on the 6th floor and had an excellent view of the park across the street. It was excellent to see the activities there, including music, thai chi, and card playing. It was beautiful to experience.  The room was clean, tidy, warm, and secure. The only downside to the room is they only offered us 2 bottles of water for a 4 night stay. Obviously for 3 people, for 4 nights that was not enough, but this did not hinder our stay.   This hotel is close to the subway, about a 10 minute walk, and we felt safe even at night walking. This location is close to the financial district, about a 10 minute uber, and a 15-20 minute walk depending on where you were going. There are great AUTHENTIC Chinese restaurants, boba tea
bubble_50	The room was large,comfortable, clean and well appointed; the location was convenient to subways; and it was very QUIET! We were on the 3rd floor on the street and were amazed what little noise we heard - which is one of the most important issues in our hotel choices.
bubble_30	The hotel is good value for money and for Manhattan it is also spacious rooms. The location is OK, but could of course be better. Area feels safe, even though it is a bit dodgy at night.  The highlight of the hotel is by far the breakfast that is served in a close-by restaurant. Very rich and tasty, even though you had to select from set menues. Front desk staff was very friendly and took their time to help with everything that we asked for.  The facility was not great. Walls were very thin which was a bit annoying when having the room next to a family(?) with 2-3 giggling children making noise in the evenings. 2 out of 3 vending machines were out of order and closest convenience store five minutes away.  I would consider staying here again, given that hotels in NYC is usually
bubble_50	Excellent in every way, staff very polite and helpful-even called a taxi for us. The room was beautiful. Very clean. Very comfortable beds. Great location. Free breakfast was very good. Very happy with our choice. Would definitely stay again. Excellent!  RoseMarie
bubble_40	Found this hotel on the way to NYC on a booking site. Took a chance and were very glad we did. Stayed for two nights. Friendly staff, clean comfortable room, decent size for an NYC room, great bath products. 5 minute walk to subway and Chinatown and little Italy at your doorstep. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	The benefits of Hotel Mulberry - Living in a quiet swamp, quiet is important to us. Hotel Mulberry is across the street from something like a park that is also a living room with Chinese musicians, games and sports. The hotel overlooks the Freedom Tower. It is on the same block as two Chinese funeral homes which adds to the quiet. Little Italy borders Chinatown near the hotel. We enjoy the full breakfast included in the room rate.
bubble_40	Room was very nice but it's the terrace that makes this place special. If only they could add some decent furniture where one could relax, read, take a nap, etc. out on the terrace. Location makes Chinatown and Little Italy an enjoyable diversion (although little Italy continues to shrink by the month). Breakfast at Moma was superior to anything the chains offer.
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry is located in Chinatown. We stayed for two nights and found the location very convenient for walks in Soho, Little Italy and Chinatown. The hotel faces a park and was alive with activity! We loved staying at a hotel where there was everyday living going on in the neighborhood! We booked a room with  double beds and were given room 201. The room was huge and 4 adults were very comfortable in it.Room was clean and the water pressure great! It came equipped with a Keurig, refrigerator and a safe.The only drawback was that it was facing the street and we could hear the traffic just one floor below on the road. But, it wasn't very loud and we were able to sleep comfortably.  Check in was easy and parking is right next door in a Garage $46/56 per day.There was always
bubble_50	This hotel was a gem.  My sisters and I came to NY to celebrate one of my sister's birthday.  There were 4 of us and we all fitted comfortably in the room.  The beds are so comfortable and good quality mattresses.  There is a lot to do around the area making it very convenient when traveling without a car. There is a park right across the street with different activities going on during the day.  Great for walking around or just people watch. The front desk personnel was very professional and friendly.  We were able to leave our bags at the front desk after check out so that we could do our last walk around.  They provide 2 free breakfast and even though it is not on site, the restaurant is not far away and it is very very good. I will recommend this place if you are in the area.
bubble_40	We stayed in a 12th floor room with balcony offering great views of the Empire State, and One World Trade Center...also folks doing tai chi in the park below.  Between Chinatown and Little Italy, it was like being in Europe!  Great food just steps away.  Central to subways and easy walk to many spots of interest.  Breakfast at Mama's was a few door down and always good.
bubble_50	We don't generally get below Houston St. when we visit NYC, so this trip to Chinatown and the Brooklyn Bridge was like going to a brand new city.  The Hotel Mulberry is so convenient - to subway, to walkway over Brooklyn Bridge, to the fabulous restaurants in Chinatown and Little Italy, to shopping in SoHo.  Great location was why we picked it, but the hotel is terrific - it's really nicely decorated and up to date, incredibly clean, very spacious and comfortable.  The bed was really comfortable - better than a typical hotel bed.  Staff were helpful and friendly.  The free breakfast was typical hotel free breakfast - and really about the only average thing ... everything else was well above average.  Best water pressure ever experienced in NYC!
bubble_50	Really enjoyed my 2 night stay in Hotel Mulberry. This simple but well run hotel offers fantastic value compared to most Manhattan prices. My room was lovely and spacious, spotlessly clean and well equipped with everything I needed - kettle, tea and coffee, water, iron and ironing board, etc etc. It's a quick walk to the Financial district, WTC, Brooklyn Bridge etc, or a quick subway ride uptown. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We needed a reasonable place to stay for move in weekend for Pace University.  Trying to find 2 Queen beds for a decent price in or near the financial district is nearly impossible.  The Hotel Mulberry fit the bill for us!   Bottom Line: Quiet,  clean hotel within 5 minute walk of City Hall,  the Brooklyn Bridge and Pace University.  Minimal free continental breakfast (mostly baked goods.) No frills but roomier than I expected for NYC. Will definitely keep them on my list for when I go to visit my son.   PROS:  1. Reasonably priced. We paid less than $200 per night for Labor Day weekend for a room with 2 Queen Beds.   2. Rooms were decent sized.  I was pleasantly surprised by the wound of space in the room.   3. Rooms were clean as were the bathrooms.  The heads and public areas
bubble_40	This is a real gem in Chinatown, although it is not a luxury hotel, it appears to have been recently renovated, so the bathrooms are large, linens are nice and the beds very comfortable. The place is quiet and clean. Very friendly accommodating staff, able to leave our bags after we checked out for no fee; coffee, water, fruit in the lobby, and free bottled water in the rooms. Breakfast is included by way of a voucher at a restaurant down the street but with so many great places to eat in NY, we never used them. The hotel is very centrally located right in the heart of Chinatown and Little Italy with a subway just a few blocks away.
bubble_50	Had a wonderful stay here, despite being in Manhattan and close to everything it was lovely and quiet. Chinatown and nearby Little Italy are both charming and it felt a very safe area to stay in. Although the decor is old fashioned, the rooms were large and comfortable and the staff were always happy and friendly. Breakfast is simple but good. Would stay here again on my next visit to NYC.
bubble_20	Hotels have been outrageous in NYC for six months. I got a "deal" here on hotels.com and while my expectations were low, they were not even close to being met. The hotel is in a cruddy part of town. The room was absolutely weird, with gross furniture, a weird step-up to the room, super low-end toiletries, and just an air of despair. But the worst is the "free breakfast" is for a horrible place a few storefronts down with bad food and totally surly help (the woman used her limited broken English to let me know she was doing me a huge favor by refilling my thimbleful of coffee). This hotel and the restaurant suck.
bubble_50	Terrific small hotel near Chinatown. Pick room 701/702 with balconies!! Reasonable price (for NYC)... breakfast incl! Room is newly-remodeled and spacious (by New York standards). Deck makes it feel larger. Two block walk to Little Italy as well. Stay here -- quiet and peaceful nights sleep.
bubble_40	I had to take a trip to NYC for a short conference, and my friend and I decided we would stay the night rather that travel back and forth all in the same day. We needed to find a hotel that fit our budget (which isn't too easy in the city), but Hotel Mulberry offered a great deal.  The hotel is in China town, and right across the street from a small park. Rooms were clean, we had a nice city view from the 8th floor, and the beds were very comfortable!   Staff was also friendly, and gave us an excellent recommendation for dinner.  I would stay again!
bubble_50	Paid extra for a room with a view, well worth it.   Great location, nice staff, comfortable bed, clean...   Would go there again!  Breakfast a few doors down was fine, enjoyed seeing the locals there.  Try Nom Wah for lunch.
bubble_50	Our hotel was on the third floor overlooking Columbus Park.  Our window offered great views of the park and to the south of Chinatown.  Our room was up to date, clean and quiet.  Free breakfast a few door down.  Easy walk to subways.  Delightful!
bubble_40	Stayed here for 5 days and were very pleased with our choice.  Location was good, short walk to transport services and Little Italy, where there Fe some fantastic restaurants. Breakfast was great and service was excellent. All the staff were very helpful. View of the park opposite the hotel from our room, which was clean and comfortable. Would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	Room was comfortable and clean. Breakfast down the street (doesn't bother me to walk 3 doors away) was great - fresh steamed broccoli and mushrooms,scrambled eggs, whole wheat toast.  Staff was very accommodating about storing luggage so I could enajoy bird walk in Central Park and return later for it. Most important and noteworthy was how accommodating and non-judegemental staff was about roommate who sleep walks.
bubble_50	This hotel is in the heart of Chinatown. We do not like to stay at cookie-cutter hotels in midtown...we like to experience the character of different neighborhoods whenever we travel and we loved the neighborhood surrounding the Hotel Mulberry. Lots of places to have dim sum....close to Little Italy...we had an easy walk to a fabulous restaurant in Tribeca. It is also an easy walk to South Street Seaport and the Financial District. So all-in-all a great place if you have no use for the blandness of midtown. Subway on Canal Street maybe 10 minute walk.  Our room was very big and extremely quiet.  There is a park across the street which was neat to watch people to Tai Chi in the morning. Also several impromptu chinese singa-longs with all age (assume local) musicians.  Families in
bubble_30	Room 901 for 2 days.  Great view.  Room is clean, though cover of comforter is stained (not inviting).  Hotel is small with only one elevator.  NO roof deck as reported previously.  Balconies below us were very sparsely furnished with smoking "pots" so double check before booking.  Breakfast is a "coupon" for restaurant 3 doors down.  Mama's Restaurant is VERY good quality.  Coupon is NOT for everything on menu, limited to six items (again, good quality).  If you want to be in Chinatown it's definitely a choice to consider due to mid location between Manhattan Bridge and Holland Tunnel and great food choices right outside Little Italy!  Oh...we could hear upstairs when using bathroom and the toilet (Kohler...good product). When flushing it's so fast and loud I always jumped when
bubble_40	Spacious room, friendly staff, mostly working TV and... Well... What were you expecting? It's great! I would avoid the continental breakfast. That place is a few doors down and is awful. Find somewhere else to eat. Plenty of places for dinner as its in the heart of Chinatown and a stone throw from little Italy.
bubble_40	I think the hotel was excellent, big room, great customer service and great location. At first, I did not like much the area at night but I walked alone very late in the evening and encountered no problems at all. I felt pretty safe. Subway station is 10-12 minutes away walking from the hotel. Although the hotel its not located in downtown, which worried me at first, you will have no problems moving around due to the proximity to the subway and several bus stops. There are many restaurants and shops around the area, as well as souvenirs shops with good prices. Had some issued with wifi but they were kind enough to fix the problem. In my experience it was greta value for money and would stay there again for sure. Greetings from Panama  :)
bubble_40	Had a room with a terrace, definitely worth the extra cost. Fabulous views! The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in too! Location very convenient and surprisingly quiet. Will definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Stayed here one Saturday night when in town to see a show and were so pleased.   We had a small clean room with large new king bed, a refrigerator, and mismatched furniture.  This hotel is right around the corner from all the Mott Street restaurants, so it was great to walk around sampling food late into the night and then pop in to go to sleep. The neighborhood was so quiet with no disturbances. Staff were very kind. The only issue we had was that they missed our super early wakeup call, but we had other alarms set so we did not miss our flight.  My husband and I both agree that we would stay here again on our next trip to NYC.
bubble_10	We stayed in hotel Mulberry for 9 nights last August. I booked this hotel after reading all positive reviews, but unfortunately what we found was far from our expectations. While in NYC we realised we could do much better than this hotel with our budget. The location of the the hotel is the only and I mean ONLY good point. The hotel staff were the most unfriendly and unhelpful hotel staff I had ever seen. The hotel itself was really basic,our room was very small and noisy, we could hear any movement from the next room and the noise from the traffic outside did not stop. The hotel did not even have a cafe or launday facilities and we had to have our breakfast a few doors away in a cafe, we had booked the hotel for four people but just two of us had free breakfast. They were very
bubble_50	My husband and myself booked a room here online it is our first trip in New York City everything was wonderful from check-in and check-out beds are extremely comfortable shower was exhilarating we did not partake in the free breakfast the Wi-Fi was give or take very clean very quiet Hotel would stay here again
bubble_50	First time at this hotel. My husband and I were very very pleased. The staff were very helpful, the room was immaculate, and the bathroom was actually nicer than mine at home. What a lovely place to stay right near all of the main attractions. Close to Little Italy. We will definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Family stayed here for 2 nights on short NY getaway. Great downtown location in Chinatown across from interesting park well used by local residents. Room with 2 queen beds was larger than similar chain hotels. Small functional lobby. We faced interior so while there was no view it was very quiet. Good, quiet AC on a hot NY day. Comfortable beds. Desk staff helpful and friendly. Good free breakfast offered by voucher at nearby restaurant. Garage parking almost next door. Chinatown is crowded but full of interesting sights and smells, not to mention great food and souvenier shopping. Little Italy, Soho, Nolitia and Greenwich Village a short walk away. Only complaint was that TV in lobby seemed to always have on what I would consider inappropriate content (profanity and violence)
bubble_50	Impressed in every aspect. A new hotel that is very clean, friendly etc. The best wad incredibly comfortable.ita small hotel which makes it quiet and an oasis from the speed of NYC. I would come here every time
bubble_40	A great find in NYC for extremely reasonable prices. Located in the middle of Chinatown, you can catch the subway or cab easily. Chinatown, Little Italy, the Lower East Side, the East Village are all in walking distance. Very nice and accommodating staff, clean, comfortable, quiet rooms.
bubble_50	My daughter and are staying her while she is taking a class.  We chose this hotel even though it's a haul to the school but are happy we did.   The lobby is very nice in dark wood. The front desk people have been nothing but nice.  They are very helpful with directions too.  They give you breakfast vouchers for a little place called Mama's.  This is a great little place.  You have the choice from eggs, french toast, pancakes and a few other things.  A drink is included.  Our room was small but it was just the two of us so it was pleanty big.  King size bed that was oh so comfortable.  Most hotel beds make my body hurt all over but I didn't have that problem here.  The rooms are nicely decorated, the bathroom was very clean and modern.  There was even a small refrigerator which
bubble_50	My son and I stayed here for seven nights. Fantastic location downtown in Chinatown and five minutes walk to Little Italy and subway station on Canal Street (unlimited Metrocard for a week is great value got us everywhere). Staff at the Mulberry hotel are kind and courteous nothing was too much trouble. Always greated with a smile in the morning. Breakfast vouchers for Mama cafe four doors down was good idea...waffles bagels eggs French toast all tried and tasty. Room 1002 had two Queen beds and was spotlessly clean with amazing view across Columbus Park towards the courts and the Freedom tower. Only three rooms per floor so quiet. Urge anyone to stay here great value cleaner modern  and bigger rooms than many hotels uptown. Five star stay Mulberry hotel .
bubble_50	Booked this based on reviews, and we were very pleased with the stay there. There were three of us, but this was a big room, very quiet, and everything was well set up. Wifi was free and fast. Very friendly check in and check out. Free breakfast at a nearby restaurant (that we did not use). In Chinatown, but easy walking distance from a lot of places downtown, in the Village, Little Italy, and Brooklyn Bridge.
bubble_40	I have spent two solid weeks here in the last 5 weeks, for two separate trials. The rooms are utilitarian, but clean and quiet, and the location is 4 minutes walk from the courthouse. No room service, so plan ahead. There is a fridge and a hot pot. There is a 24 hour Bruce around the corner, too. Max of 3 rooms per floor. Make sure to ask for a "room with a view"  it is $10 more per night, but when it. Otherwise, you look at the vent fans of the neighboring building. Also, it fills up quick, so err on the side of a liberty stay and check out early if necessity, because the odds of just extending your stay are slim.
bubble_50	I had the pleasure of staying at Hotel Mulberry last week and all I could say is it was a great place to stay while visiting New York. Its a small hotel but quaint hotel that is in the heart of Chinatown. The rooms were nice and clean, the water pressure in the shower was awesome and the staff was very attentive. Everything that you need is relatively close: Great Chinese Restaurants, Little Italy is only a few blocks away, and the transit systems is a short walking distance. Having stayed at a large number of high end hotels, I have to say that Hotel Mulberry ranks right up there with the best
bubble_50	We enjoyed our weekend stay in Hotel Mulberry. The hotel is very quiet and is located in a very convenient location in Chinatown (so it is surrounded by great food), walking distance to Brooklyn Bridge and many other locations.   The beds (mattress, pillows, blanker, all of it) were very very comfortable. The shower pressure was amazing. They give complimentary bottled water and fruit, which is rare for hotels these days. Staff was very friendly.   We did not have the complimentary breakfast. They give vouchers for a little cafe near the hotel and breakfast is 8-10 am but we never got up on time.   Only minor quibble is that the towels were rather small and not soft. They provide shampoo but not conditioner. These things are hardly worth complaining about however given the
bubble_40	Had a girls overnight to celebrate coworkers 40th birthday !!! Needed a place in the city close to Restaurants and clubs . Used Uber to get around ( cheaper) Rooms were clean service to check in very professional ! Parking 2 doors down excellent !!totally recommend
bubble_50	Stayed five days with my family during school vacation. Good value. Helpful staff. Easy parking a few doors down (used Spot Hero to reserve). Best of all is the location. Chinatown and Little Italy are fun to walk around. Subway stops are close by. Lower Manhattan is an easy walk (South Street Seaport, Brooklyn Bridge, 9-11 Museum). We had a great view of the Freedom Tower. Thought the nearby restaurant where we had breakfast was only so-so. Overall, I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We were looking for a hotel for my friend's birthday weekend. This hotel was our 2nd choice because of a BIG conference. The hotel was very nice being that it is located in Chinatown. Very clean and well put together. I enjoyed my stay tremendously and I would stay again if I had the chance to do so.
bubble_40	Quick overnight in NYC for our family from NJ, coming in to see a Sunday matinee show. Found this hotel via TripAdvisor, and have to say entire experience was better than expected. Typically in NYC hotel prices are outrageous and the rooms themselves are very cramped. Our room comfortably held two queen size beds and we could also have inflated the blow-up twin bed we often bring with us. Room was clean, simple but tasteful. Wife loved having fresh fruit for the taking in the lobby. Staff was courteous  and professional. Wasn't expecting the coupons for breakfast at a nice little shop a few doors down from the hotel, very pleasant, but would have been nicer if we had received 4 coupons for our entire family rather than just 2 (but since we weren't even expecting those, can't
bubble_50	Went to see family in NYC Chinatown. This hotel was well placed for my needs. As a hotel in Chinatown, Hotel Mulberry exceeded my expectations. It is clean. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are small but well appointed. Our room overlooked the park. They also offer free shampoo, conditioner and lotion. The lobby is small with a coffee station and TV. In the evening they offer a bowl of fresh fruit in the lobby (a nice surprise). The hotel is in walking distance to the train station, the Seaport area and also Little Italy. The free breakfast is offered at a small cafe 3 doors down from hotel. Just as an fyi  discounted parking is no longer offered due to change of management at parking garage.
bubble_50	The location is fun for a weekend.  One subway stop to Brooklyn and BAM to see a great play, a few subway stops to the met Breuer, lots of good restaurants in the neighborhood (try Emporio).  Our room was quite large, clean with a decent bathroom.  Charming view overlooking the park, but still quiet on a Saturday night.  Pleasant staff.  All at a reasonable rate!
bubble_40	This is a well kept secret!  We spent 3 nights here for a semi-spontaneous girls weekend. The staff was helpful and friendly. They provided us with "insider tips" like which side of the street to grab a cab depending on destination, and late night dinner spots within walking distance. The small cafe a few doors down hosts the complimentary breakfast.  Loved experiencing a Chinatown neighborhood cafe. Super friendly family and yummy breakfast.  Rooms were clean and beds comfy.  Will definitely return.
bubble_40	Nice hotel, consistently clean and friendly in Chinatown. Close to some good restaurants and bars. The staff is very accommodating. Across the street is a park where there is always something going on with Chinese culture. You get a taste of being in China. Parking is a few doors down and breakfast is a few doors down. Everything is conveniently located. The only complaint we have is the mattresses are not always the best. Sometimes they have been fine but twice now we have slept on mattresses that either need to be flipped over or replaced as you sink into the middle of the bed.
bubble_50	2nd stay at Hotel Mulberry.  One year removed.  Enjoyed it both times.  Clean, quiet. Many rooms overlook Columbus Park.  No restaurant, but daily voucher for breakfast at caf 4 doors down and, if you are driving, your spot hero to secure a significant discount on the parking garage just a few doors to the north.  Hotel is ideal for families with 2 queen sized beds and no upcharge for the kids.  Family friendly neighborhood with affordable Chinatown and Little Italy food choices & close to metro lines.  Great.
bubble_50	This is our 2nd year in a row here and convenient, clean, friendly!  We love this place!  Best place in Chinatown!  With sub freezing temps this was a cinch! Ready to rebook for next year for sure.  Be sure to reserve early.
bubble_30	After reading all the positive reviews I decided to book the Hotel Mulberry while attending the NRF show at the Javitz Center. After staying at the Mulberry for 3 nights, I can say that it is not the best and not the worst place I've stayed at in NYC. Included in the $179/night fee was a free breakfast voucher for a cafe 4 doors down for only 2 of the 3 nights.  There are many things to consider when staying here including time of year (sitting at Mama's Cafe - 4 doors down where the breakfast voucher can be used - on aluminum chairs at steel tables in the freezing winter is not the best experience), business or pleasure (you have to walk 2 blocks to Worth and Mulberry to get a cab - and not the most cab-frequented place), looking for a place to crash or working room (the rooms
bubble_40	Quiet, good size and clean rooms next to nice park and good subway connections. Good value for the money especially because of the free breakfast in restaurant next door is included. Hotel is in walking distance to SOHOs top shops and restaurants. WiFi was working properly, sheets and towels were very clean and bed firm and big enough for the whole family. Bathtube wasnt working too great, the plug let the water out. Not too many interesting sights,and or restaurants really near by, but good connections and nice area for walking.
bubble_40	We moved to the Mulberry from a Times Square hotel (Row) and were immediately relieved to have the spacious room and less hectic tempo of Chinatown and the Hotel Mulberry.    This is a small hotel tucked into Chinatown, directly across from a nice park.  Little Italy, Chinatown and Battery Park, etc., are all very convenient.  The managers are very kind and the room was very clean and quiet.  Wifi was free with room, but was a little shaky.  The AC could have been problematic, as the hotel runs on a boiler and you don't have individual room temp control.  But, our fall weather was nice so we didn't have any issues.    We will be staying here again when we bring kids to the city and aren't using AirBNB.
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry was great. The rooms were big and very clean. The location is perfect. Walk to Little Italy, Chinatown, Brooklyn Bridge, Chelsea Market. Breakfast is included at Mama's Restaurant, which is just up the street. All this at a very reasonable price.
bubble_50	This hotel is a hidden gem.  The location is very handy to most Lower Manhattan locations.  My room was super clean and tidy.  It was also pretty large for an NYC single room.  The view of the park and skyline was lovely.  I recommend asking for a room facing Mulberry St.  There were only 3 rooms on my floor, so it was super quite.  The electricity needs to be turned on by putting your key card into a slot near the door.  The included breakfast at Mama Restaurant a few doors down was very good.  I also must add that I felt very safe as a single traveler in this hotel and surrounding area.
bubble_40	A very decent price for an hotel that has a great location (Chinatown, 2 blocks from Little Italy), and rooms that are clean, spacious and quiet. The staff was efficient and helpful. We had beautiful view of the city and the rooms were overlooking a little park with a playground where people practice tai-chi and other exercises, gather and play (Chinese) music, and provide a friendly, lively atmosphere. In addition, free breakfast with decent assortment of pastries was provided in the morning (over Christmas this was in the lobby, but my understanding is that there is normally a coffee shop next door for breakfast). My only complain was the wifi that was weak. Overall, I highly recommend this wonderful find in an excellent location of NYC. I will surely come back.
bubble_50	This was a great place to stay.  Now I will admit I am a seasoned traveler to NYC and prefer to stay outside of Time Square so this place was perfect for us.  The rooms were large and very clean! Across the street is Columbus park and it was delightful to listen to the morning Tai Chi going on and then the afternoon concerts. It's a short walk to the N-R-Q and the 6 subway station. Plus 3 block walk to Little Italy.  I will definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Relatively good location, and  a short walk to the subway. Clean hotel with relatively large rooms and very comfortable beds. There are not many rooms on each floor so nights are quiet. Very courteous and helpful staff. Cons: No breakfast for all guests staying at the hotel. The Internet connection disconnects after a certain time.
bubble_50	Great hotel with the most comfortable beds. Rooms are services every day and there are great views from certain rooms of the Financial District. The staff is very friendly and the breakfast coupons for Mama's just next door are really great! It is so easy to walk to Little Italy for dinner and also to the Canal St Subway to hook up with the rest of NYC. We really enjoyed our stay here, did not experience any problems!
bubble_40	This is a surprising location for a boutique hotel. The room was very quiet, despite the Mulberry and Chinatown traffic outside. Plenty of room for two beds and a smartly designed bathroom with a pocket door. Fresh whole fruit in the lobby and a decent breakfast ticket at a place a few doors down.
bubble_50	Next to bustling Chinatown, but you wouldn't know it. The hotel exudes a clean, quiet, modern charm. The room was small, but to be expected of any hotel in Manhattan (besides, it's New York City, why would you want to spend all your time in your hotel room??). Beds were extremely comfortable. Wifi is spotty at best, but free.
bubble_40	Room small but clean and very helpful staff. The location was ok, but a little bit away from the main attractions.On the edge of Chinatown it was a 2 or 3 minute walk to the tube station which takes you uptown to where it is all happening. Soho is nearby on foot and there is no shortage of bars and restaurants no more than a 5 minute walk away. I would happily stay again
bubble_50	decent sized room with only 3 rooms per floor, therefore quiet. high, comfortable bed with windows overlooking columbus park where you can see the local population practicing taichi etc. helpful and pleasant staff.  coffee and tea provided in rooms and in foyer.  breakfast at mama's four doors away where you can see american life while having a decent breakfast. a great place to stay.
bubble_40	One queen room had less than 3 feet on either side of the bed to the wall. Needless today, a tight fit for two (and three the last night..one on a cot).  Breakfast at Mama's next door is complimentary with coupons although don't let management charge you $50 a night for a cot and then fight you on the complimentary breakfast coupon. Location is Nolita so this room is for those who enjoy and can stomach this neighborhood.
bubble_40	Right across from the thriving hub of Chinese cultural activity that is Columbus Park you're in Chinatown as much as can be imagined.  Wake up to the sounds of Erhu musicians or old men playing Giangqi.  Easily walkable throughout downtown and LES.   Just a bit pricey for what were average rooms.
bubble_50	I totally agree with all the other good reviews..a really good choice..fabulous view.. my favourite of all the hotels we have stayed at in NY. Location was perfect, in walking distance of where we wanted to visit and the room was comfortable, pleasant and very clean.
bubble_50	This is a great boutique hotel on the cusp of Chinatown and Little Italy.  The hotel is immaculate, quiet, and the service was terrific.  The bed was the most comfortable that I  have ever slept on.  I will definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	excellent hotel smack  in the heart of chinatown/little italy, 10 minute walk to wall st, 911 memorial etc,  would go back in a blink !!!! right opposite a small  park  where the chinese practice their   chi ti
bubble_50	As recommended by others, this gem in the heart of Chinatown is a great find.  Across from Columbus Park, and the most modern building on the block, it is a haven of restfulness and comfort.  The room wasnt huge, but big enough by New York standards.  It was immaculately clean and well supplied.  The only negative was the water pressure in the shower.  Barely a trickle came out.  The staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating.  If your plans put you in that area, this is the place to stay.
bubble_50	We stayed at this hotel for two nights. It was 4 of us, my nieces from Germany, my mother and I. We loved the location, just steps from Little Italy and right in China Town. You walked out of the hotel in the morning and saw the Columbus park full of local Chines doing Tai Chi. What a great cultural experience. The hotel itself was very nice and clean. We stayed in a regular room with two Queen sized beds and we had plenty of room. We didn't have any view, but that was expected for the price range we picked, but the room was modern, nicely decorated and beds were very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel and very likely will return there myself. We also got two vouchers for breakfast in a place couple of doors down the street and we were very pleased with the food we chose
bubble_40	I was pleasantly surprised. Hotel was very clean and right in China town. We walked to little Italy and had a great lunch at Pellegrinos.  Our view from our room was amazing. If you want to spend the extra money they have rooms with large balconies that are really nice. Do not hesitate staying here it is the perfect location if you want to see china town, little Italy and canal street. Also you will get breakfast vouchers for a diner a few doors down, We didn't eat there only because we just didn't want a big breakfast.  The only think I would change would be to have a continental breakfast right in the lobby...Danish only...Coffee was delicious
bubble_30	Hotel is located in Chinatown and very close to little Italy. Plenty of food option especially Chinese style. Nearest metro station is about 10min walk. Room is clean and the bed is comfortable. Complementary set breakfast (not buffet) is served few shop units away from the hotel. Price is slightly high for a budget hotel but at least it was a pleasant stay without much problem.
bubble_50	Friendly accommodating staff. Spacious room. Nicely appointed. Very clean. Fresh fruit in lobby. Breakfast included at small coffee shop a few doors down. Cooked to order - from eggs or omelette to French Toast. Had a spectacular view from room including Freedom Tower.
bubble_40	An exceptionally clean hotel which provided us with a nice room that had a very, very, clean bathroom and an exceptionally comfortable bed! We had a nice view of the Brooklyn Bridge, as well as a peek into Chinatown and nearby Little Italy.   Chosen for it's proximity to the Port Authority Bus Terminal (we were visiting NYC from Boston, by bus), One World Observatory and other nearby Manhattan attractions, we'd definitely would stay there again, given a return trip to NYC.     Though there was no dining facility in the hotel, itself, we were given 'chits' for breakfast in a nearby restaurant, and though what was offered was limited, the quality of the food (and service) was excellent.   Overall, a hotel worth staying at, should you find yourself needing a room fairly close to
bubble_50	This hotel proved to be very nice for our short trip to NYC. Located in Chinatown, (making it only a short walk to Little Italy,) we were able to easily enjoy restaurants in both neighborhoods. We were impressed with the size of the rooms, which were well appointed with twin queen sized beds, desk area and sitting room furnishings by the large window. The room was clean (!) and spacious by most standards, certainly for NYC. Though on the 5th floor, we were still afforded a view of the Freedom Tower yet quiet enough at night without a lot of street traffic noise. The Hotel staff were professional, and while we would have liked a little flexibility on check-out time, they were friendly and very helpful in other areas. A highlight for us was the free breakfast served a few doors
bubble_40	We had a suite with balcony and the room was large for NY standards and the balcony was pretty big too. Location was average a 5/10 min walk to subway although in chinatown and only mins from little italy. About 15 mins walk from ground zero. Great views from balcony rooms and breakfast four doors along was pretty good and not that usual for hotels in NY. Great shower and bed so comfy and a fridge. The two negatives were balcony furniture and reception staff, over a week and only one member of staff from reception smiled and said hi, this could be improved, if we asked for any help it was given immediately just no smiling involved.
bubble_20	Looking at the other reviews perhaps we were just unlucky but this hotel was not all it cracked up to be. My dad had pre-paid the room with my parents joint account bank card, when my mum and I arrived they took her card and despite my protests they charged $200 in case we damaged the room! This was not in any of their terms and conditions on their own site. We spoke to other guests and they hadn't been subject to this charge.   I found after this exchange that the front desk staff were surly and rude to us, ignoring my mum when she waved and said hello to them in the mornings. When I booked a taxi back to the airport the receptionist said "you pay now or go outside and find your own", then snatched my money out my hand without so much as a please or thank you.  On top of this
bubble_40	We had a 4 person room with 2 Queen Beds here with my family. Location is fantastic. China Town and Little Italy around the corner. Tourist, liquor shops, restaurants of all kinds (well...mainly affordable Chinese and Italian, look on Tripadvisor for the best ones) and Brooklyn bridge around the corner, i.e. walking distance. Breakfast at the neighbours. Acceptable and very friendly.
bubble_40	I booked the hotel based on reviews but was nervous about the location since I was traveling with my 3 teenage daughters.  The reviews were correct and it was a great place to stay.  We enjoyed all of the Asian culture and feeling like part of the neighborhood.  We felt safe walking from the Metro at night and wandering the neighborhood during the day.  The staff were helpful, pleasant and professional.  The hotel was quiet with comfortable beds however the room was a little warm.  Make sure the blinds are closed in the afternoon to block the sun.  The breakfast had great choices and if you have more than 2 in your party the restaurant is reasonably priced.  The view of One World Tower from our room was great and we enjoyed watching all of the many park activities across the
bubble_40	My now-husband and I eloped in NYC in June 2015. We booked Hotel Mulberry based on the great reviews on TripAdvisor--and to be honest, they were the most inexpensive. Great location. Walking distance to many train stops. The room has all the basics: bed, nightstands, desk, closet. It's not modern like a Kimpton, but it's nice and clean and has everything you need. And the bed! We can honestly say it was the most comfortable bed we've ever slept in in an hotel. Do not hesitate to book this hotel.
bubble_50	A great and nice hotel in the midst of Chinatown.  We stayed here for my city hall wedding and it was in a great location, less than two blocks away from the city clerk's office which was super convenient for us.  We were in the midst of Chinatown, which was also super convenient in terms of food choices which were very affordable and very good!  The rooms are large, spacious and with lots of light. Very clean and modern hotel.  A small refrigerator was also included in the room.  We had rooms overlooking the park with a great view of the Freedom tower which was very nice.  The beds were oh so comfortable.   Fresh fruit was always available in the lobby and breakfast served daily two doors down from the hotel, which was very hearty.
bubble_50	I've stayed in hotels, literally  all over the Planet.  The Mulberry Hotel,  in my home town of New York city has the nicest staff, The cleanest environment , the MOST comfortable beds, a great view,  and unbelievably. .. it's the quietest place I've ever slept at, in the noisy streets of NYC and especially Chinatown,  THIS place was a quiet oasis. I would and AM going to stay here again...YOU should too!
bubble_50	You don't often come across hotels of this standard at this value in New York City - generously spacious room (we have a two double bedded room), great breakfast and an unbelievably economical price (under US$200 per night in May).  We did not pay extra for the view and in fact were assigned a room right in front of the elevator - no noise problem at all except when a couple of loud-speaking guys got back late at night but it took no time to die down.  No more than 10 mins walk from the metro, slightly longer with bags.  Ideal location in the heart of Chinatown and close to Little Italy.  Restaurant by the name of 456 was wonderful.  Unless it's your first time to NYC and would prefer staying in mid/uptown, this is your choice of a clean, safe and comfortable hotel at a very
bubble_50	Awesome little hotel in Chinatown.  Right next to a park, so the sounds of kids playing soccer wafted up, until the sun the went down and it was very peaceful and quiet.  The room was tiny, but the beds were super comfortable, and the bathrooms nicely designed with an excellent shower.  We had a balcony, which was surprisingly nice.  An excellent breakfast was provided by a restaurant four doors down-you get a voucher good for that day until 10 AM, but only two vouchers per room.  Discount parking is nearby.  We paid $36 for just under 21 hours.
bubble_50	Exceptionally clean hotel in downtown Chinatown on the edge of Little Italy - so plenty of relatively cheap and fantastic food available compared with Central. Also choice of Italian or Chinese.  Yet its only 20 mins from Times Square by subway.  Rooms are large, nicely furnished, fridge, TV, tea/coffee, fruit bowl in foyer, free internet & a hearty breakfast!!!  A haven from the hustle and bustle of central New York.  Staff friendly and helpful.  Stay here and travel to central - you get far more facilities for your money!!!
bubble_50	Had a great time at the Hotel Mulberry. It is right on Mulberry Street  in Chinatown, NYC. Great location, great helpful and friendly staff (especially Jessica- very helpful), clean rooms,refrigerator in room, great lobby, nice breakfast( included), across from a park, safe, police station two blocks away, only a block or two from Little Italy, quiet location, a short walk to Metro on Canal Street, inexpensive....what more can I say? If you want to be right at the heart of Little Italy and Chinatown, do not hesitate to stay here. Staying  here was a great experience that i will never forget.
bubble_40	It was easy to drive right off the NJ Turnpike to the hotel. We parked 4 doors down (total of $65 for 26 hours). We were able to check in about an hour early. The hotel was very clean and well kept. It was a 7-10 min walk to the green and orange subway lines. We were really only in the hotel for checking in and sleeping. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was very clean and newish. The free breakfast was at a cafe 2 doors away, and was good. We had 2 adults and 2 kids but only had 2 free breakfasts so paid $20 for the kids to eat. We checked out and were able to store our bags and spend the day in the city.  The only real negative was that the wifi was down. There was not much street noise, but we could hear neighbor's toilets flush. It would have been nice to get 4
bubble_50	This hotel is situated one block into Chinatown. Walking distance to little Italy, the seaport, Brooklyn bridge. It's clean!! No smells. Except in the lobby. They burn incense. We were in and out at all hours and always felt safe. Columbus park is across the street. The room has a mini fridge instant coffee and complimentary water. It has wall to ceiling windows. Complimentary breakfast at mamas next door. Fresh fruit and coffee in the lobby. Our room (1001) had an amazing view of the freedom towers. The back of the hotel the view was of buildings. Bathroom was clean. Hot water with strong water pressure. We will definitely stay here again!!
bubble_50	Great boutique hotel which is reasonably priced right in Chinatown, not far from Little Italy. A wonderful park right across the street with a play area for the kids. Our room was made up quickly every day. Always fruit available in the lobby for a snack. Friendly staff. We would stay here again.
bubble_50	Just a quick walk down the Street from Little Italy on Mulberry there is this safe/comfortable oasis. Overlooking Columbus Park, which is authentically Chinese(full of relaxing,Tai Ch exercisers, card game playing, musical instruments, singers,....).  Modern, clean with a very efficient/helpful staff. Enjoy the best of Italian cuisine just up the street & quiet evening walk home to Hotel Mulberry. Had my high school reunion  up the street at Il Cortile & used the hotel as a base for my walking tours.
bubble_40	Good location, clean room, lovely free breakfast at a nearby cafe. Staff were polite if not overly helpful. Bed was super comfortable and as someone else mentioned, the shower was FANTASTIC! Would recommend staying here, if just for the location alone.
bubble_40	We stayed in Hotel Mulberry from May 11 to May 15 2015. It is a great Central location in Chinatown, close to all the important sites in NY. Metro station is close by (tbuy a multiple ride metr card at the station). Service in the Hotel was great, rooms were clean and nicely furnished. There is even a small refrigerator in the room. Staff is helpful and courteous. Nearby there are a lot of good restaurants. We would stay here again an recommend to friends and family.
bubble_40	The staff are amazing and always had good recommendations for food. The rooms were clean and well appointed. Breakfast was great with lots of variety. It is deep in Chinatown so be prepared for a few taxis if you are needing to travel uptown often. Otherwise, plenty of walkable sights.
bubble_50	This was a great location in Chinatown. It was very close to the subway, many great Italian and Chinese restaurants, walking distance to the financial district. My daughter and I stayed for one night to see some colleges in NYC. Safe neighborhood. The staff was very pleasant, the rooms were well-appointed, and the free breakfast (you get a coupon for a small place a few places down the street) was terrific. The price was great for NYC. Very comfy beds. Our room looked out over the park, and was quiet. We parked right up the street, which was very convenient and not too expensive based on NYC prices (you do need to get your ticket validated by the hotel). Excellent value for the price.
bubble_50	My family stayed at the Hotel Mulberry for a week while visiting my son at school in Manhattan. The hotel is located right across the street from Columbus Park in Chinatown. It's just a couple of blocks from Little Italy, about eight blocks from the Brooklyn Bridge, and maybe 12 blocks to the 911 Memorial. Close to the Canal Street subway station, it's a short ride to just about anywhere in Manhattan. Its usually always busy in the neighborhood, but it feels safe if you keep your eyes open.  Our room overlooked the park, and there was usually always something interesting going on. The rooms and common areas were clean and modern; the beds were comfortable and the everything in good working order. They offer vouchers for breakfast in a caf a couple doors down - the American
bubble_40	Clean, small rooms, great location across from Columbus park in Chinatown.  Included breakfast is a real American style hot breakfast cooked to order.  NYC Chinatown is just like Shanghai except a lot dirtier.   Very close to what is left of Little Italy, city hall, Brooklyn bridge and Freedom tower.   If you come into Grand Central, just take the 6 train to Canal stop and walk 5 minutes to hotel.  Get up early and take the A train to the first stop in Brooklyn, walk through the park across from the station, go up the stairs and you will be on the pedestrian deck of the Brooklyn bridge - walk across the river into the city...really cool!
bubble_40	Clean. Quiet. Comfy beds. Nice city view. We can truly recommend this hotel. On the downside is all the travelling uptown. There are on the other hand a lot of good restaurants in the neighbourhood, among others Joe's on 9 Pell street. On walking distance: the 9/11 memorial museum.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Mulberry.  Our room was located on the 11th of 12 floors and had a wonderful view.  The view of the Freedom Tower amongst the other well lit buildings was beautiful and very moving.  The room was clean and a decent size.  The bed was very comfortable, too.  When I went to get ice, I was very impressed that they had individual bags of ice waiting in the freezer.  The location was great!  We love eating in China Town and shopping on the Lower East Side.  A wonderful value and I recommend it highly!
bubble_50	This hotel has it all if you want to find the best room, bed, service and location in terms of the price. Even thought the price is very good, the service and location is even better. The room is spacies, very clean. The hotel staff are super service minded, nice and helpful, which they of course should be but still!   There are a lot of cheap food places, shopping is only five minutes walk away, cab is not very expensive after a night out in the Meatpacking District. They also have free wifi, but I find that the signal can sometimes not be very good.
bubble_40	My wife, son and I stayed 3 nights.  The room was very nice the property is clean and well kept.  The staff was very helpful and knew the area well. Staff was able to refer me to a very good doctor when I was ill. We had a wonderful view of the new world trade center. Walking in this part of NYC is special. I was able to try fruit and foods I had never had. China town and little Italy had the feeling humanity and history.  I will stay at Hotel Mulberry again.
bubble_40	Stayed for 1 night. Very good value for what you get. Clean rooms, comfy bed, spacious bathroom and good shower. Location not far from subway and nice area to walk around. Lots of good chinese restaurants round the corner. Decent breakfast at next door restaurant - basic but keeps you fuelled till lunch time! Quick check in but staff could be a bit friendlier and welcoming. Loud noise coming from the heater - bit annoying if you're not a heavy sleeper.
bubble_40	Small hotel in a great location in Chinatown next to Columbus Park.  Just a few blocks to Little Italy, SOHO and Tribeca.  Clean modern interior with moderate sized rooms and spacious bathrooms; decent in room wi-fi.  Good price for NYC (<$250).  Our room had a nice city view of downtown and the Freedom Tower. There are, however,  some interior noise issues.  The hallways are not carpeted so any activity in hallway is amplified.  We were woken up at 4 AM by a loud group in the hallway for 15-20 minutes and then noisy neighbors :)) later in the morning.  Need better soundproofing and at least should get some carpeting down in the hallways There is a complimentary breakfast offered with room at a nearby restaurant but beware that the breakfast ends at 10 AM even on Sunday.  We
bubble_40	Hotel Mulberry is a small hotel nestled in Chinatown, across from Columbus Park, just around the block from Little Italy. We got to participate in the Chinese New Year's parade that came in front of the hotel. Staff was very attentive. It was almost like having a private hotel. Beds were very comfortable. Pillow top comforters are soft & thick enough to fold up & sleep on the floor with. Free breakfast at Mama's Caf a few doors down was very good.
bubble_50	Great service. Good price. Great location.  Chinese New Year's parade by front door. Free breakfast next door. Comfortable beds! Friendly staff. Excellent Chinese & Italian places around the corner. Subway nearby.
bubble_40	When i say perfect here are the reasons:breakfast included that will start your day to explore nyc,rooms spacious for new york and cheap,foods from restaurant beside this hotel sooo cheap(chinese,korean)im a filipino so i love it.when you say china town all of nyc souviners are cheap!!!dont buy souviners in some tourist spots you can get it near this hotel,8 mins walk to subway station canal street,free potable water,coffee,fridge,no microvawe though it would have been so perfect thats why i gave this hotel a 4 rating,staff are nice,when you need something right away they will do it.elevator is fast! And spacious,wifi i cant complain!!!,shower gel oh heaven smells like heaven.bed so soft,housekeeping everyday,did you get what i mean when i said perfect???lol...email me if you
bubble_40	This hotel located at China town so it's very convenience to find cheap food+delicious. The hotel also give you 2 coupons/room for breakfast at restaurant nearby. But the good thing of this hotel is BED. After long walking, sleep on bed like this it's like a therapy.  If I visit NY next time, I definitely stay here.
bubble_50	I had a very pleasant stay at Hotel Mulberry. The king deluxe room was small, but cozy rather than cramped. Nice spacious bathroom with full size tub. Very clean and quiet. Hot pot with tea and instant coffee in the room.
bubble_50	I visit NYC often and discovered this place 2 years ago.  I think we paid $115 a night and WOW we were impressed.  If this was near Times Square it would be $300 a night easy.  Very modern LARGE room.  Location- China Town.  Not far from Canal street train station.  Good breakfast place next door.  Chinatown isn't really my fav place to visit, but this hotel was cheap, modern, clean and safe.
bubble_40	This was our first stay at this hotel but we would definitely come back. It overlooks a little park in a relatively quiet street (for Chinatown) and is good value. The rooms are clean and quite spacious for Manhattan and the staff, especially the Manager, Eddie, are very helpful. Vouchers  are offered for breakfast at the excellent Mama's cafe run by the lovely Sue just a few doors down. Really good coffee, delicious waffles and pancakes or bacon and eggs, what more could you ask for? A real find.
bubble_50	Excellent value, no nonsense hotel in Chinatown.  The room was clean, the front desk was open 24/7, and the guys on the desk were always friendly and really helpful.  It also included breakfast, which you get a a cafe four doors away and was pretty decent - omelettes or pancakes or waffles or french toast or oatmeal plus a drink.  The view from our room was incredible, looking out over Columbus park to the high rises of downtown NYC.  The hotel had all the things I consider every hotel should include in the price: in-room wifi, tea & coffee making facilities in the room, and baggage storage on your departure day.
bubble_50	We loved every minute we spent in this hotel. Staff was very friendly and helpful with recommending places/restaurants to visit. Hotel offered vouchers for breakfast at a nearby restaurant. The rooms are super clean, modern and for NY average sized. Location is great, right in Chinatown with restaurants and stores nearby. This is the only hotel I would ever come back to if I visit NY again. Highly recommended.
bubble_40	Needed to do some work nearby and I found this gem. The location was great, the viewes are as well and the rooms were pleasantly clean and comfy. My biggest complaint was with using the thermostat. You could change the temperature but it never stayed that temp for more than a couple of hours.  I will definitely be coming back!
bubble_50	My friends and I were in NY and decided to experience New Year's Eve in NYC (December 2012) so we booked a room at Hotel Mulberry. I had a wonderful time and will be returning. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, they let us check in as soon as our room was clean and we had arrived 3 hours prior to check in time. The room was so clean and loved the beds! SO COMFY!!!   Our room overlooked the park so we got to watch a lot of cute people do Tai Chi. It was a great view. There is also a cute dumpling place next door that we stopped by to eat at (cheap and delicious). We thought we'd have a problem with staying in Chinatown, but it was actually a brilliant idea! When we left Times Square we took the train and there was no one on it! then it was a quick walk to the hotel.
bubble_50	Good hotel in good location. Clean carpets, freshly painted walls, friendly staff and good wifi. Good bed and large clean bathroom. Would come back here if prices quoted are good. Walls between rooms are a bit thin though.
bubble_40	I've stayed at the Hotel Mulberry 4 times now, each visit was three nights. I really like this place, it's relatively new (maybe 4 years old?), small (only 3-4 rooms per floor with around 9-10 floors), has a boutique-y feel (sturdy construction and trim, good paint job, nice floors, etc.). It's a clean place, non-smoking.  It's directly across the street from Columbus Park (a small park) and just south of busy Canal Street without any of the noise and hubbub of that street. This part of Mulberry is comparatively quiet, people just going about their business without the hustle nearby. The hotel is around the corner from Chinatown "proper", across the street from Little Italy, very close to Soho and even the WTC area. GREAT restaurants nearby, easy to walk to. The immediate
bubble_50	I was a little worried about the location of this place but it turned out to be a great stay, the hotel is really clean and nice, staff are helpful and the neighborhood is actually really quaint.  It's close to basically all subway lines so no problem there. Will return on my next trip.
bubble_40	Great little hotel. Close to subway. Breakfast excellent but only got 2 vouchers for the 4 of us. Prices however were quite cheap, the banana pancakes were gourmet! Best beds gave us most restful sleep. Large room with 2 extra large beds. Lobby staff could try and attempt to be more friendly and helpful. The free coffee in the lobby until 12pm is very good. Very interesting neighborhood gives one a different perspective on the city. Lots of reasonably priced restaurants.
bubble_40	great hotel our room was lovely, nice big room with a great view of the park. Really near the subway station, though breakfast is not in the hotel that didn't bother us.   the only thing that wasn't so great is that its near cannel street and you get bothered by the people trying to sell you fake bags etc.
bubble_40	Great:   Beds Location (quiet) People Very clean Spacious rooms for new york  Not so great:  Showers and toilets very noisy - can here other rooms No wifi that worked Breastfast - didn't bother as had to have vouchers and go next door! Lacks final touches to rooms  Not a bad hotel but can make it great by doing a few extra touches
bubble_40	Arrived late evening to a smooth easy check in, room on 9th floor overlooking a park.  Breakfast was in a cafe a few doors up, limited menu and food served on paper plates with plastic cutlery. Hotel right in centre of China town with a real buzz about it.  Canal street very handy for the subway.  Really liked this hotel and would certainly recommend to anyone wishing to stay downtown.  No bar and the limited breakfast the only let down
bubble_50	We loved our stay. Room was clean today bed was fantastic! Service great and the daily breakfast at momas was fantastic as well. Nice and close and central to all we wanted to do from city hall to century 21 to walking Brooklyn Bridge to eating in little Italy Chinatown canal street to subway to times square. Just fantastic. Will stay there again anytime.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel with friendly staff, amazing bed and an awesome power shower. The location is in the heart of Chinatown with some great Asian restaurants round the corner - the subway is about 10min walk and it is Canal Street which has a few lines running through it.  Go the other way and it's about 20min walk to Brooklyn Bridge and a great 45/50 min walk down through Wall Street to get to the Staten Ferry.   People have moaned about the breakfast, but it's fine and free - what more do you need? Scrambled eggs, sausages and mushrooms is perfect in the morning at a little cafe 4 doors down. Also pretty interesting to see all the police officers in there due to the Court Hall being across the park.
bubble_40	We loved this hotel and really enjoyed our stay here. We booked this through booking.com and don't know if it was a fault of the hotel or theirs but booking.com said we didn't pay until we checked out however the hotel took the money from our card 3 days before we arrived.  When we explained this to the item they said there was nothing they could do.  So that's the bad part the rest of the stay was great. We had a room which overlooked the park which was lovely, and it had a view right down to the finance district which meant at night the view of the world trade one was amazing and the rest of the skyline.  The beds have to be the comfiest ever and we're pretty sure the bedding was changed most days. The rooms was always cleaned really well.  Yes the breakfasts were via voucher
bubble_40	We booked and paid in advance for our stay at Hotel Mulberry and I was very happy with our stay.   This hotel is great value! It is super CLEAN and tidy and fit out to quite a high standard - similar to what one would expect from a 4* chain hotel. I slept so well in the huuuggee beds and couldn't really find anything to complain about the room. Hotels of a similar price in this location will not be as pleasant, seriously.   The hotel is in walking distance of 1PP, Brooklyn Bridge, City Hall and the 9/11 Museum & Memorial and there is a good range of cafes and restaurants nearby. Though it is in China Town & across the street from Columbus Park, it is a quiet place and the street isn't busy with people or vendors.  The Canal Street Subway (J,Z,N,Q,6) is 5 mins walk away so
bubble_20	I stayed at Hotel Mulberry for a week in the middle of October. The room was clean, the maid was excellent and the location just perfect. But the promised wifi did not work at all. I complained several times, but they were unable to correct the problem. Why is this a big deal for me, you ask? Because I'm from Norway. The roaming charges are astronomical in USA. We spent $200 in three days. In 2014 I don't bring travel books, food guides etc, I use the internet. Each day I had to hunt for open wifi. I asked for compensation for the lack of wifi. At first the receptionist just told me no "because the wifi is free" It's not free!! I paid $200 for the room. Each night! At our departure they said the manger would contact us, but alas that never happened.  Computer problems is common,
bubble_20	Despite the sour Front Desk attendant, the WiFi being down only on our floor (9).. and our bathroom exhaust fan not working.. We still had a great trip., but definitely next time will spend the extra $40 to stay in a more accommodating hotel. The staff wouldn't help us get a cab when checking out, made us walk a block with our luggage to find a cab. The rooms are spacious, but very loud. You can hear rooms next door, hallway, stairwell, and flushing upstairs. If you're looking to save a buck and walk a ton to get to main roads, than yes, this is the place to stay. The breakfast voucher for next door was disgusting. ANd the ladies who work there were very rude. We weren't impressed with our overall experience in Chinatown. Next time will stay more midtown. Even Times Square.
bubble_40	We had 5 nights in New York and stayed here. The hotel is in a great location in Chinatown with Little Italy just a few strides away too. It is smart from the outside and blends in well with the locality. Our room was on the 9th floor overlooking Columbus park which was lovely (always lots of tai-chi and games going on in the park) lovely spacious room with great bed, TV, kettle, fridge, free WiFi which was reliable and modern clean bathroom including toiletries every day. Breakfast at the cafe a few doors away was great for us and set us up for all our sightseeing. The staff in the hotel and the breakfast place were all very friendly and helpful. We booked a car from the hotel back to the airport which was a good price at $56. The only slight negative I found here was that the
bubble_40	This small hotel, with it's clean and modern frontage, in the middle of a slightly ragged neighbourhood, was very comfortable for our stay.  We were travelling with our 16 year old niece, and there was enough room for all.  Noise was minimal, except for the charming sound of oriental music in the morning accompanying assorted groups performing tai chi, martial arts, fan dances, line dances in the park across the street.  A real feel of the community living, exercising and working.  The small restaurant serving breakfast, which was included in the stay, was very basic, but clean, good smells from the kitchen, and the food was fresh, healthy and sufficient.  We were about 15 minutes from the most convenient subway line for getting uptown, but the streets felt safe. We walked a
bubble_30	A nice and modern Hotel. The Hotel is in the middle of Chinatown! Not far from Broklyn bridge. Room was a good size and clean. The view from our room was shocking! All you can see was the back of dirty buildings. Breakfast was... well... not in the Hotel but in some Chinese Take away down the road. It was horrible Breakfast for a 4 star Hotel. Nothing special about it. Taste like cheap microwaved processed food.
bubble_50	A great place to stay in China town. Clean, comfy and more than enough space in the rooms. I was lucky to be on the 9th floor with a fantastic view over the park and towards uptown. Close to subway lines and the included Yummy breakfasts at the caf a few doors down were great! As well as the nice and helpful staff on reception.  All round a very nice hotel to stay at that made my first NYC visit fantastic!
bubble_40	We stayed in Hotel Mulberry for 3 nights during a 2-week tour of the States. Let's get the less-than-good bits out of the way first.  The rooms are small, but unless you're prepared to spend mega-bucks, that's what you get in New York (or any other major city in the world). Also, breakfast Is served a few doors down the road in a small cafe/diner, which was ok, but only just.  The menu was very limited and you could only have one helping of whatever you chose - not the 'stuff yer face' buffet that most hotels offer.  However, the location more than made up for the short-comings.  Hotel Mulberry is located in the heart of China Town and less than 400m from Little Italy. We loved it! The area is so vibrant, with hustle and bustle, and things happening all the  time. It's all so
bubble_30	we stayed there while going to the San Gennero festival..you can't turn the lights on without a key to the door and they give you a voucher for breakfast at some greasy diner a few doors down. the worse part was we had a non smoking room which is goodbut the people below us had a balcony and were smokers which we could smell in our room. I thought it was very overpricedsmall rooms. We won't be back mostly because of the smoking.
bubble_40	Great hotel, really clean and comfy bed - which we needed after walking miles in the city each day.  Let's cut to breakfast, though: Mama's isn't as bad as some reviews make out.  OK, so the choice was limited and we didn't have access to tables laden with food each morning, but what we got was good (waffles and pancakes with fresh fruit and juice).  If you're on a budget, this would fill you up for your morning's sightseeing.  As it was, we only ate there 1 morning and chose to try some of the nearby recommended breakfast cafes, which I've also reviewed.  The location of the hotel was great for us as we wanted to explore downtown.  Our favourite days were spent crossing the Brooklyn Bridge (only minutes away) and spending the day in Brooklyn Heights and Dumbo before getting the
bubble_50	On a quiet street, just across from a sports park, close to the Battery Park and the financial district, clean, big rooms. Walking distance to Chinatown, Little Italy, Washington Square, lower Broadway and shopping. We stayed in a room with 2 Queen beds on the second floor.
bubble_50	Stayed at Hotel Mulberry for a milestone birthday with my wife.  Located in the heart of Chinatown, 2 blocks south of Canal Street and 3 blocks from the nearest subway station.  Small hotel with 3-4 rooms on each floor.  Rooms were well appointed and very clean, appeared to be recently remodeled.    The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept on.  Bathroom incredibly clean, with new tile and fixtures throughout.  Hotel staff was very nice and helpful.   If I opt to stay in lower Manhattan again it will be here.
bubble_40	Hotel is modern and clean. The room was very good but the view was bad. Bathroom was nice and beds were very comfortable. They charged us $200 incase we break something. Hotel is in the middle of China town. Easy walk to broklyn bridge.
bubble_40	the welcome could have been a bit more expansive, check in staff were a bit surly but on check-out were very helpful in securing a taxi on Saturday afternoon as none pass by.  The hotel is opposite Columbus Park in Chinatown which means its a bit quieter than many other NY hotels. Wander through Columbus Park and you could be in Shanghai - old ladies playing mah jong and cards. Men gambling and playing chinese music, its very atmospheric. Neighbouring streets harbour endless excellent chinese restaurants and fishmongers, greengrocers sell durian and lychees - its a bit smelly but makes for fascinating viewing - slightly further along brings you to Little Italy - totally different atmosphere but full of life and characters as well as  great restaurants and bars. Also you are not
bubble_50	Zero complaints, staff was so friendly, room was exceedingly clean.  Breakfast was just a couple doors down, literally a 1 minute walk from the hotel, almost didn't stay there because it wasn't in house-quick efficient GOOD meal- and yes only one cup of coffee, but there was fresh coffee brewed in the lobby every morning or you could just buy a cup at Mama's. Great location, strong police presence due to proximity of courthouse etc, felt very safe and enjoyed the bustling neighborhood along with the park across the street- where the locals hung out.  Would absolutely stay here again.
bubble_40	We had some business way downtown near the financial district and found the Hotel Mulberry on this site.  Couldn't believe the price and the quality of the rooms in the photos.  Turns out it is all true.    We had the penthouse and the room was spacious and the bed was exceptional.  The hotel is clean and well-cared for. The  location for us that week was perfect being close to city hall and TriBeCa without TriBeCa prices. If you need to be close to Chinatown, the financial district or Ground Zero do not pass up this place.  Downside? A few, but only for people who want and can afford more amenities in New York City.    The breakfast at a restaurant next door as barely passable - but quirky in a funny way and free is free in NYC (or rather, included), even a cup of coffee.   The
bubble_30	Great location for this hotel in a vibrant part of New York where anyone interested in the Chinese culture or food will love it. Hotel room dcor is a bit tired but the bed was excellent. So a reasonably OK 3 star hotel. However their breakfast arrangements seriously let them down. We paid about $300 a night but the best they could do for a breakfast was a voucher to a rubbish caf a few doors down. On arriving at this greasy spoon that offered no charm whatever, we were handed a dog-eared plastic covered A4 menu that announced in underlined bold heading that we could choose one cup of either coffee or tea. The breakfast was low quality caf style. Our food was served on paper plates and we had  eat with plastic knife and fork. We were really disappointed and thought what a way
bubble_40	I loved this hotel. Mulberry Street is a short little one way street in a great location in lower Manhattan. I researched quite a few hotels until I came up with this one and it was worth the time. It is a quiet, clean and quality small hotel located on the edge of Chinatown and 2 blocks from Little Italy. Canal Street Shopping and subway are 2 blocks away. Located across the street from Columbus park, I had a nice neighborhood park directly out the front door, where I could go, sit and enjoy the local Asian neighborhood population congregating in a multi use setting. You can watch the kids doing all kinds of urban sports activities, stroll the beautiful shaded walking paths and enjoy local flavor with local entertainment. I always felt safe.         Inside the hotel is a
bubble_30	The four of us, three adults and 1 teen stayed here for five nights. The location is great if you like Chinatown. The African Burial Ground, Brooklyn Bridge, and Little Italy are quite close. I picked this hotel because of the trip advisor reviews and my love for Chinese food. I understand that hotel accommodations are expensive in a Manhattan, but for what I was paying for each night, I didn't expect these oversights. The curtains are sheer, bring an eye mask if you're sensitive to light because the street lamps are right outside. The mattress isn't covered with anything other than a single sheer bed sheet, kinda gross at a hotel. They should get mattress covers. Wifi on the third floor was very weak and only worked in a certain part of the room. The view from the third floor
bubble_50	We chose this hotel mainly to be away from the main tourist areas but still be in an interesting location. It certainly didn't disappoint. Chinatown, Little Italy and the Financial District are all within easy walking distance and the park where the hotel is situated is extremely quiet and safe at night. During the day the park is a meeting place for the local Chinese community where they practice chi-gong, make music and play board games. The hotel itself is very clean, the rooms bigger than expected and the staff very helpful and friendly. Nor will it bust your budget! For a first-time New York visitor, it is maybe a bit out of the way but for someone wanting to get to know the city a bit better, this place is perfect.
bubble_50	A fantastic property for the price within walking distance from chinatown, little italy and ground zero.  Not only was the price cheaper than most of the major chains, the rooms were much cleaner and just as comfortable.
bubble_50	Ahh I'm so glad I chose to stay at this hotel. First time in nyc, and it was a girls trip! We were kinda nervous since we didn't know what to expect, but this hotel was in the perfect location. Felt safe and the rooms/bathrooms were so nice and clean. Breakfast spot was definitely a plus. Front desk hospitality was flawless. Whenever i go back to nyc I'm pretty sure this is going to be my go to hotel
bubble_40	The hotel is on  a small street in Chinatown. Two doors down is a parking garage that is convenient but not included.  The hotel and room were very clean.  The room held two queen beds so it is not too tiny but not spacious either.  The bathroom was very clean and tile was clean which is  important. (I hate icky tile)    They give you vouchers for free breakfast 2 doors away.  They call it "continental" but it was quite a menu: eggs/bacon/toast or a variety of pancakes, or waffles.   I would definitely return.
bubble_50	We were in the mood for a Saturday & Sunday getaway to NYC to see the sites and our research led us to the Hotel Mulberry. All of the good reviews that they receive are richly deserved. First they're in a great location in the Chinatown & Little Italy area. Very interesting area with great food. Second the staff was extremely polite with great service. We arrived early and they checked our bags for us and offered us the use of the "employees only" restroom. Last, the room was very clean with a great view of Columbus Park and the Freedom Tower. We will definitely be back again.
bubble_40	I used to live in NYC, not too far from the Hotel Mulberry so I've got an attachment to Chinatown and the Lower East Side.  But that's not what I chose Hotel Mulberry; I chose it based on room qualities and price.  NYC is so full of fleabags on one end and $1,000 a night swank hotels on the other it's really hard to find something in the middle.  But that's what Hotel Mulberry does and does well.  The Canal Street Subway station is close and you're only 10-15 minutes by cab to most places you'll want to go in NYC so take a former local's advice and stay at the Hotel Mulberry.
bubble_50	It IS possible to get a beautiful, large hotel room in NYC for under $400. I was attending an event in the Nolita/Tribecca area and had a REALLY hard time finding a place to stay. Little did I know that it was the 5-Borough cycling event on Sunday and every hotel within close distance of Battery Park was booked. I got the last room at Mulberry, room PH1. I laughed when I walked in because it was so amazing. The view over Columbus Park with the new World Trade Center in the background was to die for. The parking garage 4 doors down was very handy. And I especially appreciated the breakfast voucher for the small cafe another 4 doors down in the opposite direction.   It was quiet and comfortable and I loved getting up in the morning, seeing people doing T'ai Chi down in the park. A
bubble_50	We stayed at the Hotel Mulberry NYC for a 10-night holiday from London. The hotel was perfect- lovely modern room, friendly staff, and great location for exploring the city. Breakfast at Mamas Eatery a few doors down was also good, with very friendly staff. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.
bubble_40	... this is it. We needed an affordable, decent hotel with a room that sleeps four and it had to be away from the tourist district (my rule). We usually end up on the Upper West Side, but this time we chose the Mulberry.  The good: the room was spacious and modern, and it offers free wifi. The service was nice. There's a coffee pot in the room, and free coffee (with real cream) in the lobby, plus each day we received two vouchers for breakfast at a coffee shop a couple of doors down. That place is cozy and friendly and clean and has good service and food. The teenagers loved the French toast.  The mixed: the location. My husband and kids loved being so close to Chinatown. We were also extremely close to Little Italy, which meant cannolis on the way home every night. I felt we
bubble_50	I stayed at the Hotel Mulberry shortly after it opened with my daughter for a mother/daughter weekend.  I have to say it was the best hotel I've stayed in in NYC.  We had a double room which wasn't super big, but certainly bigger than most in the city.  We had a terrace overlooking the park which was fabulous.  Nice to watch the neighborhood comings and goings throughout the day.   I loved the neighborhood -- Chinatown with Little Italy a couple of blocks up.  We happened to be there during the Feast of SAN GENNARO in September which was kind of dreamy.  Lots of food booths and outside eating and neighborhood people.  Made us feel like we were part of the city.
bubble_40	Every floor has 4 rooms I think. We stayed at the 11th floor which gave us a perfect view to the park. Rooms are pretty spacey, good bathroom, tv, AC, free internet and included breakfast that's served at a nearby cafe. Breakfast was actually not to bad. Friendly staff. You can hear the elevator a little bit but it's not disturbing. It's well isolated from noise outside. Beds are very comfortable, but the pillows a bit to big and hard for me. The park outside gives you a little taste of china actually. Located in the middle of china town there's plenty of options for food. Nearby is Soho, little Italy and lower east, all within walking distance. I could definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Hotel is on the edge of Chinatown, very near various government offices.  Rooms are small, but modern and clean.  There are no frills:  no business center, exercise room, lounge, etc. Staff is very friendly and helpful.  Breakfast provided by a small restaurant a few doors down (nothing fancy, just adequate and reasonably quick).  I believe rooms with better views cost more. Beds are comfortable, room is quiet.   Best deal is the non-refundable web rate.
bubble_30	Positive: Location, location, location! Great view from our room on the 11th floor towards the new ground zero, and more. Love Chinatown/Little Italy! Good size room with fridge, bathtub and free WiFi. Negative: You could hear everything your neighbours were talking about. Glad we had reasonably quiet neighbours! The breakfast was alright I suppose served a couple of doors down the road. Seemed stingy though that you had to choose between coffee OR juice.
bubble_50	We loved the location of this hotel, just across from the park in Chinatown and a short walk from the subway.  This was the cleanest hotel we have seen in a while in Manhattan in this price range. Well worth the stay and we highly recommend! If management reads this pleas let us know what brand the mattresses are... When the weather is warmer so many things are walkable from here. We had a nice view of the Freedom Tower too.
bubble_50	I used to live in NYC, and I was intrigued by the location of the Hotel Mulberry, south of Canal Street.  It's not the typical midtown experience.  Canal Street is lively and bustling during the day, and most of the major subway lines are walkable.  At night, it's quiet, but Little Italy is a few blocks north for night dining.  The staff at the hotel was professional and welcoming.  The room was quiet and squeaky clean. Breakfast was simple in a cafe a few door fronts down the block.   There are big "Welcome to Chinatown" signs close by that are a good way to get oriented.   I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
bubble_40	There is nothig extraordinary about this hotel, but it is very clean, quiet and decently priced. Overlooking a nice park, the room was a bit larger than most similarly priced Manhattan rooms, and had a nice sized bathroom. Bathroom toiletries were basic. Free wifi was ok speed. Location is good if convenient otherwise a bit out of the way.
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay here in Dec. when we traveled to NYC to get married. To our delight,  we were in Penthouse 1 for 3 wonderful nights. The staff is friendly and helpful and the desk staff accurate and efficient. The room was spacious and the view fantastic. I reported the wifi signal not working one night and within minutes(2) it was reset and operating. What a gem of a place and we found the location easy to navigate the subways from and plenty of great restaurants nearby. Will stay there again.
bubble_40	Comfy, though not large rooms.  Definitely a base rather than a destination.  Location was excellent surrounded by Chinatown restaurants.  We ate at Hop Lee one block over.  Breakfast was served at a small nearby cafe and was generous and tasty compared to what many chain hotels offer.
bubble_40	We spent three nights at the Hotel Mulberry this last December 2013.  The room was very clean and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Our room had a view of the park, it was lovely.  We had no problems with noise and the beds were super comfy.  The hotel is located in Chinatown surrounded by tons of yummy restaurants. Little Italy is a stones throw away I love the way the neighborhoods boundaries blur into one another.  If you need a taxi from the hotel, the front desk will call their service and get you a quote so you know how much the ride will cost prior to your journey.  Truthfully, I loved everything about this hotel and would recommend it to everyone.
bubble_50	Stayed here wanting to escape midtown, and it turned out to be a great decision. The hotel is easy to find, within a stone's throw of several subways, and ideally located for exploring Chinatown, Little Italy, and the East village.  When we arrived there was an array of pastries and bagels for guests to munch on in the lobby (it was New Years day) and the staff were pleasant. The room was standard size for NYC, and the two windows (yes even the bathroom had a window!) offered views of mostly Chinatown rooftops but with glimpses of the Manhattan, Williamsburg, and Brooklyn bridges. The bed was huge and incredibly comfortable and the room was quiet, so we slept very well. One of the highlights was the ability to control the temperature of the room as we were in the city during a
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry was a perfectly delightful hotel in the middle of Chinatown.  We wanted to stay as close to LIttle Italy as possible, however, there are very few affordable hotels around the Little Italy area.  When we found Hotel Mulberry, we were a bit skeptical, but we decided to trust the Certificate of Excellence granted by TripAdvisor.  We're so glad we did.  We were pleasantly surprised by the hotel in so many ways.  Our park view room was clean, comfortable, and equipped with satellite and free wifi.  We had a view of the park, which was beautifully layered with new fallen snow at the time we visited.  Breakfast vouchers were provided to Mama's restaurant a few doors down...be sure to arrive before 10AM.  What a great little breakfast!  It strikes me as odd that other
bubble_40	Stayed here in May and perfect hotel if on a budget. Our room was very small and no view but we were out most of the time. There is no restaurant but you get breakfast vouchers for a cafe a few doors down. Which seems a favorite with the local police.  The location is great and walking distance to subway and little Italy.
bubble_40	We travelled to NYC with two kids for 10 nights, and the room was spacious enough and well serviced throughout the visit. Easy to get around by walking or subways. Great Chinese food all around; next door to little Italy as well. Would stay there again.
bubble_40	If you are searching an ok place to sleep with very good location, Hotel Mulberry is your choise. There are lot's of interesting places nearby and also the subway is not far away. Rooms are big, beds comfortable, everything is clean and still looking new.   We did not have any view, but still liked the room a lot. The walls are thin, you can easely hear the voices outside, but at least in our room this was not a problem, second floor seemed to be very quiet.   Wr paid for the room too much, but it was over the new year, so I don't complain. Normally the price compared to quality is excellent.
bubble_30	Visited New York last May and we stayed at The Mulberry Hotel purely because it was in our price range and had good reviews.  The room wasnt overly spacious which was a bit of a shock, and didnt really have any views.. big comfy bed though! There is no restaurant at this hotel but you get a voucher for breakfast at a place 2 doors down. you dont get a huge selection for breakfast.. just eggs or pancakes.  The Mulberry Hotel sits right in the heart of china town so expect lots of disgusting smells when you walk to the nearest subway (about 15 minute walk). we also kept getting lost on our way back to the hotel so its not the easiest to find! Nonetheless, staff were friendly, and when we checked out my partner couldnt find his watch, and i thought he had packed it, but just as we
bubble_30	Stayed overnight to be in court early in the A.M. and avoid what promised to be a frigid commute on the coldest day in 20 years. Bed was comfortable, room was clean and the conference room serviceable. This is basically a clean, well appointed, modest boutique hotel on a quiet street across from Columbus park on the edge of Chinatown. Wifi is free and quite serviceable.  Mama's restaurant a few doors down provided the complimentary breakfast and was very friendly. There are no services at this hotel other than utility. But it serves that function very well. The parking garage two doors down is convenient and works.
bubble_40	I stayed for a week in this good little hotel. Very clean, comfortable and with all the amenities you'd expect. Location was great for colour (both Little Italy and Chinatown) and public transport options all over NYC - both by bus and subway. Breakfast was a bit basic but did the job. Free coffee provided in the lobby until lunchtime, a nice idea in mid winter! Staff at the 24 hr reception were helpful when needed. Overall, a bargain!
bubble_50	This is an immaculate hotel slotted discreetly between the surrounding buildings overlooking a lovely park area. The only problem is deciding on which way to turn left or right out of the door to all the great restaurants. The area is buzzing and the atmosphere is great. The hotel looks as though it has recently had a makeover it's that good - fresh decor, new bedding, lovely bathroom with not a hint of mould in sight. The hotel has a modern feel without being minimalist - a ruse often employed by hoteliers too tight to splash out on the decor. Not here though. The team are friendly and helpful and have good local knowledge. The subway is a stones throw away and everything is easily accessible. Oh, great beds and the shower was amazing.
bubble_40	We decide to stay down in Soho rather than Time Square and we're happy to say we did.  2 block walk to the subway and 2 block walk to little Italy.  Your a block to the thick of china town also. The Boutique hotel was clean , updated, very nice size for NY.  We had a 2 double bed room just due to what was available when we made our reservation but the beds were very comfortable. Breakfast was included you walk 6 doors down  to Mamas kitchen for a  choice of a 1/2 dozen fresh made breakfast options. Not a bad way to start your morning.  The staff was very nice and helpful.  They have a flat rate service to the airport which we were happy to pay, no hassles and a better ride than a yellow cab.  I'd stay again that's for sure.
bubble_40	Really nice hotel situated not far away from the centre of New York its just a subway ride away! Spacious, free Wifi and clean. Friendly, helpful staff and although they dont serve breakfast you get a voucher for a place a few doors down which is nice and varied breakfast. Not a far walk from the various subway stations, worth staying :D
bubble_50	Stayed here for two weeks while in NYC for business. The location is super convenient.  The rooms are good sized and some even have balconies. Breakfast is included though you have it in a cute little restaurant called Mama's a few doors down the block.  The entire property is spotless, the staff is fantastic, they could not be more helpful.  Parking is down the block and hotel validation saves you $8/day.  Little Italy and Chinatown are right there and Soho and Tribeca are a short walk or cab ride away.  In many respects it became a "home away from home" and I will absolutely stay here again
bubble_40	Clean and conveniently located hotel. Housekeeping was excellent. Subway to downtown and uptown is very close and taxi from 5th avenue costed 10-15 usd.  2 breakfast vouchers were included to stay but anyway prices in cafe are not high. Food was okay - very basic, but kids liked their french waffles.  The only issue was with air conditioner. Room was cold for kids. We had to move to another room in the middle of our stay. It was compensated with extra breakfast vouchers. Thanks hotel manager for this! Will consider staying here for our next NY visit.
bubble_50	The Mulberry Hotel is a very nice and immaculately clean hotel and the Staff is very helpful and friendly. It's located in Downtown Manhattan next to Columbus Park.  I highly recommend this hotel!  If you can, get one of the rooms with a deck overlooking Columbus Park because they are very nice and you have a great view of One Trade Center. If you are going to be married in NYC, this is the perfect place to stay: it's just 1 block (actually across the way from Columbus Park) from the Manhattan Marriage Bureau and, if you need a Judicial Waiver, that's just across the street from the Marriage Bureau...all within easy walking distance!
bubble_50	This hotel was amazing!! Having stayed in New York before in Times Square, the value, space and environment of this hotel were outstanding. You get so much much for your money staying out of the tourist trap and the sorrounding china town neighbourhood was charming. The subway is a two minute walk and takes you to Uptown in less than 10 minutes. Our room was so big with an amazing view of downtown New York and the new freedom Tower. We also overlooked colombus park which was very pretty and relaxing watching people learn tai chi. The beds were incredibly comfortable and the bathroom facilities were excellent.  We had a problem working the safe and TV (our stupidity) and these were seen to straight away.  Breakfast was exceptional value and you got a lot of food and a wide
bubble_50	Permanecemos 9 dias. A habitao 1202 muito confortvel com frigobar. Ficamos encantados com a educao, hospitalidade, disponibilidade e simpatia da equipe do hotel e do excelente e variado caf da manh o qual no  frequente num hotel em Nova York. A sua localizao  interessante: colado no bairro Cvico, no comeo do Chinatown a 5 minutos a p da Litle Italy e a uns 12 minutos a p do Soho. Vizinhana absolutamente segura. Chegamos numa ocasio de volta s 03:00 AM e fomos prontamente recebidos.   Espero voltar brevemente. Estou recomendando este hotel.  We remain 9 days at this hotel. Our room 1202 very comfortable with icebox. We were delighted with the education, hospitality, availability and friendliness of the hotel staff and the excellent and varied breakfast which is
bubble_50	From the minute we arrived at the hotel the hotel staff made the trip special.  They were so friendly courteous and helpful.  Rooms themselves were great very comfortable, not massive but big enough and spotless!  Great location so convenient to Little Italy in the middle of Chinatown and we could see the Freedom Tower from our bedroom.  Breakfast was in mamma's a little cafe a couple of doors down and was delicious every morning, lovely friendly staff.  We were given vouchers to present to hotel.  Hairdressers next door were brillant as a couple of us went for a pampering session, very quick and efficent and lovely results.  Would go back to New York in a heartbeat and especially this hotel!!
bubble_50	Lovely hotel, comfortable, convenient and very friendly efficient staff. Rooms are little small but extremely well serviced and spotless, breakfast voucher for cafe a few doors down. Service was very good. Only drawback regarding room sharing that if more than two people are in the same room ...only two vouchers are provided. Area very quiet at night and felt very safe
bubble_40	I loved the location of this hotel. The street is not incredibly busy, there's a park directly in front of it, and it's in the middle of Chinatown, and a stone's throw away from Little Italy. I've been to NY a couple of times before and always stood right in Times Square, and I don't think I'll ever do that again. Times Square is about a 5-10 minute subway ride from here. The room itself was nice. It was small but I think all rooms in NY are. The bed and pillows were very comfy. I thought the walls could have used some new paint, but that's just me being picky. The front desk people, and the bellhop's were very nice. Breakfast a couple doors down was actually really good. Better than most continental breakfasts hotels give you. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Clean, comfortable, convenient.  Small rooms, breakfast voucher for cafe a few doors down.  Service was very good.  In Chinatown, which offered many close-by options for dining.  Will hopefully have a chance to stay again.
bubble_40	This hotel was very nice.  The rooms was small with not much move around room.  There were 4 women sharing the room.  The room and hotel was very clean.  The beds were very comfortable.  Breakfast came with the room rate but we only used it once as the food was terrible.  Also only 2 of the four were able to use the free voucher.  I feel that everyone in the room should be allowed the free option.  The view from our room was wonderful.
bubble_50	Having read the reviews on tripadvisor the hotel did not disappoint. Good location, clean room, fantastic view, great shower, top breakfast, wonderful staff, reasonable price. I cannot think of a single negative thing to say! In the words of nike 'Just book it'!!
bubble_50	This hotel I a gem in new york china town. The beds are super comfortable and the hotel itself is very close to subway. I loved staying here and recommend it to anyone wanting to stay away from the hustle of time square. There is a great lil park across the street where people do tai chi in the morning.
bubble_50	We reviewed many hotels on TripAdvisor in NYC and Hotel Mulberry was the best value in lower Manhattan.  The hotel is fairly new with large rooms for NYC.  Nice view over Columbus Park from the upper floors facing Mulberry Street.  Beds are very comfy and the bathroom was the cleanest bathroom I've ever seen in a hotel.  Location is about two blocks from the Canal Street subway station to the north and two blocks from the Brooklyn Bridge/City Hall station to the south.  It is a short walk to the Brooklyn Bridge for those who want to get a good look at the bridge and Grimaldi's pizza is just under the bridge on the Brooklyn side.  Free breakfast is served three doors down at Mama's restaurant.  Had the omelet and OJ most mornings which was plenty to get us started for the day.
bubble_40	Very nice place love the breakfast every morning and the view . Everything was good definitely will stay again. If you are looking for an affordable and great stay in New York this is a good place to stay
bubble_50	I loved this hotel.  It is newer and it is centrally located to little Italy, Chinatown, Amazing Breakfast at Mama's next door, and looks over park.  The Bed was super comfy and the bathroom was nice and large.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Hotel is very clean, cool (it was very humid when we were there).  Air conditioning excellent, water pressure good.  Beds were fantastic.  Breakfast was included, ordered off a menu, it was good.  Location in the heart of Chinatown and very close to Little Italy.  Many many restaurants very close by.  Front desk staff helpful and pleasant!
bubble_50	From Canada, family of 4 and our first time in NYC. We stayed one week at the Mulberry Hotel in Chinatown and we absolutely loved it ! Clean, friendly staff....small hotel but very comfortable. We felt safe and our room was just perfect. Beds were extremely comfortable and we could set the room temperature for those warmer nights. The view from our room was so much fun. Big widows and in front of a park so morning, day or nights, there's people playing in the park. We could hear some traditional Chinese music each morning and we could see a group of Chinese ladies dancing and exercising. Chinatown is crazy busy but so what....that's what makes it fun. People everywhere, selling all sorts of stuff and yes, we can smell all sorts of different things....fish, traditional foods
bubble_30	The Mulberry has the best bed I have ever slept in, the rooms are clean and modern. Breakfast is served in a cafe a called Mamas which is a few doors down and I found the options for guests was a small snapshot of the normal menu and the portions very small, other guests regularly paid for what they wanted. The location is pretty good but the area of Chinatown is a bit grubby, directly in front of the hotel is Columbus park which is also home to some rats but I will say although its bit of tardy area the police presence is high and you do feel safe.
bubble_50	The hotel is located in Tribeca, right in the heart of Chinatown. It is fairly new and rather small. Appears they only have 3 rooms on a floor, 12 stories high. The rooms are small, but we could fit in 2 adults and 2 little kids plus 3 large bags/suitcases without tripping. The rooms are clean, the beds were excellent. The airconditioning is a central system working great and rather silent. This part of the City also is quiet at night, overlooking a sports field and park. couple of good chines restaurants  around teh corner, eas well as Little Italy being a block away. The breakfast is taken at Mamas Diner next door. Food quality is okay and prices are fair. The Hotel gives you 2 vouchers for a bagel, joghurt and a coffee (if you book breakfast incl.), but only for the adults,
bubble_40	found this hotel through trip advisor.  Very good.  Breakfast included.  You will have to walk out of the hotel turn left and go to a little restaurant where you can have the most delicious pancakes.  Spent two days in May and like it.  Clean and confortable.
bubble_50	I found this little gem of a hotel on tripadvisor.  All the reviews were really good so I took a chance.   I was REALLY pleased with the hotel.  It was in a really interesting area of Chinatown across from Columbus Park.  We walked to the 911 Memorial from the hotel.  Great restaurants in Chinatown and the nice thing is that Little Italy is just a moment's walk away too so we had Italian food one night.  The staff was very knowledgeable and super helpful-even suggesting that we borrow an umbrella from the hotel on our walk (and we were very thankful we had it when we got caught in a downpour).  The room was spacious and very new and clean.  LOTS of outlets for charging phones, cameras, etc.  Parking was convenient in the separate (pay) lot just doors down.   I definitely would
bubble_40	Stayed for 5 nights in deluxe suite with balcony.  Nice location next to Columbus park in bustling Chinatown. Check in was fast and efficient. Room clean and tidy. The balcony was large and had magnificent views over the skyscrapers in south Manhattan including Freedom Tower. Housekeeping was excellent.   I don't give the hotel 5 "stars" for the following reasons: - Breakfast. It is served in an eatery a few steps from the hotel's entrance and not quite what I expected from a hotel in this price range. Not bad, but very basic. - I would have preferred a harder bed. - A few, very minor annoyances: WIFI wasn't working properly one evening. Two times the card didn't work when we wanted to get in to our room - had to go back to the lobby and recharge it.   Will definitely consider
bubble_50	For my first trip to New York I looked at what seemed like hundreds of hotels before I found this wee gem.  Situated in downtown Manhattan on the doorstep of Chinatown and Little Italy it was ideally suited to me for my stay.  The room was large compared to others I had looked at and it was spotlessly clean with an extremely comfy bed.  There was a little park opposite with a Chinese pavilion and you could watch the locals practising Tai Chi or playing Mahjong or cards.  Breakfast was served in a little cafe 3 doors down and set us up for the day.  My son and I both really enjoyed our stay and  would highly recommend it.
bubble_40	Hotel is conveniently located near the Chinatown and Little Italy district. The three best Chinese restos are all walking distance. Staff are courteous. Room is comfortable. Bang for the buck this place is OK. My only negative comment is the trek to the nearest train is two blocks. So if it's raining or snowing, the walk can be an adventure.
bubble_50	What a little gem this hotel is! Quiet and clean, modern and affordable (by NY standards), this hotel is located in the heart of Chinatown, close to Little Italy and the Lower East Side. It was like an oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the city. The neighborhood is really safe and the hotel overlooks a nice little park right across the street. It really was so peaceful there - every morning a small group of neighborhood residents gathered early for their Tai Chi exercises with gentle Chinese music playing in the background. Nearby are shops, restaurants and subway access within easy walking distance. There is garage parking at a discount for guests literally two doors down. Our room was surprisingly spacious and modern. Loved it! I only have two minor complaints:
bubble_40	I stayed at Hotel Mulberry in June 2013 on a quick business trip. I was looking for a place that would offer the government lodging rate, which doesn't go far in NYC. I thought my only options would be to stay way outside of the city or else stay in some flophouse. But lo and behold, I found Hotel Mulberry (by using trip advisor of course). The price was right and the location was impossible to beat: Right in the heart of chinatown, a 10 minute walk from Wall Street and ground zero, a 5 minute walk to Little Italy and a 10 minute walk to all the good bars and restaurants in NOLA. Yes, the room was small, but it's New York after all, what do you expect? The staff were helpful, the room was clean, and I was 100% satisfied.
bubble_40	Hotel was clean and well kept up.  Quiet for New York City, although had a loud neighbor one night.  Walls a bit thin.  Great bed and shower.  Very comfortable.   Staff is great and very helpful.  They were able to get us a private taxi to JFK, since most yellow cap drivers don't want to go there.  We were quite desperate and this allowed us to make our flight.
bubble_50	We absolutely loved this hotel - stuck right in the middle of Chinatown.  I took other tripadvisors advice and booked a room overlooking the park.  Simply stunning.  The room, bed and bathroom were fantastic.  The staff were extremely courteous and were very helpful.  We could walk everywhere from here - down to 9/11, to the Brooklyn Bridge and to Soho just to name a few.  A really perfect position.  We absolutely loved it and the comments you read on Tripadvisor are so helpful as well
bubble_20	First let me say this is a very cute and clean hotel. Now... The bed is soft but the pillows are the thick hard kind that either give you a neck ache or you head slides off of. The hotel looks like a nice quiet hotel, but it is very loud. A late night guest checking in the room next to us woke me up with the sound of the employee and them just talking and getting them into the room. Then they got on the phone sometime late and we could hear their phone conversation. Wood flops in the hallway and old building with little insulation between the rooms. Outside below our level was a patio level again, people on the patio and wee could hear the conversations.  We were set to stay two nights but could not bear the thought of another sleepless night. The hotel staff refused to give us
bubble_40	Located in Chinatown in a great location, quiet and feeling more like a neighbourhood and homely. Lots to see and eat around too. Conveniently located to the Canal st area. The rooms were large and clean
bubble_40	I had the pleasure to stay here with my family for a week or so in May 2013. The room we got was large and also a requirement for us since we traveled with a very active little toddler. Superb beds and and excellent location, just a 5min stroll from the nearest Metro. Very close to Little Italy as well, with a plethore of nice restaurants. Complimente!  The wifi connection in our room, room 602, was REALLY bad and couldn't be rectified during our stay. The router was placed in the roof behind a concrete slab so we could very well see the reason for this. Reception while waiting for the elevator was excellent!  The hotel is a bit on the pricey side, but definitely worth it for the location.   I have no problem recommending the Mulberry Hotel.
bubble_50	This hotel provided a great comfort zone for our adventure in the City for Memorial Day weekend. Located in Chinatown close to Little Italy, there is a lot to see and do nearby. With a Metro station 2 blocks away, we could quickly and efficiently get anywhere we wanted to go. From a Broadway Play to the Staten Island Ferry, we did see a lot and always enjoyed getting beck to our clean and comfortable room at the Hotel Mulberry.  The best parts were the view from our Penthouse room and the comfortable bed.
bubble_40	For a hotel near downton Manhattan, Hotel Mulberry has really large rooms and comfy beds. The decor is a little mismatched, but the rooms are clean and pleasant to stay in. Our room had a nice view of the park and we could see people doing their morning exercises daily. The hotel provides complimentary breakfast for 2. The breakfast is alright, eggs, toast, fries, but could offer healthier options as part of the complimentary breakfast. Service is good and people are friendly, though you are more likely to feel like you are in Hong Kong instead of downton Manhattan. It's quite near the Canal Street Station, which is just a 4-stop ride via the Q train to Times Square.   Only thing, because it's Chinatown (nothing really to do with the hotel), the area is not really clean. The
bubble_50	I selected this hotel to be away from the madness of midtown. Located in the heart of Chinatown, across from Columbus Park, this hotel is a true gem. The location is also convenient to Little Italy and Soho, as well as to the subway with access to all parts of the city. In addition, my family and I felt safe particularly given the hotels proximity to the courthouse. You can expect to see many NYPD Officers. The room itself was clean, attractive, and well-stocked with the usual standards. The beds were exceptionally comfortable. Breakfast was included at Mamas, four doors down from the hotel. Guests can select set items from the menu. Another attribute of the hotel is that it is close to many attractions, especially the Freedom Tower (we had a great view from the 10th floor, and
bubble_50	This is a quite new/renovated hotel in Chinatown just across Columbus Park. We got a nice room on the 10th floor with a wonderful view of the city and Columbus Park. Every morning you could see the chinese ladies doing their tai-chi.  Clean room, nice beds and a nice bathroom added to the great room experience. Breakfast was served next door at the cafe called Mama's. For breakfast you hade several option and it tasted good.  The location in China town is very nice and with short distance to Lower East Side and East Village. The subway in canal street is just 2 mins away from the hotel.  Polite and helpful staff at the front desk helped us when needed.  Only con was the price, but this is general for New York-hotels, I guess.
bubble_30	The hotel is well located, close to few metro station and it is clean with nice view. Nothing special but you are in a safe quarter and you can reach most of the Manhattan attraction with the Metro. Breakfast does not have too much choice but, ok.
bubble_50	This hotel is a perfectly nice little modern Chinatown hotel. The people are friendly, the rooms are nice and clean, and the view is fantastic (Freedom Tower can be seen from the bed), but the best part is the location. If you like the atmosphere of Chinatown and Little Italy - this is the place. If you want to be Downtown and ealily connected - this is the place. And if you - like me - are an history buff, who loves New York and Five Points history - staying here, you are in the middle of it.
bubble_40	Our room was small even by European standards, and the walls were not noise-proof by any means.  Nevertheless, it all worked.  The bath was well equipped and sparkling clean.  Moreover, the staff at the front desk couldn't have been more friendly and helpful.  If you're spending the night in Little Italy or Chinatown, we'd certainly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	Friendly, helpful  staff. Rooms nice and spacious, we had a room with a sun terrace/balcony over looking a park opposite. We loved the early morning tai chi classes, a great atmosphere.My Only niggle was we had paper cups in the room.  Breakfast is in a little cafe four doors away, delicious with a good choice, which sets you up for a day exploring. My only niggle again was all cups, plates and cutlery disposable, maybe this is normal for the USA ! Great location in Chinatown, atmosphere  buzzy with some lovely restaurants just minutes away.Three minutes walk to subway which has good connections to uptown and downtown Manhattan.
bubble_50	This place was terrific!  I went with my three sons (14,12 & 10) and stayed in a double queen room. Plenty of room, great, sunny view of a really fun-to-observe and pretty park and the Freedom Tower.  Everything was super clean, good quality linens, comfortable beds and the staff was very nice and low-key.  Also, very, very quiet at night, which was awesome (neighborhood is not sketchy - we walked down from Little Italy after 11 pm one night and I did not feel at all nervous).  Everything you need for a launch point to explore NY, especially if you love Downtown/SoHo/Tribeca/Battery Park etc.  I'm picky (usually stay at high end hotels) and researched this for hours, Yelping and Trip Advisoring and Booking.com-ing...made and cancelled many reservations elsewhere in the process.
bubble_40	what a delightful new hotel.  Not for everyone though, as there is no restaurant or bar in it, nor an exercise room, nor a pool, but teh rooms are nicely appointed and comfy.  Our room at the front of the hotel overlooked a quiant neghborhood park, where folks joined and exited TAI CHI, done by the locals.  OH, did I fail to mention this is at the edge of chinatown with Little Italy a short 4 blocks away.  What a great cultural experience, while being able to walk the brooklyn bridge and enjoy that side of NY.  Staff was very courteous
bubble_40	We stayed for 3 nights at this very neat and clean hotel in an interesting part of the city, Chinatown and Little Italy.The staff was friendly and accomodating. Breakfast was included at a restaurant a few doors down and was cooked to order and ample. The neighborhood has a loot of histrory and is within a short walk of the 9/11 memorial.
bubble_40	We stayed 5 nights in 2 rooms and liked the rooms which were spacious, clean, modern and comfortable. The hotel has a good location close to many sights and to the subway. The breakfast in Mama's Eatry nearby is inclusive and we appreicated the fresh fruit that was served with the pancakes. The area in China town is very chinese which makes it exotic. And it is a big park opposite the Hotel where the Chinese meet for exercise or sit togehter. The Canal street is a bit rough but you are also close (walking distance) to Little Italy, Soho and Nolita (the last two are Young and trendy quarters with many nice boutiques and restaurarants. the Hotel is a good choice for a payable accommodation with modern Standard on Manhattan.
bubble_50	From making my reservations to check out was such a great experience.  I had made a special request for my check in and way beyond my suprise the made me happy. I arrived really early and they held my bag while I walked around city till they called me for early check in. They room was ultra clean and the bed linens and towels smelled like fabric softener. I had a king suite with terrace and had a magnificent view. The breakfast was at MaMas cafe and was awesome. My checkout was easy and they held my bags for a couple hours so I could walk around city and pick them up. Overall Great Stay would recommend to anyone
bubble_30	Our stay would have been perfect... convenient location, clean, nicely decorated room, VERY nice bathroom... BUT our key would not work when we returned to our room at 11pm... the manager had no way to enter the room because the mechanism on the door had a dead battery.. He offered us another room for the night ( all of our belongings were in our room) because he couldn't get a locksmith at that hour and he would have to drill through the lock and it would wake the other guests..We said that was not acceptable and after much complaining by us, the room was opened at 12 :20 AM, we took our belongings to another room and finally slept.   When we checked out  I asked what they could do for us because of the problem ( I was thinking no charge on our room would have been the right
bubble_40	I've just stayed 3 nights at this hotel and I can only say good things about it.  It is a modest hotel but it's extremely clean and efficient.  And of course, their prices are very low compared to anything else you find in Manhattan.   The service is really good and everyone is pleasant and trying to help.    Wifi was free but a little flaky.  The thing I didn't like much about the hotel, was that the breakfast was serviced by an outside restaurant (Mama Eatery).  You would have to take a coupon from the front desk and then walk to street and down few doors.   Not too bad except when the weather is harsh.   I also wish they had a fitness room...   But otherwise, it's a great place to sleep in when you're in downtown Manhattan.    At night, the area is pretty silent and you need
bubble_50	I stayed there for business. The location is very good, and since this is downtown it is close to Broadway, J&R..and most important to China town. The hotel staff is very nice and the room is clean. The BED was fantastic. The Bathroom big, clean, with nice massage soap and many towels. The hotel is facing a small park with you can see TaiChi and people playing Chinees music.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed staying at this great hotel. Perfect location, surrounded by many little restaurants in China Town. Be sure you have a view on the park, which also looks out on the Court Building and even the Freedom Tower! Nice rooms with soft beds, only the breakfast is a bit too simple.
bubble_50	I planned a 5 day trip to New York as a surprise for my mother and spent long periods trying to choose the perfect hotel. I had read some very positive reviews and was particularly impressed by the photos previous guests had posted showing the excellent location of the hotel, overlooking Columbus Park and with the new One World Center building in the background. I cannot praise this hotel enough. The staff were all very friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived at the hotel and were also knowledgeable about the local area. The location of the hotel is perfect- right in the heart of Chinatown and very close to areas such as the financial district and little Italy. There are also metro stops very close by which get you to almost any area of the city very easily. Our bedroom
bubble_40	We chose to stay here because (considering the price of parking garages in NYC) we wanted to walk to the 9/11 memorial in lower Manhattan but also walk to the tenement museum on the Lower East side and to Lombardi's next to Little Italy. We got to do all that and more. Please know that parking is difficult. We arrived at 2 am for check-in and the parking garage that the hotel recommends a few doors down was closed (36$ for 24 hours is a little expensive anyway) and there was no parking on the street because it was friday night. There is a police station across the street and even the police officers we asked could not suggest a parking place because they said the signs are unclear. It took a LONG time to find a spot and we ended up with a 115$ parking ticket saturday morning so
bubble_30	This is a good hotel make no mistake. It is very geared towards a mid level business traveler particular one from Asia. The area can be a bit sketchy after dark and you do need to budget time and money for a taxi to anywhere you might want to do business (unless you work in catering or hotels of course). The is a sleeping space no more but it does that very well indeed. I would use it again.
bubble_50	Very modern, Very Clean, and in a great location. Rooms are a little on the small side but still very comfortable. The beds are like sleeping on a cloud. I wanted to take one home.lol.. I recomend getting a room with a terrace. The view is wonderful. You can watch the people in the park located accross the street from the hotel or look at the wonderful new york skyline including the world trade center, which is only a short walk away. The hotel is located in chinatown and is  within walking distance to many places of interest like the brooklyn bridge and little italy. The staff are very friendly and helpful. This is my second stay at hotel mullberry and plan on going back again.
bubble_50	Great hotel, modern, clean, inexpensive and perfectly located. Breakfast at little diner next door is complimentary and just fine but only starts at 7 AM - a bit late if you have early commitments. The room was great, I couldn't have asked for more. Dumplings next door rock. Walk within 10 min to anywhere in Chinatown or Little Italy. I actually walked all the way to the Met but that was a bit long.
bubble_50	This was a very nice, clean, and comfortable hotel. The staff was curtious, helpful, and went out of their way to assist us with every request. Even after check-out, we were not leaving until 9:30 pm, they checked our bags and held our shopping purchases from various drop-offs during the day. They made our first trip to NY a very pleasent one. For $110 a night (plus Tax), they will be at the top of our list for future trips to New York's Chinatown.
bubble_50	I really wonder if I should be writing this review, because I may ruin a Very Good Thing. Finding a clean, light place under $125 for two in NYC is nearly impossible, and having it be nicer than many hotels costing 3-4 times as much is almost too much to comprehend. Admittedly, this was on winter rates that double up March 1. Still and all, it was an amazing value, with all the amenities any but the most fussy could possibly want. The beds, TV, bath and all the other appointments were great. No complaints whatsoever. It is located in Chinatown right across the street from Columbus Park, which treats you to a Tai Chi show every morning in good and bad weather. The difference is the amount of down worn by the senior practitioners of this ancient art. You even get a free breakfast
bubble_40	This is a wonderful hotel that we've stayed at several times and never been disappointed. It's conveniently located (especially if you've arrived on the Fung Wah bus), beautifully furnished, very clean, and reasonably priced. We've recommended it to several friends. But yesterday, during a cold and heavy rain, I saw the desk clerk eject a wet and despondent couple and their baby who asked to use the restroom to change their baby. Now admittedly, they weren't guests (just passing Australian tourists) and had no right to use the facilities, but it would have been the decent thing to do.  And a little kindness might have won them over as future customers.  So have a heart Hotel Mulberry--you're a classy little place that should know better.
bubble_50	For our wedding weekend, and after much online research, we had our choices for hotels in New York City narrowed down to two. The selling point for the Hotel Mulberry: Its rooms are about twice the size of hotel rooms you might find elsewhere for a very reasonable price (we spent about $1,300 for three nights in their best suite, the king suite terrace, 12th floor). Our out-of-town family stayed at the hotel, too, and everyone was very happy with their rooms, especially the double, which was huge. The service is outstanding; we were on the 12th floor, and when we called down to reception for something, someone was at our door within minutes. We never had to call twice. They were incredibly helpful with loading and unloading the car, and they even dropped off a fresh fruit basket
bubble_40	value for money is excellent. we paid $140 for 3 people in a large room. clean and new sheets, comfortable bathroom, quiet. 5 minute walk from the Grey dog, which is a great place to start the morning at. location is great, and if you come with a car, it is very easy to park in front of the hotel. very recommended
bubble_50	This hotel is wonderfully situated in a peaceful and safe location opposite a beautiful park where people congregate to relax, sing, exercise and meditate.  The room was unbelievably big for New York and contained a full set of furniture and two of the most unbelievably comfortable double beds we had ever slept on away.  As my pal and I were eagerly out early and didnt return until evening it was excellent that noise pollution internally and externally of the hotel was nonexistent.The flat screen TV had few but adequate channels for viewing. The bathroom was beautifully clean and tiled.  The shower or should I say fire hydrant was yet another juicy bonus.We thought at first it was a little strange to have breakfast contracted to a neighbouring cafe however again it was a
bubble_30	Much bigger room than expected. Looks new and certainly very clean. Right in the heart of Chinatown.  Biggest disappointment is the paper thin wall and floors. Footsteps upstairs, conversations in corridor......
bubble_50	We stayed in Hotel Mulberry for almost a week and we had a pleasant stay. The hotel looks really nice, the front desk is very helpful. The rooms are nice and modern, and the most important: CLEAN. The shower was the best one we ever had in a hotel. The breakfast, a few doors down at Mama's, is really excellent. The location is great too: a short walk from Canal St Subway Station. The park outside is really lively and together with the surrounding streets will give you the proper Chinatown experience. We strongly recommend Mulberry Hotel!
bubble_50	I'm not a raving praise sort of person but I'm going to make an exception for this place.  The good: The price The neighborhood Well thought out room (empty outlets next to the bed, intelligently designed lights, practical furniture) Nice bathroom with tub Free breakfast Free internet  The bad: The heat is erratic and loud Scented detergent used on sheets and towels  As you can see the good far outweighs the bad.  The only people who should hesitate before booking here are those that will be uncomfortable in a neighborhood that is very foreign.  For us, that just added to the adventure!
bubble_40	This is fairly simple hotel with large comfortable rooms in Chinatown. Rooms are clean and beds are comfy. Our room was facing Columbus Park, so you can watch locals to exercise Tai Chi and play board games. It's not a 5 star hotel with luggage porters waiting you to tip for opening a door. Instead the service feels genuinely friendly and helpful when you need it. Breakfast is offered in a cafe next door. It wasn't continental but American style, so coffee, juice, fries, egg, beacon and toast with plastic tools. Not a very healthy style to start a day but seems to be enjoyed by NY finest. It takes some time to walk to the subway and streets can be packed because of the normal Chinatown puzzle. Good value for money when you take into account that we are in NY. Stayed for 6 nights.
bubble_50	No, it is not a property with bellhops and room service. Since most people can roll their own suitcase these days and enjoy dining out in NYC, this is a great place to stay at the edge of Chinatown. Three best qualities: super comfortable bed; great shower pressure; clean and new. For $150/night plus tax I had a huge terrace on floor 7 that overlooked Columbus Park and was never disturbed by street noise, even with the window open. I can't imagine anyone complaining about FREE breakfast at Mama's. The counter ladies are friendly and you have about 8 choices of breakfast, which you can take back to your room if you like. And yes, there are always NY cops there...cool. Two metro stations within 10 min. walk or less: Canal Street, Chambers St/Brooklyn Bridge. Easy walk to Tribeca,
bubble_30	We stayed in the hotel over new years. Location was good, reasonable close to the subway, area seemed to be safe and plenty of good Chinese restaurants around the corner. Room size was good and seemed clean at all times. Bed was uneven and soft, so after few nights, we both had back-aches. AC or ventilation, was very loud with no option to turn it off form the room. Breakfast was awful, typically served in the shabby caf next door, it was greasy, no cereal or yoghurt, just eggs in their different variety. Closer to new years, caf was closed and breakfast was served in the hotel lobby, with no proper place to eat, food would get cold and choice was between cold scrambled eggs and cold pancakes.Nobody mentioned anything about this change upon arrival. Would not stay there
bubble_30	Stayed here over New Year, clean rooms - bleach stained cover - was changed on second complaint.  Mama's where you are meant to get your complimentary breakfast, had decided to close so breakfast was served in the lobby - not great!  We complained and were given the option to have breakfast in our rooms - again not good as we were away with another couple so this was not a very sociable option - plus we had heard all the good things about eating in Mama's ie apparently the NYPD use it a lot so we thought this would be a nice touch!  Overall the beds were comfy - location great for Little Itally China Town Brooklyn Bridge Soho etc and nice and quiet for NYC rooms at the front overlook the park - i would recoment getting one of these as the view is quite pleasant.  if you are
bubble_30	We booked into the Mulberry Hotel for 4 nights over New Year.  We were told on arrival that the cafe would be closed for breakfast for the duration of our stay, and that breakfast would be served in the 'lobby'  which had room to seat around 8 persons, we were not very happy about this advance warning would have been helpful.  The rooms were quiet, clean, although there were stains on bed covers, and the furniture was very basic, but the bed was comfortable. Park view was nice, location was very good.  We have stayed in uptown NY a couple of times before, we much preferred to stay in this area for the bars and restaurants, shopping, which are all a stones throw away.  Staff were very friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	This was our first trip to New York so we  took friends advice on the most fun locations to stay in and they weren't wrong as china town is fascinating and little Italy and Greenwich village are close by too.  So having got a location we used this sites recommendations and reviews to find a hotel and it was a good call. Although the hotel is small the rooms are a good size, we had a twin double room for the 4 of us. Breakfast in the cafe next door seamed a little odd at first but actually was great with lots of choice.  The staff were quiet but accommodating. We felt very comfortable and relaxed here at all times.
bubble_50	The Hotel Mulberry is a great value in NYC.  I stayed with my 22 yr. old son and the location was perfect for us.  Easy access to the subway and the free breakfast was amazing...eggs, bacon, pancakes, etc....  The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable, there was a mini fridge and the private terrace was a real plus - overlooking the lower west end and the Freedom Tower. The staff went out of their way to accommodate us and being in China Town within a 10 min walk to Little Italy was great.  I've been to NYC many times and I would choose Hotel Mulberry over any hotel in Midtown !
bubble_50	We fell on this hotel by chance having been unable to secure some accommodation in New Jersey for the full duration of our stay and so booked it for our final night in New York (New Year's eve). A month before arriving we were bumped from our New Jersey accommodation and our agents finally (that's another story!) offered us the opportunity to stay at Hotel Mulberry though it would mean some bed hopping as they didn't have one room available for our full stay.  We contacted the hotel various times by email and they were always quick to reply and helpful.  We arrived after midnight on our first night and the staff were again pleasant and helpful. The king size room with pull out third bed turned out to be on the penthouse floor (perhaps they were just superstitious about floor
bubble_30	To put this review into perspective, my preferred hotels in NYC, assuming I can get a good deal, are the Westin in Time Square, or the Grand Hyatt at Grand Central Station.  The Hotel Mulberry was a cheap little hotel trying very hard to do a good job and to make themselves appear to be a "boutique" type hotel. It was very clean. The people at the front desk were pleasant and helpful. I would never have stayed in this neighborhood except that I had trouble finding a good hotel deal that particular weekend, so we experienced a new part on NYC, which was fun. One of the reasons we chose this hotel was that the reviews on Tripadvisor were very positive.  The hotel rate of $249/night was a rip-off; it was simply not worth what they charged. I later found deals for 4-star midtown
bubble_50	Stayed here for a 2 night stop over in October with our 2 teenage kids.  Did wonder if we had made a good choice as the taxi ride through China Town looked a bit ropey but the hotel was first class.  We all shared a balcony room which had plenty of space for the short time we were there, everything was spotless, and the breakfast experience was kind of fun.  All that and a park on the doorstep.  And to echo an earlier review we took the subway and walked several blocks well after dark with not a hint of trouble.
bubble_40	I stayed in Hotel Mulberry this past weekend. I found the room to be small, but very clean and for NYC relatively inexpensive. The room that my mother and I shared had a great view of the city. The beds were big and they felt like sleeping on a cloud. The hotel was within walking distance to a subway stop, but not within walking distance to any really big touristy sights. The staff were very friendly and helpful. They kept our bags for the entire day after we had checked out and given us plenty of advice on directions and good, inexpensive places to eat that were close. Overall, I would say that it was a pleasant stay and I would stay there again.
bubble_50	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! We have been going the friday after Thanksgiving for 15 years. The last few years we stayed in Times Square but wanted to try something else. Our only complaint would be the noise level between rooms. The walls are thin. We stayed in room 702 with a terrace, which was awesome! The front desk was very helpful and stored our luggage when we arrived early. We never felt uneasy about the area and we were 2 women that did not come in until after 11pm almost every night. We enjoyed looking over at the park everyday and seeing the older people playing cards and doing Tai Chi. One day it rained and the hotel provided complimentary umbrellas. The breakfast is provided by a restaurant a few doors down. It is a set menu of about 7 items. It is a decent
bubble_50	Well I was looking for a hotel that wouldn't cast much in NYC and it was hard.I saw this hotel in Chinatown and it is also around the corner from Little Italy which is great cause I love Chinese food and Italian food and being from Boston I am real picky about Italian food.The hotel was clean,comfy,had a balcony,and a cool view and away from all the craziness of downtown and so much better priced than downtown.2 comfy beds,beautiful bathroom,awesome big balcony,very clean,and free breakfast.The only thing you need to know is the room key turns on the lights so leave it in there,the balcony door handle needs to be lifted up in order to lock,and I advise not using car service hotel will call since the guy asked me directions to 30 Rockefeller Center and it costs about $10 more
bubble_40	We were safe and comfortable in Chinatown at this hotel which is located in a quiet part of a famous street opposite Columbas Park where the locals do Tai Chi, play soccer and basketball) on synthetic services..   We stayed for four nights.  the management and staff were a bit offhand at times but generally met our requests, for example provided a bottle opener and assisted in operating the safe very promptly.  The breakfasts at Mamas a few doors down are appalling (greasy poorly presented  poor quality food with rude staff) and definitely to be avoided.  We recommend trying to get a tariff without this addition.  We were dismayed by the paper cups but at least we were able to make a cup of tea in our rooms (which does not seem to be a feature of American hotels - or at least
bubble_50	Just returned from 2 night getaway with our teenaged sons who love Chinatown.  With a ton of cautions about staying in Chinatown by our NYC relatives (who assured us there weren't any nice hotels in Chinatown) I trusted my research and went ahead and booked a room at the Hotel Mulberry.  I love it when I am right!  Great location, exceptionally CLEAN, beautifully appointed rooms.  Plenty of room in the modern bathroom, and an exceptional shower (great water pressure!). The beds were so comfortable with fluffy duvets and great mattresses.  All 4 of us stayed in one room w/ 2 queen beds (SO many NYC hotels only offer doubles).  We even brought an air mattress that fit perfectly so our sons could have their own beds.  Breakfast included for 2 of us- was a bonus.  We sampled soup
bubble_40	A decent hotel choice for NYC for its price/quality ratio, is situated in a nice spot of Chinatown, facing the small and very pleasant Colombus Park. Ideal position for strolling through south Manhattan, has good Metro connections nearby (City Hall station is more convenient than Canal Street). Rooms are spacious, clean and well equipped, although the shower is quite cumbersome to use effectively (an american standard, we were told afterwards). Personnel is of course chinese, quite helpful but did not know how to take care of an erratic a/c behavior (finally they did a total reset of the system control). Wi-fi reception was excellent throughout the building. The breakfast offered at the nearby eatery is an all-american experience, but for a longer stay is rather lacking variety,
bubble_50	Loved it. We were a little worried since it was our first trip to NY. Hotel was perfect for us. There was a total of 5 of us (3 little ones 7, 5, and 4). Hotel staff was great help with everything from directions to luggage. Easy walking to Metro stations, Chinatown and Little Itlay as well. We were very happy and will definitely stay again if we get the chance
bubble_40	...but there are some things that make this hotel just a little downmarket for its price: The Cons:  o They do not provide glass glasses, only paper glasses in the room.  o The pillows are synthetic and hard, no feather pillows are available.  o The coffee provided in the room is instant!  But there is fresh perked coffee downstairs in the lobby, which in our case, was 12 floors down.  o The cost to use the phone in this hotel is $2.00 per minute even if you are making a local call!!!!  o You need to be prepared for the location of this hotel.  This is not uptown or even mid-town standards.  You are in the heart of China Town with its street markets and vendors and the touts on Canal Street are constantly at you to buy their knock-off purses and other wares.  We are very
bubble_50	The Mulberry is a nice boutique hotel located in Chinatown near Little Italy.  Staff members were very nice and helped us enjoy our time in New York.  Our room was quiet and pleasant.  We enjoyed walking around the area near the hotel.  A full breakfast (included) was served in a nearby restaurant.
bubble_40	Overall rating is very good. Our room 1002 is comfortable, spacious, very clean with 2 good queen size beds, good quality flat screen TV, well equipped bath room, nice view of the park. The noise of the shower of the room above us is the only weakness. Staff is helpful and friendly. We stayed here during Sandy hurricane, the receptionist walked up to the 10th floor to give a us a flash light because of power outage (in all NYC downtown). We were grateful to have hot water in the bath room during the 4 nights of power outage. The receptionist managed to book for us a limo transportation to JFK airport at reasonable price while there was shortage of taxis in the city due to Sandy aftermath.
bubble_40	You might miss the entrance to this nice hotel as it is squashed between a hairdresser shop and a restaurant but don't let it mislead you. Facing a  park where elderly chinese man and woman exercise shiatsu every morning and play cards in the afternoon, the hotel is offers relatively spacious rooms, included breakfast and delicious authentic neigborhoods - on top of Chinatown it is walking distance to Little Italy and Tribeca whre we found delicious restaurants and a cool bar.  There were also minus issues in the hotel:  Its unstable (free) Wi-Fi had to be restarted at least once a day and the single handle in the shower stall was uncomfortable as in other US hotels.
bubble_40	A first time visitor may have second thoughts about staying at this location,but it is a plus as you are within walking distance to lower Manhatten,Brooklyn Bridge,Greenwich Village and the WTC Memorial.Subway to the rest of Manhatten is a short walk. A great location for the foodies. The hotel was very clean,good size rooms ,very updated and being small there are no lineups at checkins or checkouts. Breakfast was included at Mamas(next door).City views and a park outfront  where there is always a game of somesort goings on makes it interesting.Very quite at night  (we sleep with the windows open).Would definitely recommend this hotel and the price will please most everybody. Free wifi also.
bubble_50	After spending hours trying to find the perfect hotel for our first trip to NY we took our chances on Hotel Mulberry.  Very clean and great location.  Felt very safe and staff were friendly.  The free breakfast was nice but the staff at Mama's weren't very happy - would stick to the pancakes or the french toast. Little Italy is only a 5min walk down the street and just loved eating there.  Would recommend this hotel to everyone and would consider staying there again if I go back.   You have to ask for the city view room and higher floors so you can enjoy the view of the city park.
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed here for five nights in September 2012. Our room had two huge  and very comfortable beds, was very well-appointed with a large flat screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities, a bar fridge and free wifi and had a view of Columbus Park and the new World Trade Centre (within walking distance), and the whole hotel was spotlessly clean. There is a free computer and printer in the lobby, but you have to use it while standing. They give you vouchers for free breakfast a few doors down the street; most of the food there is fried, but you can have fresh fruit instead of the fried stuff.  We loved the location facing a park in Chinatown, popular for tai chi and board games and also with the homeless people. The area is densely populated but the street is quite
bubble_50	I had a hard time finding a hotel in this area that didn't have reports of bedbugs.  Hotel Mulberry has not had any reports and was very very clean and comfortable.  Very large room overlooking park with wonderful shower.  Felt like a 3-4 star hotel for a low price! Would stay again for sure.
bubble_40	The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful.  We stayed 4 nights and our room was cleaned very day and had fresh clean towels each day.  I would recommend requesting a city view room - we watched the chinese people doing their tai chi each morning.  Location was perfect - we felt we were closed to everything. Breakfast was okay - Mama's staff could have been more friendly. The hotel is close to lots of Italian restaurants - just a 10 min walk to Little Italy we eat there every night.   Would recommend  this hotel to all my friends and family.
bubble_50	My wife and I took a redeye in from LAX and arrived early on Friday morning took the subway from JFK and got to the hotel around 9:30 am and hoping to check our bags before heading out on a city tour.Not only could we check our bags but our room was ready!!! The second suprise came when our room was upgraded at no additional charge! We had a great view of the park and the Freedom Tower at the WTC. The staff was great and they had coffee ready in the lobby. I sure needed some. The room while not large was very clean and comfortable, internet, flat screen, and the one of the best showers I have had in a hotel that I can remember.  After a long and memorable NYC tour we had dinner right up the street in Little Italy, great food and what a cool vibe, felt like Sorrento. We colapsed
bubble_50	This Hotel is super clean, the beds are very comfortable and the staff is courteous and responsive. We had a beautiful view of Columbus Park and received free breakfast vouchers for the little cafe three doors down each day (it was perfect.) The subway is only a few blocks away on Canal St. and Little Italy, Soho and the Brooklyn Bridge are walkable. We visited Times Square, Central Park, the MOMA, Statue of Liberty and Brooklyn and all locations were easy to get to by subway. I highly recommend this hotel, the prices are affordable too!
bubble_40	My sister & I stayed a saturday Night here & enjoyed courteous service and quite clean & well appointed rooms.  Cons are that we could clearly hear the toilet flushing in the room next door and the location is a bit out of the way.  However... It was neat to spend some time in Chinatown / little  Italy. And subway is not far.
bubble_50	When you first visit New York most people tend to find something around Time Square or Central Park and we are normally look to do this.   This time we had a change and we are glad that we did. The Hotel Mulberry is in Chinatown just around the corner from Little Italy. It is therefore off the main tourist trap and in a much quieter area of the City especially in the evenings. There is a subway station no more than 3 minutes away and you are in the tourist trap areas in no more than 10 minutes.  The building covers thirteen floors but the building is narrow so there are only a few rooms on each floor. By New York standards the rooms are quite spacious and clean with a really comfortable bed. The bathroom was also clean and of a good size. The room had a TV, fridge, coffee, free
bubble_40	My family and I stayed at this hotel at the beginning of our 3 week touring holiday of America.  The hotel was ideally located just by Canal Street Subway.   Every morning from our 5th Floor room we could see the  locals performing their morning exercises and we would copy them from our bedroom!   The rooms were clean and we felt safe walking around the neighbourhood - it was not until our last day that we realised that the large building opposite the hotel was in fact a federal prison!  Every morning we went to Mama's a couple of doors down from the hotel and had a simple but well received breakfast.  The kids loved the fact they had chips for breakfast with their omelettes.   The hotel was near plenty of great chinese restaurants and very close to Little Itay with good italian
bubble_50	Lovely, clean, modern hotel in a great neighbourhood. The staff are wonderful - always friendly and cheerful, and nothing is too much trouble. Our room was a fair size by New York standards, and we could see both Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridges from the window. The bed and pillows were very comfortable, and there was plenty of hot water. Complimentary tea and coffee are available in the lobby from morning till midnight, and there's free WiFi. Breakfast was included in our room rate, they gave us a voucher for a cafe four doors down the street.  That's the only thing I would change about my stay, as the cafe was not great (some of the staff were surly, and breakfast was one small hot dish plus EITHER a hot drink OR juice; but - just to be clear - my problem was with the cafe, NOT
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights at the end of August.  We loved it.  Staff were friendly and helpful.  Our room on 10th floor overlooking the park was immaculately clean and comfortable with lots of little extras.  Having a fridge and a safe was a definite bonus, as was getting fresh towels every day. We loved having breakfast at Mama's. It was always a good start to the day and service was very effiicient.  I became very fond of the banana pancakes!  We thought it was the perfect base to explore downtown and enjoyed wandering the streets of Chinatown and Little Italy.  Even at night it felt very safe.  We also walked to financial district, Battery Park and East River Seaport on several occasions.  We even walked to Greenwich Village and the Highline - but we
bubble_50	We stayed for 7 nights in this hotel and loved it very much.  We had a room at the back of the hotel. It was very quite. The rooms were very clean, with fresh towels every day. The staff was very friendly and helpfull.  The location is also great for visiting downtown, uptown and Brooklyn. Subway station Canal street is in close range.  We didn't take breakfast in the hotel, but went to Fulton Market, where they serve full range breakfast and nice coffee (try the dark roasted one)
bubble_50	It started with the pleasant folks at the front desk, the complimentary fruit in the room, continued with the helpful map of the local area, the right-on recommendations for nearby eateries, the filling and fine breakfast at Mama Eatery, the comfy bed, the spotless bathroom and finished with a lovely view of the lower Manhattan skyline at night from our terrace.  I traveled with my 12 year old daughter and we greatly enjoyed the room and the neighborhood and felt safe coming and going from the Hotel.  We enjoyed Columbus Park and the cultural identity of the area (Chinatown).  We used the subway stops (about 3-4 blocks away) and walked to various sites (WTC, Battery Park, South Street Seaport) without difficulty.  It was a pleasure to stay here and we will come back and we
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here in June and were well impressed with the overall service and quality of the hotel. We were greeted by friendly and informative staff. The room was just right for our stay of 6 nights (the bed was abit high for me as I am petite!) - clean, comfortable, lots of toiletries, coffee/teas, safe, small fridge and free WIFI. The breakfast was served 2 doors down from the hotel and the food was perfect for the start of the day (I enjoyed watching the cops having their breakfast too!). We were in the middle of Chinatown and nearby was Little Italy - so lots of opportunity to try lots of restaurants. We were also near the subway so it was very easy for us to get around Manhattan and out of town. Overall, we cannot fault this hotel and would be happy to return
bubble_50	I had looked for a while for a good hotel and good value for money and the Mulberry didnt disappoint. it is well located, 5 min form a subway station on canal street in Chinatown. The room (19th floor, room 1003) was spacious with a king size bed and good bathroom. It was very clean and I got new toiletries everyday over 5 nights so i was very pleased! I loved the modern feel of it and how quiet it was. Breakfast which is included was taken a couple of doors down at mama's eatery and was good. i have pancakes for breakfast when i am on holiday and did indulge!! One thing I would say could be improved is the breakfast could be more varied but then again it depends what you like. There was free wifi and also a PC at reception you can use freely and I did take advantage of that as
bubble_40	Hotel staff is friendly and helpful, and rooms are clean and coffee/tea/bath supplies replenished daily. Room is not that big but there is sufficient room for two, and the only window in the room overlooked the back of the other buildings but we were ok with that. Comes with breakfast which is at Mama Eatery 4 doors down from hotel, decent American breakfast (think pancakes, eggs and ham, french toast) with friendly staff. I must say that the hotel is great value for money. Only problem was the location of the hotel, which was not exactly near the subway (about 8-10 min walk) and it was in Chinatown, where the streets could be somewhat dirty, smelly and crowded. There is a great Vietnamese restaurant called Pho Pasteur nearby at Baxter St, cheap and authentic food in a small
bubble_40	Modern and clean hotel with spacious rooms and comfortable beds.  Bathrooms are all marble, but, surprisingly, there was no exhaust, so mirrors clouded over after showers.  Small refrigerator was in room.  Front desk staff were pleasant and there were plenty of maps and flyers of things to see and do.  Subway was in easy walking distance.  Getting to the theater from the closest subway was a straight shot and no trouble at all.  The free breakfast at Moma's, two doors down, was basic, but very good - choices such as french toast, eggs any style, to include a variety of omelots, bacon, potatoes, bread and juice, coffee or tea.  I would recommend this hotel to friends and stay there again.
bubble_50	You are not going to get much better in terms of space and cost. True, you are at the bottom of Manhattan Island, but transport is so easy and at such competitive pricing, the cost difference is worth the extra $20 in subway fare and the few minutes in travel time. Breakfasts are great, staff are friendly and very helpful. I don't intend to go back to NYC for a while but if I were, I would stay at the Mulberry again. Canal street is not a pleasant experience; fish market and astonishingly congested.  If you are looking for a great place to eat, cross over to Brooklyn and check out Diner, 85 Broadway; http://dinernyc.com/.
bubble_50	Stayed here July 14th to 17th. Got there early but was able to leave my luggage and use the facilities. Desk had lots of useful maps and printed those they didn't have. Great friendly staff. Price was a plus compared to other Manhattan hotels, escpecially with two queen beds. Modern clean room with a small refrigerator (handy for water and leftovers). Room includes a voucher for two for breakfast at Mama's only four doors away (great banana pancakes!). Right on the edge of Chinatown with a park across the street full of activity during the day and quite at night. Little Italy is only a block and a half away and metro stops within two blocks. Would definitely stay here again!
bubble_30	Hotel Mulberry is a lovely hotel. It is modern, clean and well serviced. The rooms are spacious and well appointed with comfortable beds. Staff are mostly friendly and accommodating, although one or two are off hand and it took two visits to the front desk to get our TV to work.  Our room was on the 2nd floor and had a 'view'of the light well between buildings in which there was a small shrine. Nice. Unfortunately our room was also next to a storage room which meant we had a lot of staff noise early in the morning - banging and talking loud enough to clearly hear what they were saying (including on their walkie-talkie - so complete with static). Not only that but staff knocked loudly on our door just after 8am twice during our stay to begin housekeeping. Most people on holiday,
bubble_40	Very pleased with our stay here. Although there was a glitch, & we somehow did not get the street view we had booked, the manager was willing to upgrade to a balcony suite .....we declined & just requested 2 extra breakfast vouchers, which they were happy to do. Staff was very helpful, & pleasant. Room was clean & modern. Taxi to Times Square was only $12! Subway station only 2 blocks away. Overall,  we were very pleased. Definitely will stay here again.
bubble_50	I was attending a meeting at Federal Plaza and needed a hotel in the area.  We chose the Hotel Mulberry for it's proximity and based on reviews on Trip Advisor.  I must say I do alot of business travel and I was very impressed with the room, service, cleanliness, and amenities.  The price was extremely reasonable and they offered a full breakfast at a coffee shop 4 doors down.  I would certainly stay there again if I was in the area.  A very good choice.
bubble_40	Anyone looking for hotels in NY will know that they are super expensive. In fact finding anything for less than $300 is hard and the prices don't equal quality. We paid around that per night to stay here. It had no frills, but was decent by NY standards. The location was great, on the edge of Chinatown but also on the same street as Little Italy. Further up on Mulberry Street there are lots of great restaurants and bars (a block or two after the tourist strip). It's easy to walk to lots of great neighbourhoods from here and there is a few Subway stops close by. The rooms were quite small but comfortable and clean with no outside noise from our room. Also the bathroom was a good size with a bathtub. The front desk staff were super helpful and gave us lots of great tips and
bubble_50	Weve visited New York on four previous occasions and each time weve stayed in 4 star hotels near to Times Square. For this trip we chose the Mulberry due to the good reviews and great price.  Needless to say we were not disappointed.   The hotel is in a great location located on a quiet street on the edge of Chinatown but within walking distance of major attractions and close to public transport. We stayed in a Deluxe Queen room and as you can see from our picture it was very spacious (especially for NY City).  The beds were very comfortable and due to the hotels location we had peaceful uninterrupted sleep.  No sirens or garbage trucks waking you up in the early hours. Breakfast is included at a caf a few doors down from the hotel.  The food was good and convenient to get
bubble_50	Convenient location right in Chinatown - it's next door to that popular beef jerky place. The hotel seemed small considering we only had 3 rooms on our floor but inside the actual room itself - it was quite big, clean, and modern. No complaints at all. We were even able to find free street parking on Mulberry right outside the hotel.   There was free coffee and water in the lobby.   Really friendly front desk staff!   Would definitely recommend again!
bubble_50	Stayed here end of January 2012.  Tucked away in the heart of Chinatown, overlooking a beautiful park.  Spotlessly clean with friendly, helpful staff.  Breakfast is included which is served in a diner 2 doors down.  Delicious!!! Could not fault this hotel at all.  Yes, it is situated in Chinatown but close to many subway stations.  Just across the road from Little Italy.  For me, this hotel is a hidden gem.  Clean, good location, friendly staff, good sized room (there were 3 of us).  Would stay here again!
bubble_40	This is on the border to Chinatown. Very close to Little Italy and downtown - You can walk to Wall Street and 9/11 memorial.  Staff is very friendly and helps You in all kinds of questions and issues.   The rooms are large enough, very clean and quiet. It's pretty new or newly renovated.   B'fast for two is included in the restaurant next door - which is full of NYPD staff. Also an experience.   Don't get scared on little bit "dirty" Chinatown neighborhood - this is really nice place.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 6 nights in late Feb/early March. Couldn't ask for a better hotel. This is a boutique hotel in Chinatown with easy access to subways and lots of shopping. Great food and ethnic feel to the area. We felt very safe even walking back from the subway at 1am after seeing a show. The room was extremely comfortable and only 3 rooms on each floor. Had a slight problem with the heating/cooling unit but someone arrived right away and fixed it. The decor and cleanliness was rated a 5 out of 5.  Wi fi in the room was great. Breakfast was served as part of our package at the little restaurant 2 doors down (very good). Complimentary umbrellas offered the one day we had rain. The last day we changed hotels to be near Harlem for music auditions at Manhattan School of Music and
bubble_50	I have stayed in New York before and Mulberry Hotel definately is the best hotel I stayed in in terms of quality, price and location. Service was good, rooms were very clean and spacious (for NY standards) and I really enjoyed breakfast in MaMa's cafe.  I just don'  Staying in Chinatown/Little Italy is really nice and to me beats staying in the more traditional tourist areas. Mulberry Street has a good selection of restaurants and bars and the atmophere at night is pleasant and safe; there are a few markets along the street, there was music most evenings and visitors appeared to be a mix of tourists and locals.   Also, you are really close to the shops of Soho and the Meatpacking district and if you don't mind a 20-30 minute walk, all the main tourist attractions midtown, uptown
bubble_40	Loved this hotel.  It was new and clean with beds so comfortable the first morning I had no idea where I was. :)  Adored the placement above Columbus Park with the music wafting up through the open windows and the chance to watch tai chi in the mornings.  The included breakfast at Mama wasn't gourmet, but it was good and filling and couldn't have been more convenient.  Everyone was nice.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that I asked for more hangers (we were in town for a wedding) and they were like "No.  Those hangers come with the room and that's that."  It was sort of funny, but also a little annoying--my stuff was pretty wrinkled all week.
bubble_40	We chose this hotel based on the good reviews and the reasonable (for NYC!) prices. We were very happy with our choice. The location is great if you prefer to be away from the noise and Times Square tourist crowds but it was easy to get the subway, bus and cabs uptown. The area is safe and busy with a great park opposite that was filled with Chinese locals from dawn to dusk. Walking up Mulberry St takes you straight into Little Italy.  Pros: Our room was small but very comfortable with working wifi, TV and aircon. We were at the back of the building on the 10th floor so no view of the park but it was quiet and we never had trouble sleeping. It was spotlessly clean and the bed was very comfortable. Hotel staff were friendly and polite at all times. Very easy to get uptown using
bubble_50	I stayed with friends here for a conference with a few days added on for sightseeing.  The hotel is spotless and of a high quality for the price.  The staff were very helpful and the bed was possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in.  The breakfast is fantastic, served at a little cafe 4 doors up. You have Little Italy and Chinatown on the doorstep with a short walk to Soho's shops and resturants.   I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	We stayed here for one night in April and it was probably one of the best hotels I've stayed at in NYC!  Great room that overlooked a lovely park, we hear music coming from it in the morning so it was really nice to wake up to!  Friendly staff and large rooms for NYC standards.  Would stay again!
bubble_40	Hotel Mulberry is almost new and very clean and comfortable.  The beds were soft and the rooms quite spacious. It's on a quiet street in Chinatown, opposite the small Columbus Park and only a couple of minutes walk to the subway stations along Canal St (particularly good was the express Q service to the tourist attractions further 'uptown').  The attractions of downtown Manhattan such as the WTC, Wall St, BAttery Park are within about 30/40mins walk or a couple of subway stops.   It was fantastic to have such a huge selection of restaurants within a few hundred metres - both Chinatown and Little Italy.  Overall, Hotel Mulberry is a good value, very comfortable hotel in a great location for a tourist to New York.
bubble_40	A nice little hotel in china town, a few blocks from a metro, spacious, clean room, and very comfy bed and pillows.   The complimentary breakfast at a nearby restaurant is a bit sub par.   Over all, we had a great stay at Mulberry hotel during recent visit to NYC.
bubble_40	I booked this hotel a couple of months ago based on it's location (and the price was very good).  Not expecting much, due to some unfortunate past experiences with hotels in this area, I was pleasantly surprised by the spacious rooms, very quiet location and beds that felt like I was being held by a soft white marshmallow.  The quiet location was in part due to the several Chinese funeral homes on Mulberry St and the very nice park across the street where ladies practiced their fan dancing and tai chi.  The subway is only a five minute walk from the hotel so it is well located.  The staff were helpful and friendly.  The rate included breakfast at a little cafe a few doors down and it was tasty and free.  My only gripe is when I asked the hotel staff to book a cab to take us back
bubble_10	Spent a miserable night at this hotel due to a party in room adjacent to us. Noise persisted all night and we had the feeling the party animals were in the room with us. Management was totally ineffective in dealing with the rowdy group, which made the stay even worse.
bubble_50	Our recent stay at Hotel Mulberry was probably one of our best NYC stays in the under $300 price range. If being on the outskirts of Chinatown isn't an issue for you then everything else worked really well. Its across the street from a small park, a few blocks to the subway and a nice parking garage was only 4 doors down. We had a great room on the 7th floor overlooking the park (with a nice outdoor porch). Our king bed room was spacious and everything was in order. Breakfast (included) was at a nice spot a few doors away. Good food, with some nice surprises (like whole wheat strawberry pancakes). It was a short walk for a nice lunch in little italy and since we were a long way from central park, my morning run across the manhattan bridge was a nice change. Neighborhood is a bit
bubble_50	Great priced hotel in Downtown New York City that doesn't disappoint. Very clean, excellent service, very comfortable bed and modern rooms. A 3 minute walk from Canal Street Subway making it an easy commute just about anywhere in the city and other boroughs
bubble_40	The Hotel Mulberry is a newer hotel located in the middle of Chinatown.  The hotel itself is very nice, our room was spacious and clean, and we had a very nice stay.  The only downside of this place was it's location away from main streets, so if you are trying to travel by subways or other public transport, you will have to walk a few blocks to get there.
bubble_50	We choose this hotel after reading all the helpful reviews. We were 2 families with children and stayed for a week. Our rooms were facing the lift but we haven't been Disturbed once by people coming in or out. The room are large and the beds are very comfy. Linen is in very soft cotton (can't stand any other material so get a bit fussy). You get free coffee and tea in the morning and the staff is very helpful at anytime. The hotel is well located and very safe area. Do your "gifts" shopping on Canal st where you can bargain and get the tshirt, key rings, cups, hats....we will go again!
bubble_50	I stayed at the Hotel Mulberry on 31st Dec for 2 nts.  On arrival we were told that we had been upgraded to a room with a view and were put on the 8th floor.  The room was immaculate, my boyfriend actually said that he was looking for dust and couldn't find any.  The bed was massive and really comfortable and the bathroom was also huge with an amazing shower.  There was also a fridge in the room which was good as after a lot of walking on new years day I bought a bottle of wine from the shop and was able to keep it cold.  The staff were really friendly and normally you go a few doors down for breakfast but because it was New Year, breakfast was put on in the hotel lobby which was fine as we just grabbed some juice anyway.  I have been to New York loads of times and have always
bubble_40	Spent a long weekend at the Mulberry.  Had the terrace suite and the view was outstanding.  (Great place to drink wine and smoke cigars.)   Just want to clarify some points from negative reviews.    Coupons for breakfast a couple doors down was included with the room.  Food was served on paper and plastic but was more than adequate.  Locals dine there so it can't be too bad.    Neighborhood was dirty and smelly.  This is a real working neighborhood.  It bustles druing the day with vendors including fruit and fish, laundry and everything else a big city neighborhood would need.  This is not a tourist trap.  It's real with real people doing real things that produce real byproducts.    It's next to a funeral parlors.  So what.  Watched a funeral procession and it was very
bubble_50	We stayed here for 11 days recently and booked 2 rooms - one for 2 people and one for 4 people. Location is the border of Chinatown and Little Italy. 10-15 minute walk to Soho and Tribeca. Rooms were clean and spacious and had good views over the park. Beds were absolutely lovely.  Rooms were quiet and area is safe - lots of police around given it is close to police station. Staff were friendly. Breakfast is provided at a local cafe, Mama Cafe, a few doors down. Close to Brooklyn Bridge - I am a runner and enjoyed running over this - great views and definitely runner friendly. Great value for a Manhattan location. Only downside is that if you are a tourist, you end up catching the subway a lot. But we were on a budget and the hotel was very high quality for the rate charged -
bubble_40	Great hotel, very clean with very nice rooms, we did not like the breakfast very much , and went every morning to the local Dunkin donuts  Location is not very central, took us 15 minutes by taxi to Times sq. (around 13$ cab ride) or 25-30 minutes in subway . I would stay there again. Wifi worked just fine in our hotel room.
bubble_40	Very nice, clean, well located hotel.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Rooms were spacious for NY, bed was very comfy.  Location was practical too, with the Canal station a few corners away, but you could just as easily walk to Soho, East Village, Financial district,...   2 things to improve on would be: 1- Included breakfast: you get a coupon for a small restaurant next door (Mama's).  Don't know about their lunch or dinner, but breakfast was pretty bad.   2- Our room was great, nice view and all.  Good thing the floor was not busy though as the sound carries a lot from the corridor.  Looked like a large gap under the door, might be part of the problem.  Then again, too much to do in NYC to stay in the room! :)  Overall, very good price to quality ratio.
bubble_50	I'm a New Yorker who now lives in the burbs. I have been trying out various hotels because I need to be in town for business a few days a month. I stayed at Hotel Mulberry and will definitely stay again. I had the Penthouse 01. It was a simple room with a King bed and a wall of windows that had a spectacular view of the financial district, the Freedom Tower being built and a park down below just filled with NYC life. The check in process couldn't have been easier with the nicest people. The room was spotless. The one thing that I really hated were the pillows. It was like laying on bricks all night - but the bed itself was fantastic.  The hotel reminded me of staying in Europe in a small side street hotel.  Coffee pot in the room -- 10 points right there. Serious speedy WIFI.
bubble_50	We stayed her just one night with the kids but had an excellent time. The check in was quick, they granted our request for a top floor room with park view and it was much larger than expected and quite nice for the price. Breakfast was good as well.
bubble_40	Most hotels in Manhattan are quite small and many only offer 1 King bed or 2 double beds.  I was very happy to see that Hotel Mulberry offers two queen size beds in a room.  I often travel to NYC and try to do so on the cheap by sharing a room with 2 or 3 friends, therefore, I'm very fond of queen beds so I'm not squished up next to my best friend while she flails around in her drunken slumber.  The room I stayed in was quite large with a big closet and roomy bathroom.  The hotel did offer vouchers for breakfast someplace right down the street, but I did not wake in time to partake.  However, I did find an amazing Chinese food place right around the corner that was open at 4am when I was done bar hopping & dancing.  I forget the name of it, although I did notice the
bubble_40	Stayed for two-nights midweek.  Hotel located across from Columbus Park in Chinatown.  Staff was friendly and professional.  Hotel well kept.  Had most of the amenities we needed.  Was actually the quietest hotel I've ever stayed at in NYC (no midnight garbage trucks.  Hotel did not have AC functioning so we had to crack the window open.
bubble_40	Stayed overnight one night on a stopover, saw a play. Great spots to eat nearby in Chinatown area. Hotel is in Chinatown area, seemed safe. Staff very helpful. Small rooms but a good value in New York.
bubble_40	Hi the hotel is located in China Town with easy access to the tube and New York attractions. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and well furnished. For the price this place was a bargin. My family felt very safe and enjoyed the fact that the hotel is small.  Breakfast is provided at a local cafe, it was okay but nothing to rave about. i would definitely recommend a stay at the Mulberry.
bubble_50	Clean, quiet, friendly staff. Parking a pain....checked inch gave me the penthouse.  About the size of a small bedroom. Comp. breakfast 2 doors down where new yolks finest were also dining.
bubble_10	Booked four nights at Hotel Mulberry through Expedia and paid more to enable the refundable option. Needed to change our booking to three nights and despite calling Expedia and emailing and calling the hotel the booking couldn't be changed so faced the prospect of paying for a night that we didn't need. Found the staff to be unbelievably unhelpful and feel very disappointed as we booked a long time ago based on the feedback on this site.
bubble_40	We stayed three nights in this hotel in Little Italy, although this part has already been swallowed by Chinatown in recent years. The hotel is rather new, which is always a plus. The rooms are very clean, the staff is friendly. We had two kings size beds for two persons. We rather had a room with terrace, but coudln't upgrade due to full booking. We were on the second floor, and were somewhat afraid of noise at night, but there was no problem, possibly due to the slow season. Breakfast is in a little diner a few houses down the road, and is a plus, although not enormously luxurious. The subway (Canal street) is a 5min walk, and a lot of attractions are within walking range. For a budget hotel (in Manhattan, that is), this offers very good value!
bubble_40	Just stayed there two nights ago. Big room had two queens. Hotel is right across the street from a park in Chinatown. We're from New Hampshire so we got a great dose of some needed culture. Parking available two doors down. Hotel will validate. Paid $36.00 for 24 hours. Left the car there all day and walked to Battery Park for Statue of Liberty cruise and then walked to Ground Zero Memorial. Hotel was very clean and large. Very hard to large, affordable rooms in Manhattan. Service was great, very friendly. Included breakfast for two at Mama Eatery next door where you can get pancakes, french toast etc. Also very friendly, great service. Only complaint was instant coffee in room, yuck, but you can get good coffee in the lobby. Highly recommend!
bubble_50	Stayed here for 2 nights passing through New York. Loved it. Lovely room, very friendly helpful staff and a wonderful breakfast provided by Mamas 2 doors down the street. Would definately stay here again.
bubble_50	Great hotel for being out and about in the big apple. Clean. Friendly. Safe. Charming neighborhood. Close to subways. affordable. And comes with full breakfast. We will be back
bubble_50	We are in Manhattan regularly for theater and opera and the great ethnic foodand try to find boutique hotels that give a sense of each neighborhood.  The Mulberry, in Chinatown, down the street from a row of Chinese funeral homes, around the corner from some of the best dim sum and other Chinese restaurants (e.g. Big Wong for breakfast, Jing Fong and the Golden Unicorn for dim sum, Oriental Garden for seafood, etc.) in the city, and across the street from a park where you can watch Tai Chi, mah jong, Chinese chess, and hear Chinese music on classic instruments, is a real find.  It's clean, the rooms are good size, and the staff is very helpful!  Don't expect slick: It's not.  Instead, it's homey and more than functional.  We spent five nights on this last trip, and we'd go back
bubble_40	we had a room with two double beds. very good beds and a perfect shower. it is on walking distance of lower manhattan, for me one of the best parts of New York. service is perfect, rooms are clean. a very good 3 star hotel with a very good price quality level. the hotel is in the middle of Chinatown but absolutly safe in the evening. the restaurants in little italy are on a five minute walk. no noise from outside. good breakfast.
bubble_50	I was impressed with both the rates and reviews of the Hotel Mulberry when planning our last trip to NYC. I will admit I had the "it's-almost-too-good-to-be-true" fear before I booked. We took the plunge and the hotel certainly lived up to the good reviews. However, if this is your first trip to NYC it may be better for you to stay somewhere more central to the touristy areas (Times Square, Macys or Central Park). As a couple who have been to and fallen in love with New York many times, we now take great pleasure in staying in the villages within Manhattan. It gives you the feeling of being a true New Yorker.   The hotel was perfectly placed for us to explore Chinatown, Little Italy, Soho, East Village et al. It was a big enough room by New York standards (2 king size beds).
bubble_40	After usually staying at midtown hotels for leisure trips in the past, we decided to opt for a different location. The positive reviews of the Mulberry Hotel, the affordable room rates and the location all appealed to us. When we first arrived, we had our doubts. The hotel is located in the middle of Chinatown, albeit on a quiet street, next to what is said to be the best dumpling place in town. Once we saw our room, however, we were more than satisfied. Two queen sized beds, lots of drawer and closet space and a good-sized bathroom. Plus overlooking a park where teenagers play volleyball and elderly Chinese practice tai chi. Never quite got the hang of the heater; it was generally too warm in the room. The location is central: Little Italy is two blocks away and Soho a couple
bubble_50	Easy access to this hotel from Canal Street (so a direct link from JFK), in Chinatown, but Little Italy not far away, so you get the best of both worlds.  It is on a quiet street, with a park opposite where you can watch the locals (Tai Chi, gambling, socialising, etc).  Very safe and so close to many things/subways.  The hotel staff are great and could not do enough for us including looking after 1 of our bags whilst we had a few days in Washington DC.  The rooms are a good size, the beds are quite high up, we had a nice view both stays over the skyline and the park below.  Breakfast we had at a small diner about 2 doors away, good value, a bit repetitive, but fine for what we wanted.  Would definitely stay again and have recommended to friends who are considering staying in
bubble_50	We booked this hotel for Chinese New Year. The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable.  The room is a bit small but has everything you could need without feeling cramped.  The staff was very helpful with any questions we had about the area.  The section of  chinatown that this hotel is in remains quiet, but is within walking distance to great shops, subway and restaurants in both Chinatown and Little Italy. This hotel will be my number one choice when staying in NYC.  You cannot beat the price for the value.
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel for a week, christmas day to new years day, with my husband and two teenage children ... couldnt have asked for more.  Very helpful staff, clean room, modern bathroom, two queen beds, ample space for the four of us.  Great location, 5 min walk to the subway .. plenty of great restaurants with a few minutes walk.  Breakfast included in the room rate was perfect .. as a previous reviewer stated .. eaten in a cafe a few doors up along side the NYPD ! I would not hesiatate to recommend this hotel and would definately stay here again .... and New York as a family destination we all loved it.
bubble_50	Great location, 5 mins from tube on canal street that gets you on most lines. Very clean great size room just areally nice place to stay as a good base. The breakfast included is no frills from mamas a few doors down but good selection and keeps the walking tourist on the go! You get to have breakfast with the local cops! Free wifi and helpful advice from recp.
bubble_50	Its a new hotel, walking distance to financial district, soho, battery park.the rooms are clean and efficient, staff is friendly and great way to see an ethnic neighborhood in New York. It was nice to see Chinese ladies practicing tai chi in the morning in the park.
bubble_50	Staff was extremely professional and polite; due to a booking snafu, they upgraded us to a room on the Penthouse floor - huge rooms and terrific view, both of the city at night and of the park in the mornings (where many groups came out to practice Tai Chi). Breakfast vouchers provided a nice breakfast, and the neighborhood, between Little Italy and Chinatown, was great to explore. Would definitely stay there again! (oh and clean and great beds for sleeping!)
bubble_50	Looked for a hotel near the Foley Square Federal District Court one block away and stayed at the Hotel Mulberry, what a gem for a bargain price, one third of uptown prices. Only some 30 or so rooms in this newly decorated and clean hotel. My King Room was somewhat small, but more than adequate and tastefully decorated, new everything, and everything works, and the staff pleasant and eager to help. Little Italy one block away for dinner, Chinatown, your are here for lunch or dinner, and a ten minute walk to the World Trade Tower memorial and new Freedom Tower was icing on the cake. The Hotel entrance is small, akin to a blind driveway, so if you blink you miss it but the address is clearly labeled and its not hard to find. Breakast is served in a little cafetaria styled eatery
bubble_40	Let me say first that the service was first rate. The location was interesting, being in Chinatown and 2 blocks from Little Italy; never a shortage of great food.  The subway was a little further than I would have liked, but not too far.  The room was really small, but I understand that is common in NYC. The problem I had was the climate control. The entire building is heated/cooled by one unit. That means that the patron cannot control the temperature of the room. We were there during a warm December, and had to open the window to keep from being too hot. Housekeeping, however, would close it every day.
bubble_40	I travelled to New York with a girlfriend to celebrate a birthday and booked the Mulberry as a result of the good reviews. The Hotel room was excellent with 2 double beds ( suprisingly hard to find in NY); a very spacious room and great bathroom. The only negatives are the location - surrounded by Chinese funeral parlours and the fact that breakfast is served in a cafe a few doors down. The choice of breakfast (limited) was OK for a few days but the food is served on plastic plates and with plastic cutlery ( neither asthetically pleasing or environmently friendy.!!) The location of the hotel allows easy  access to the subway ( a couple of blocks) and the sights of South Manhattan. Good value for money.
bubble_50	Went with a friend for 3 nights this june Was pleased by the rooms with 2 big double beds, go for the terrace as the cost isnt a lot more, we didnt but i wish we did as the weather was great. Staff were friendly and answered all questions we had.  Will prob be back here again at some point this year  Little italy 2 mins away, china town your in it but away from the smell and a park outside with people doing tai chi every morn, brooklyn bridge & courts 5 mins, tube station just round corner and lots of food shopping nearby  This was my 2 nd time in ny and this hotel was far better than the last
bubble_50	Excellent stay!  The people were nice and the rooms were quite large for New York.  The reasonable rate even included breakfast at a restaurant a couple of doors down the street.  We were very pleased.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Hotel Mulberry for 4 nights in early December in Room 801 and it didn't disappoint. Wonderfully helpful reception staff, a lovely big (for New York) clean modern room, giant bed and luxurious bathroom. Great hot breakfasts in Mammas! Ideally placed for walking to Ground Zero, Brooklyn Bridge, Staten & Ellis Island ferries and other Downtown attractions. Located in Chinatown with great views over Columbus Park, close to lots of shops and restaurants and Little Italy! Plenty of photo opportunities in the immediate Chinatown area - the fruit stalls and fish markets contrasting nicely with the earlier 4 nghts we spent near Times Square!
bubble_50	Very well managed hotel. Clean rooms, Vera good beds. Breakfast had to be taken in a separated building (only 4 doors away). Close to China Town en Little Italy. Subway only 3 minute walk away. Try to have a room @ the frontside of the building. Those at the backside are sometimes a little bit noisy due to ventilation systems at the outside'
bubble_40	Free internet so thats a bonus. Great staff very friendly, enjoyed the free breakfast around the corner. room size was adequate. whenever we had a request it was answered very well.
bubble_40	My wife, 5 year old daughter and I stayed here for a quick trip to the city. I searched a lot of sites and options for accommodation that were around $200 a night during the xmas season. Found this and booked it based on positive reviews. The place is very nice, newly remodeled, clean and the rooms are decent size / big for the city. (we stayed in room 202 w. 2 queen beds). We checked in late and I had the address wrong, 25 instead of 52 so we walked past a lot of Asian funeral homes and dim sum shops. The street isn't the most well lit  or swanky and taxi drivers are best told to use Worth as a cross street. We felt safe walking in the evening and Little Italy is a very short walk. The staff was very helpful in assisting us with the thermostat and tv remote both of which I
bubble_50	Located at the less busy south end of Mulberry Street in China Town/Little Italy, the hotel is opposite Columbus Park, so by and large it's a quieter option.  The hotel is well located for ChinaTown, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, Tribeca, SoHo and NoHo and there are a couple of subway stations nearby for getting to midtown etc. The street frontage is relatively small, but it goes up 13 floors with 3 rooms per floor and 2 at penthouse level.Having booked direct we were upgraded to the one bedroom penthouse, which wasn't any bigger than a normal bedroom, but was very quiet. The (smallish) window had a view east towards the Brooklyn Bridge. The other penthouse was, I believe, a family sized room and faces the park. Checkin was quick and easy, the staff were very helpful, and the
bubble_40	Fast check-in, helpful smiley staff, fairly spacious for NY, hot breakfast around the corner, 2 min walk to several subway lines, super clean. A recommended option.
bubble_50	If you don't like walking around and explore new things then chinatown is not for you and try a hotel downtown.  Hotel overlooks Columbus park, 3 rooms per floor, 12 floors. Very friendly staff and very clean and new. Breakfast is at a cafe nearby, it is also very popular by the NYPD so it can get crowded around 9am. Be sure to get a room not ending on 03 as 01 and 02 overlooks the park while 03 is on the backside.  Chinatown has THE cheapest good food and you can get sweet fresh fruits from the street. Taxi to empire state building is around 20$. If taxi driver asks the crossing street, say mulberry and worth street as bayard st is more unknown to taxi drivers.  Hotel can also provide taxi service, it is a bit overpriced, specially to Newark (cost 70$ + tip +12$ toll). Bett to
bubble_10	These people in this hotel stole 326 dollars from me, by means of taking my booking on the 3 of october and taking FULL payment then when the reservation was for halloween night (31st).. All well and good untill the crazy storm hit on the saturday before the 31st, and we were all warned to stay in as it was a state of emergency, friends traveling from connecticut were trapped in by falling trees,when i tried to explain this to the lady on the fone that saturday night she just said no refunds and hung up.. i was baffeled!! i tried again the next day and the next day,mulberry told me i have to talk to bookings.com as they were the ones who took the payment, they put me threw to "bookings.com" in Cambridge England and when i spoke to the lady she said i was 100% intilted to my
bubble_40	First time ever in NYC.  I was shocked by the cost of hotels in the city but found the perfect fit for a quick stay.  Very clean rooms with private bath. Provided nice shampoo, cond., shower gel, lotion.  Shower is hot and powerful.  The beds might be the most comfortably ever.  Direct TV on the flat screen.  Very quiet despite its location.  10-15 minute walk to WTC area.  Unfortunately did not make it to times square so not sure how far away? Staff is very friendly and helpful.  Can not beat the price!
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel Mulberry for 4 nights at the end of October and what a great choice we made!  Some people may be put off by the area as the hotel is based in Chinatown and in parts the area is quite run down, however you are moments away from Little Italy and some amazing places to eat away from the tourist areas such as Times Square.  Canal street subway is only a 10 minute walk and plenty of taxi's around.  The flat Yellow taxi rate from JFK into Manhatten is $45, however when going back to JFK there is no flat rate, the hotel charges $55 for a private transfer with a local taxi firm.  The hotel itself is tucked away in a side street, we had a double room with a private balcony which overlooked the park and great to watch the tai chi going on in the morning.  The bed
bubble_40	We have stayed in New York many times and usually hotels are 400 and up per night. This is a great smaller hotel. Clean rooms, very comfortable beds and good location right on the edge of Little Italy. So nice to find a place for under 300 a night. We will go back!
bubble_50	Visited New York in October for 7 nights with my 16yr old daughter so I wanted a clean, modern hotel in a decent location including ease of access for the subway without having to pay $2,000. Hotel Mulberry fitted the bill on every count - less than two years old, very clean, comfortable beds, a decent sized room, very helpful staff and within a few blocks of the Canal St No 6 subway train - no distance to Grand Central and a transfer to Time Sq or continue on up to Museum Mile.  An extra bonus was the voucher for breafast at a very friendly cafe two doors down from the hotel - and there is even a kettle in the room as well as a fridge - a bonus for a New York hotel.  There is a nice park opposite used ostensibly by the locals to meet, play Mah Jong, chess etc - a very friendly
bubble_40	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights with my husband. We had a room on the top floor and it was large by New York standards (we stayed in another hotel in midtown for 8 nights). Request a room on the top floor - it was quiet (for New York).  Good location if you want to stay in Chinatown/Little Italy. It's about 2 blocks to the little Italy part of mulberry street.  Hotel is close to SoHo. However, I preferred staying in the Flatiron/Gramercy park area. It is more expensive to get a taxi from broadway to hotel mulberry (about $15) compared to about $8. Still, Hotel Mulberry is a lovely and clean hotel, it just depends on what you want to do in New York.
bubble_40	OK we go to New York because its close from home and has everything.This hotel was clean we had the room with the amazing terasse. Like the other peolple it is true the room were clean and nice staff.( even if we had the room with the 2 double bed it is really small )The sad thing is that you hear everything its like someone is starting your shower but no. The isolation is not good.Would we go back to that place No, for the reason that when we go to New York we like to go see some of the Broadway shows and we like to end the nigth on Time Square and then its far, its late, different kind of people at nigth in the metro.
bubble_50	My husband and I spent last week here. After a day in buzzling NYC full of impressions and really tired it was wonderful to come "home" to this hotel. Superclean, a very comfortable bed a great view over Columbus Park and sky-scrapers in the back-ground and on the 10th floor the noise from the street didnt bother us much. Location great and the staff very helpful. Next stop in NYC Mulberry Hotel again, absolutely!
bubble_50	Warmly recommended for New York tourist trips. The hotel isn't large, but well maintained and with pleasant staff. The location is great, with a number of metro lines close by (though always a 10-15 minutes walk away) in the heart of Chinatown. The quality you get for the price is of great value, particularly given the near by competitors. They serve breakfast in an adjacent cafe and it's a simple choice but of good food. The rooms are simple, but clean, new, tidy, aren't noisy and generally - you'll feel good staying in this establishment. It's not a business type hotel, but for sightseeing and leisure travel - it's an excellent choice.
bubble_50	We, three friends from Sweden,  stayed in Hotel Mulberry for 5 nights last week. The staff were all great and very helpful. We got room 503, which has two queen beds. The beds were VERY comfortable! The view was not the best, but it didn't bother us. The room was very clean. Two persons get breakfast coupons every morning at Mama's eatery three doors down the street. There were about ten different dishes to choose from. The service was fast and the breakfast was ok. The subway  was approx. 5 minutes away. The hotel itself was located at Mulberry street, which is a very quiet street across from Columbus park. We payed $1533 for 5 nights (2 persons). Well spent money!!! We would all love to go back to Hotel Mulberry!
bubble_40	My husband and I spent two nights here in September, staying on the second floor in a room with two queen beds. The room was large for Manhattan and spotlessly clean. Though comfortable, the beds were the highest we've seen in our travels and require a bit of effort to access for a short person. Amenities included a flat-screen TV, safe, iron and ironing board and excellent air conditioning.  The good-sized bathroom held a tub with shower, Fusion bath products, and a sink with built-in shelves underneath that provided handy storage.  Recently renovated, the narrow hotel has only a few rooms per floor. We could hear other guests when they were in the hallway but once inside their rooms, all was quiet. Apparently our room required a large step between the entry and the bedroom to
bubble_40	Very good quality for price in NYC. Nice rooms.  but not so ideal for Chinese- funeral homes around...
bubble_50	Our group of 4 stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in september. We found it to be a very nice hotel, rooms were very clean and a good size, we stayed in a deluxe room with 2 queen beds, the beds were very comfortable. Front desk staff were very friendly and would greet you upon leaving and arriving at hotel. Breakfast was complimentry you would recieve a voucher from front desk  and then walk about 5 shops down to a cafe, breakfast was ok,  you could choose from omlette, pancakes, bacon and eggs.We ate here a couple of times but also went to other places for breakfast. This hotel is located in Chinatown and is a short 5 - 10 minute walk to canal st station which had very good train service,with direct service to most manhattan locations. We could also walk to soho from our hotel.
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry is located quite on the edge of Chinatown, nearly to the end of Mulberry street and just across Columbus Park. From our room we had a nice view to the park and some courtbuildings from the back, we could also see the new tower from ground zero (not finished yet, you can watch it grow), the Woolworthbuilding, the brandnew Gherytower and holding your head tight to the right you can see the Empire State Buliding as well. One side of our room was was the window- from the ceiling to the ground, that was just awesome! (I know other hotelrooms in New York, dark and with a little hole in the wall just facing the next wall without a notable distance. nasty!!) The front of the hotel, the entrance and lobby are pretty and nicely decorated. The staff at the desk was nice,
bubble_30	Hotel is a bit of an oasis on this particular street but nevertheless the overall location is very convenient. Easy to get to all the tourist sites and 100s of great places to eat within walking distance. Breakfast is served in a cafe 5 doors down and although there's nothing fancy about it, the portions are good and set you up for the day. The rooms are fine, again nothing fancy but comfortable and clean. Customer service was a bit hit and miss, "there is nobody available" to help with bags and "we've run out of coffee"....relatively minor points but a bit more effort needed!  We stayed for 2 nights with 2 kids which was OK, would use this hotel again.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 2 nights and it's a very nice hotel. Room was a good size with two double beds and a decent size bathroom with a shower unit inside. After spending a day out in New York it was nice to get back in the room to freshen up. Breakfast next door at Mama is OK but nothing special...does the job. Overall....good hotel, good location in Chinatown and would recommend to anyone
bubble_40	A small hotel in the hart of Chinatown, next to NY courthouses and to the NYPD. Walking distance to little Italy (very little). Walking distance to mthe subway. In front of the hotel is a park with open basket ball courts and a football (soccer) ground (bring your sport shoes). The staff is very courtious, the rooms are big (relatively to NYC) and clean. The breakfast is fine ,but you have to take it outside in a coffeeshop next door with vouchers you get at the front desk. I liked it very much and would come back.
bubble_50	We stayed there for 3nights at the end of July as a family of 4.  We found the hotel really clean and very quiet on a night. The beds were really comfortable and the room had a view of Columbus Park. The park was a communal area for the local Chinese people and it was interesting to watch them do Thi Chi each morning.  We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast at the cafe down the street.  The staff were very helpful with advice about how to get to certain landmarks. We would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We stayed in the Mulberry hotel last week and were delighted with it. Our room had a great view over Columbus Park, two comfortable beds, and a spotless bathroom. We had tea making facilities and a fridge, so we could store our own food/drinks which gave us alot of flexibility.  We weren't expecting to get breakfast which was a nice surprise - it is served at the Mama's restaurant a few shops down the road from the hotel. The only criticism of this is that the menu was limited with no healthy options, unless you purchased the food yourself. Great for fries and an omelette, but no fruit/yoghurt etc. Not really a reflection on the hotel, but worth mentioning.  With regards to the location, it's fabulous for eating in Little Italy and Chinatown and is about 4 blocks from the subway
bubble_50	Quite a large and newish looking hotel located in Chinatown, Breakfast is served at a caf a couple of doors down, which was fine. The room was excellent, clean and with a very comfortable (but unusually high!) bed. The staff here were efficient and helpful, even charging my mobile for me while I waited for my ride out of the city. In a city with generally expensive hotel rooms, this is quite well priced and reasonable value for money.
bubble_50	We have just arrived back home after a one week stay at the Hotel Mulberry . The hotel was excellent.  Great location in Chinatown, and just by Little Italy. Not far to the subway.  What can I say; the room was great and spacious, even with to queen size beds. The bathroom was nice, with clean towels everyday. And the staff were excellent.  So if you want a great stay - Stay at Hotel Mulberry.
bubble_10	The rooms are extremely hot and stuffy it claims to have heating and cooling yet they refuse to have both on. Even outside when it is 5 degrees whilst sleeping the room temperature without heating ever turned on is 26 degrees goodluck try to sleep in that. The add comfy except they are a thick latex pillow top and are very hot. I feel the cold and love the heat but these rooms were ridiculous. Lucky we had a balcony and would leave the door open for hours before we went to sleep. Just beware you will hear people flushing toilets, using hair dryers, there tv. For the price l would book somewhere else. Although the location is great l would never stay here again.
bubble_40	We have stayed in midtown Manhattan many times, so weren't sure if we'd enjoy the Chinatown/Little Italy location, but were very pleased with our decision.  The hotel is comfortable, clean and very friendly.  There was always a pot of coffee and cold water in the lobby and the staff happily answered our questions and provided directions.   The subway station is about 5 blocks away, but an interesting walk along the Canal Street shops.  The included breakfast was simple, nothing fancy, but fast and tasty.  Our most pleasant discovery was the lovely park across the street where groups did Tai Chi, or Chinese fan dances each morning, and families congregated to play a Chinese chess game all day long.   This is a working neighborhood, like many in NY where you'll find trash bags on
bubble_30	This could be a rather good boutique hotel. Comfortable rooms. Interestingly placed in Chinatown and very close to Little Italy. If only it was a bit more efficient and more customer-friendly.  First, minor problem was that I booked my one-night stay by phone and their confirmation email failed to state either the room rate or the cost with tax. My fault, I suppose, that I didn't notice this until I arrived at the hotel... More seriously, on my arrival at 4pm, in a hurry to make a quick change of clothes and get moving, I was told the room would not be ready for another hour. I was assured that when it did become available I would be "upgraded" to a room with two beds instead of one. Since I was travelling solo, that wasn't much help.  The real hit came later, when I asked to
bubble_40	Liked the location in Chinatown..quiet and .easy to walk to where we needed to go, and we felt  very safe. It was so wonderful to watch different age groups doing tai chi in the park every morning!  Bed was very comfortable.  We couldn't figure out how to work the TV, and there was no message service on the telephone, but other than that, it was a pleasant stay with a nice staff.
bubble_40	The location was not cab friendly as the driver did not know where it was.The staff was really helpful .There are great restaurants very close either in China town or little Italy .The prices are really reasonable compared to placed in the city . The subway was a great way to get around ,and only 10 min by foot .We bought a 7 day pass for $29 ,and used it to get everywhere. There is a small grocery store 1 block away,and was very convenient for drinks . There were fruit stands 2 blocks away ,and you could buy fresh fruits for cheap,we certainly did ! The rooms very good size  for NY ,and the beds were comfortable. The only complaint was that the wi fi did not work for us ,this was a bummer! We asked the hotel to book a car to take usback to the airport,same price but a lot
bubble_50	This is a wonderful hotel chock full of comfortable amenities, including spacious rooms, in-room refrigerator and free breakfast for two. It's location across from Columbus Park offers a serene setting, considering you are in the heart of Chinatown. Three adults and one 13-year-old big stayed comfortably together in one room for four nights. I highly recommend this hotel!
bubble_40	This hotel is less than 18 months old and is very clean. The decor is very nice and each room has A/C a flat screen TV, free high speed wifi, a fridge and unusually for the US a kettle and tea and coffee in each room. The staff are great, very friendly and attentive. A free breakfast is included and taken at Mama Cafe just four doors along, it is a choice of eggs in various ways with accompaniments OR pancakes and fruit, tea, coffee or juice. It is an adequate start to the day but is not the unlimited extended buffet some people on here seem to expect. The cafe is well used by locals including police officers who park up outside. The hotel and the cafe have chinese owners  It is worth mentioning that the rooms to the front have a nice view whilst those at the back may not,
bubble_50	Just returned from a trip to NYC and had a wonderful experience at the Hotel Mulberry, and couldn't wait to write to readers of this site! As previously mentioned in other reviews, if you are not looking closely enough, you could miss the entrance to the hotel. It blends in with other store fronts, but having read this, we were on the lookout. The hotel faces Columbus Square Park and is nestled between businesses. Walking in the door in the heat of the NY summer, the air conditioning blasts you in the face and feels fantastic. The staff at the desk were exceptional!! Always pleasant, helpful and after several days staying here, we actually felt like we were leaving family when we had to go. There appeared to be 3 rooms on each floor, so the hotel itself is very small and
bubble_20	Unfortunately we picked one of the cheapest options on ----. Unfortunately because the experience felt like THE cheapest hotel a respectable website would advertise. Even cheaper. I call the Mulberry a recession hotel due to the low budget decor and lack of comfort. We were requested to move rooms several times due to their incompetent booking system. Of course I refused to play 'musical rooms' on my vacation. Our air conditioning unit packed up the last night in the middle of the 2011 July/August heat wave. SPOIL. Uncapable of fixing it, the 'technician on call' was unable to answer his call. All in all a two out of 5, one star for cleanliness, one for being in close enough to Soho (although the stench made us rub past the fish stall en route every morning)
bubble_40	My family and I just spend four nights at the Mulberry hotel, in NYC Chinatown. The hotel has recently been refurbished ans is very comfortable, the location downtown is very convenient and the people are very friendly and nice. All that for very reasonable rates ! Congratulations.
bubble_50	This place is great. Friendly, large rooms, great location.... this place has it all. Internet and tea and coffee on tap. I would really urge you to go to this hotel - we will definately come back. Brilliant hotel. You wont be disappointed!
bubble_40	Loved the area, right on the corner of chinatown and little italy.  We could walk to all the restaurants in the lower east side, soho, chinatown..it was a great location and pretty quiet too.  It is a pretty new hotel so prices might not stay as low as they are...I will definately stay again.
bubble_50	My Girlfriend and I decided to go to NYC for the weekend for her birthday and after hours of searching for the right place to stay I found this place and I'm very glad that I did! The hotel is relatively new (winter 2010 I believe) and it shows. The rooms are very clean, modern and quite spacious for New York. The bathroom was beautiful and water pressure was great, perfect for a nice relaxing shower after a long day of walking around the city seeing everything there is to see. Then you can climb into the most amazingly comfortable bed and sleep soundly knowing there are no bedbugs. I have to make a note of the balcony which was HUGE. Almost as big as the room itself and looks out over a park across the street where little Chinese ladies do their Tai Chi in the morning and play
bubble_50	We had a very nice stay at Hotel Mulberry in New York's Chinatown.  It is a clean, nicely decorated and quiet hotel.  The bed was very comfortable. We were impressed with the very friendly staff. As others have said the breakfast each morning is delicious and included.  Make sure you know the names of nearby streets as we had cab drivers who were not aware of where Mulberry Street is.
bubble_20	Room was very small - so small you had difficulty getting in or out of bed. No comfortable chair, small tv, ok bathroom. Location was across from a park but neighborhood was certainly not charming. All in all, very disappointing -especially for the cost.
bubble_40	We thought the hotel was very good.  It seems to be newly renovated.  The room was comfortable with large windows overlooking a park across the street.  Coffee maker and fridge in the room.  Breakfast included in a cafe 2 doors down the street.  Front desk arranged for a car to take us to LaGuardia for $40.
bubble_50	This was a clean, friendly, helpful, economical, and quiet hotel in an extremely crowded city. We travelled there with our two teenage girls and all stayed in the deluxe queen (yes, 2 queen beds!). We selected this hotel because of the low price and the proximity to SOHO, chinatown, Brooklyn, LES, and subways.  Upon arrival, we were greeted to a really nice, small, but sufficient hotel room. Bathroon was really nice, great hot water, good toiletries, lots of clean towels. The weather was 35C and humid, so the AC was needed...and it worked really good and quietly. The view from the room overlooked the busy and treed Columbus Park. The main police station is 1 block away, and police were everywhere...we felt very secure and safe.  The subway on Canal street was close, but the less
bubble_30	The very nice staff at this hotel is the key selling point, here.  For a different type of stay in Manhattan, this is a good option.  Incredible location, in the middle of Chinatown, two blocks to Little Italy, 5 blocks to Tribeca/Soho.   I was disappointed in my "Penthouse Suite" as it did not have a balcony.  The website certainly implied I would have one.   Breakfast is included but I did not try.   The hotel is cute but in my opinion overrated on this site.
bubble_40	We chose this hotel because it's fairly near NYU and not too expensive.   Its quiet situation opposite a park, and the many Chinese and Vietnamese restuarants nearby , proved to be  bonus attractions.   Reception staff were friendly and efficient.   Excellent 'rain head' shower.   Rooms are decent-sized by Manhattan standards.   It's a 4  block walk from  the Canal Street subway station(s),  which serves several different lines.   If you take a cab,  be sure to give the street adddress as the hotel isn't well known and the narrow entry's a bit hard to notice fromt he street .   Free hot breakfast (omelettes, etc.)  is provided in a little cafe about 15 paces down the street.
bubble_50	Honestly, I can't fault this hotel.  It's clean, modern, in a great location (couple of blocks from Canal Street subway).  The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was big (much bigger than I expected!) and clean.  Free wifi and a great breakfast at a local cafe (Mama).  I would definitely recommend this hotel and it will be the first place I look for a room if I go to New York again.
bubble_50	Friendly & helpful staff, comfy beds, big rooms for NYC, clean, bath & shower, fridge, iron, great view, fab breakfast included in our price, TV with good selection of channels, free wifi, free use of computer in lobby, car service to airport, reat location with nearest subway only a few blocks away, locked our baggage away after check out before we left for airport...don't think I missed anything - oh yeah, great price for 8 night stay!! Already told friends to stay here & will stay here again myself. Only one teeny issue - you could hear the shower in the next room in the morning (as they're so powerful!) but that could have just been our room. It is a very minor thing & I was able to get back to sleep.
bubble_50	The other reviewers were spot on. This hotel is a gem in the heart of Chinatown and only 2 blocks to little Italy. Beds super comfortable, marble bathroom with strong shower pressure to ease away the pains of a long day sightseeing. Staff could not have been more helpful....especially Jackie, Kelly, and the young man on at night. We are in NYC frequenlt and will return to the Mulberry again and again.
bubble_50	We were totally happy w/ Hotel Mulberry. It was clean, quiet, & nicely appointed. Right in the heart of Chinatown, which we loved. Our room had a view of Columbus Park, where we could see folks doing Tai Chi in the morning & kids playing all day. The windows must've been soundproof, though, bc the room was always completely quiet. The neighborhood felt very safe, too.   Our flight to NY was delayed twice, so we didn't get to the hotel till after 1 a.m., but the hotel staff was there to greet us. Always pleasant. They held our luggage when we checked out & arranged to have a car ready to take us to the airport when we got back fr/ our final sightseeing.   Free breakfast for two at the diner next door was included in room price. This worked out really well for us. Typical diner
bubble_40	This hotel is great!  We stayed in a deluxe king room.  We got a great deal on the room and were very impressed.  The bed was incredibly comfortable and  the room was immaculate.  The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful in answering all of our questions and providing great restaurant recommendations in the area. When we arrived at the hotel we were running a bit late for an engagement, the concierge booked a car for us and celled our room when it arrived.   The entire experience was pleasant.  We would definitely stay here again. The only con was the breakfast.  The hotel provides a voucher for you to go to a restaurant three doors down for breakfast.  The restaurant was mediocre at best, you're better off fending for yourself.
bubble_50	This Hotel was a perfect choice, extremely comfortable and the location was fantastic. We were here for nine days and it felt like home. Location was spot on for travellers wanting to see more of New York than Time Square. We were lucky to be able to see so much of the city.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Mulberry Hotel in Chinatown NYC for 10 nights this june and we have to say that we could not have been happier with our choice. The hotel is absolutely recommendable. The hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, the rooms were very clean, quite large, the beds were very comfortable.the rooms were cleaned everyday, new towels, we NEVER felt uncomfortable anywhere in the hotel. we walked an average of about 7 hours per day so every night we could look forward to getting back to the hotel to just relax in front our rooms nice flat screen TV. Furthermore, the location is practically unbeatable. it only takes 3 minutes to get to the Canal Street Subway station, from which you can basically reach any point in NYC. A nice addition was that the stay at the
bubble_30	Hotel was ok, but a little noisy. Rooms were nice, and beds comfortable. I did not have the included breakfast, as there was some deal where you got a ticket and went somewhere else to eat.
bubble_20	Very small rooms, lobby that looks like a bad YMCA, and the TV requires a PhD in physics to understand. The doors do not close automatically strangely, and the hallways are very noisy. The only plus side was a comfy bathroom.
bubble_40	A fabulous small stylish hotel in a quiet street - we got a special deal, great price (for Manhattan), nicely appointed room overlooking a small park. Bang in Chinatown, a short distance from the Subway (on Canal St), although we walked daily through Little Italy to Soho and Greenwich Village. The staff very helpful and even allowed us an early check in after arriving on and overnight flight. (Why 4 stars? well, there is always room for improvement...)
bubble_50	Mulberry is clean quiet and friendly with exceptional efficient staff. We had a large clean room in this newly renovated boutique hotel in Chinatown. Very convenient location. Typical Asian food & trinket shops nearby and Little Italy about 2 blocks away. The Dumpling Shop next door is perfect for hungry teenagers at the end of a cold day. NY Subway just a couple of blocks. Our flights were cancelled without notice due to the blizzard. Staff organised a new room for us at the same rate - it could have been a huge drama but it was quite seamless. When our shuttle bus failed to arrive they were able to phone a local guy with a van to take us to the airport at the very last minute. In spite of the blizzard and traffic chaos he took every back street and got us there just in time
bubble_50	When we chose to stay in Manhattan, we wanted to see more than just Times Square. We found a gem in Hotel Mulberry. I actually came across it while reading reviews on another site and was suprised to see how highly it was rated. I am so glad I found this place. It is in China Town, right around the corner from Little Italy. What an amazing little area of Manhattan that we felt lucky to have had the chance to stay in. The hotel is new, and the rooms are immaculate. Each room has a fridge with free bottled water, an amenity you don't see often in NYC. The free breakfast was amazing. The voucher was given and you walk a few doors down to the most darling little cafe. The staff there were friendly and the food was fast and delicious. My kids loved that french fries were served for
bubble_50	hotel Mulberry is a great hotel and the dumplings in the shop next door are to die for. Good value breakfast to keep you going all day. Good rooms, large bathrooms,very clean and tidy.Well priced too. Close to many cheap eateries, and China town has a great atmosphere.I would defintely stay at hotel Mulberry again. The laundry a couple of doors away will do  all your washing and have it returned to your room that day.  I loved the postion, it was a pleasant  walk to times square up broadway  or you can catch the subway  but walking allows you to explore all the shops and sights on the way . I reccomended the hotel to friends who  loved it too
bubble_50	Stayed for 4 nights with my teen-aged son. We usually stay in Chelsea or Midtown and I didn't know whether we would like the Chinatown location. We were pleasantly surprised.  First, the hotel itself is new, modern, clean and well-managed. The staff was interested in making sure that every aspect of our stay went well. They came up to personally adjust the room temperature, helped us with bags, familiarized us with the area and greeted us every time we returned from an outing.   The rooms are large for NYC and the beds are comfortable. And did I mention, clean? The wi-fi was free.  It was a bit slow one night, but other than that, it worked fine.   The park across the street was beautiful to watch in the morning when local residents were out doing tai chi. Despite our initial
bubble_50	I stayed at Hotel Mulberry with a friend for one week. The room was very clean, quiet and well equipped  two queen size beds, kettle, hair dryer, iron, safe, flat-screen TV, refrigerator and free Wi-Fi!!! The rooms are spacious and the beds are very comfortable. We had absolutely no issues with noise and a nice view to the Columbus Park - the Chinese people are doing exercises every morning there. The Canal St. subway is approximately two blocks from the hotel. The staff organized for us transfer to the airport for a fair price  35 $ instead of the regular 45 $ for a taxi. The bathroom was super clean and water power was strong. I booked the hotel online because of the good references although I had some doubt about the location and the safety but there is no reason to be
bubble_50	As other people have mentioned great location for soho etc but if you want to spend a lot of time in the times square/ central park area it's not the right area for you .   There's a direct train to jfk from centre st which is very close (assuming you don't get lost on arrival!) and loads of places to eat/drink/shop  service discreet and helpful; rooms clean, quiet and well equipped.
bubble_50	We had a very pleasant three night stay at Hotel Mulberry.  The rooms are spacious, beds are comfortable and service is excellent.  We had absolutely no issues with noise.  The Canal St. subway is approximately two blocks from the hotel.  Good Chinese restaurants are all around and Soho is a short walk.  This hotel is an excellent value.
bubble_40	As my friend and I were travelling to the hotel by Subway from JFK airport, we found it very inconvenient to walk at least 5 blocks with our luggages from the Subway station. We even walked pass the hotel without noticing it because the front door wasn't quite eye-catching. Luckily, it is the only tiny flaw of the hotel. The staff were very nice and helpful. We were bombarding them with questions about transports, attractions and even dining and they still answered us patiently. We booked a double room with two single beds and it was very spacious and clean! The beds were comfortable. They provided pillows of all sizes, kettle, hair dryer, all the basic facilities we needed. The bathroom was super clean and water power was strong. Nice Chinese restaruants are just around the
bubble_50	I found this hotel on line, booked a week end and ... spent a week end : great location, very nice and helpful people at the desk. The room was spacious and the bed was incredible. Very happy with this hotel. Breakfast next door in a cafe with good pancakes and french toast. I will come back soon and I will recommend this hotel big time! Bravo!
bubble_50	I've seen some negative comments about this hotel and I honestly don't understand what they're talking about.  My friends and I went to NYC for 3 days and we were all so pleased with this hotel.  Location: It is an amazing location, right where Little Italy and Chinatown meet.  You are a hop, skip and a jump from Canal Street and yummy Italian restaurants along Mulberry Street.  I like to walk and wander and I felt the location was perfect.  If your feet get sore and you want to take the subway, the stop isn't that far from the hotel. The hotel also looks out onto a small park and every morning there was a group of people doing Tai Chi which was really neat to watch in the morning.    Noise: We were on the second floor and at first a little nervous about the noise level but it
bubble_50	Excellent modern hotel in the heart of Chinatown, within a 5-minute walk to Little Italy. Every guest room offers a flat-screen TV (no hd), refrigerator and free Wi-Fi. Included is  breakfast every morning for 2 guests, at nearby Mama's Eatery. Rooms come with a safety deposit box, free coffee/tea and luxury bath amenities. Some rooms provide city views or a private terrace.  A wide range of Chinese/Vietnamese/Asian cheap restaurants/dimsum outlets in the immediate neighbourhood. Battery Park, where ferries depart to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, and World Trade Center Site are within a 30-minute walk of the Mulberry Hotel. The restaurants and shops of SoHo are a 10-minute walk away. The Canal Street Subway Station is 2 blocks away.
bubble_40	Rooms were very clean (which surprised me), beds were comfortable, though a bit small (particularly since we paid $350 for the night), but we did have a private (kind-of) terrace.   I would recommend this hotel to tourists who are not on a tight budget.  Oh, amenities are somewhat limited, but you do get a free breakfast at a restaurant owned by the same owners four doors down from the hotel - the restaurant had decent breakfast (from a menu that has a good number of options)...I think the place is called Mamas.
bubble_50	Hotel Mulberry offers all the essential features of the ideal hotel experience.  The rooms are clean and well maintained with luxurious beds and a spacious, modern bathroom.   The  front desk personnel were friendly and attentive.  Located in the heart of Chinatown, the locals live, eat and play all around you.  There are local produce markets, open fish markets and inexpensive but wonderful restaurants frequented by the denizens just around the corner.  They do offer a free breakfast for a maximum of 2 guests per room at nearby Mama's cafe. The food is solid not spectacular.Subway access is 2 blocks away and if your a runner, you can easily jog to either the Manhatttan or Brooklyn Bridges and cross over to Brooklyn on either one, enjoying the heart-stopping views along the way.
bubble_50	At first we were a little unsure of what to expect as this hotel is Chinatown and not right in the centre near the Empire State and other touristy sites however our reservations were shattered and our expectations more than surpassed. This is a fantastic hotel right opposite Columbus Park where you can watch the locals practising Tai Chi every morning  it really is mesmerising and calming to watch. The hotel rooms were spacious with the most comfortable (high) beds, bathrooms clean and the staff more than helpful. Breakfast was included in our stay where we got a voucher to go two doors down to a typical NYC caf called Mama, the breakfast was huge and delicious  should have lasted the whole day but in true NY style only kept us going until lunchtime! If you are staying here
bubble_40	I stayed here with my wife for a total of 6 days. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are clean. New York is expensive with regard to hotels for European travelers so you cant call it cheap but for New York it was definitely doable. The room itself is nothing special but they have everything you need. Clean bathroom, flatscreen and a really good bed with nice pillows. The breakfast is nothing special, mostly eggs and pancackes with coffee. Not good, not bad but a little plain for 6 days.  The location is ok. Chinatown in front of a small park. You have to walk a little to go to soho and on and the subway is about 5 miutes.   I would go here again when we go back.
bubble_50	This was an incredibly comfortable inexpensive hotel with friendly staff and a super atmosphere.  The beds and rooms were comfortable, clean and warm with WiFi, fridge and satelite. Close to the subway and a fascinating area to just wander around - we walked to Soho and Noho and the whole experience was terrific.  Thanks to all at the Mulberry for making our New York trip so wonderful.
bubble_10	Booked hotel based on reviews; big mistake; location is actually terrible; esp if travelling with teenagers; photograph of front of hotel  misleading, makes it look like a tall building..really a "hole" in the wall; hotel advertises free breakfast...however beware..breakfast is free only for 2 people per room, if travelling with children and staying in the same room, the breakfast is not free;  terrible cancellation policy (better off staying at real hotels); we tried to cancel esp given that we were to get there on the Sunday of the blizzard, they insisted that regardless of the unforeseen circumstances we would get charged for our full 4 night stay; cleanliness...during the first day of our stay, our room was not cleaned, definitely would not recommend this hotel
bubble_50	Had booked this hotel based on the positive comments left by other trip advisor members. Particularly liked the comments regarding how quiet the rooms were. After staying Midtown on 55th and 7th last year, I was keen to see if a peaceful room in New York could be had and it was!  Located in Chinatown on Mulberry Street the hotel is off the main drag which is canal street, good location and straight opposite the park which is so peaceful at night and in the morning. Canal Street is the only downside to staying here as you get hassled daily on the trip to the tube by women selling 'louis, louis' handbags and watches etc. You just have to ignore them and walk past them like a local and they leave you alone.  The hotel room we booked was a twin queen bed with balcony for the 2 of
bubble_50	Usually have stayed at Hilton ands Hilton family properties. Got an excellent rate $249.00/ night. Located in Chinatown, just a few blocks from Canal Subway. Really nice hotel. Quiet, large rooms with comfy beds and nice linens. Big bathroom, fluffy towels. The staff was very nice and accommodating. We were able to check in at 0900, which was great. Across the street was the park and Chinese community center,so it was very quiet at night. Order a cab to the airport at the front desk, $28.00 flat rate. The driver was very kind and didn't drive like a nut.  breakfast down the street was ok, not great. they serve you french fries, not home fries. Would absolutely stay here again.
bubble_50	I have stayed at Mulberry Hotel only for one night but I can say that it was a very comfortable stayng. The staff was very very helpfull, they have provide to call some cars to bring s to the airport and give us lot of informations. The rooms were very clean and with wonderful view!! The bed was very comfortable and all the structure was clean and new. I will probably choose this hotel for my next trip in NYC!
bubble_50	Very pleasant surprise. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was large and very clean. Good location for exploring NY.
bubble_50	Me and my boyfriend stayed in Mulberry hotel for only one night. Before that we were staying in an apartment in East village which is the best place to stay during your visit in Manhattan. We booked the Deluxe Suite which was perfect! Spacious room, very clean with a big balcony overlooking Manhattan. Mulberry is located in Chinatown which means that the area in general is loud but Mulberry street is quiet. The stuff was helpful and they also booked for us a cheap taxi to the airport (cheaper than the yellow cabs). The price was good for Manhattan. The only thing we didn't like was the breakfast. The breakfast served in a cafe close by in which the stuff is extremely slow, the food is not that good and the variety limited. Overall we enjoyed our stay!
bubble_50	Hotel mulberry was a great base to our trip.  We are 3 young women who felt very safe and extremely happy with the Hotel and surrounding location.  It was very easy to navigate to most all sightseeing attractions in lower manhattan.  The hotel itself was clean and we all slept better than we had in weeks!  Thanks hotel Mulberry for helping make our trip one of the best we ever had!!
bubble_50	We went to NYC to attend a family wedding.  The rest of the family was staying at the Tribeca Grand, a ten minute walk from the Mulberry, but the cost for the two nights was $350 more than the Mulberry.  We spent some time there and did not care for it. It's very dark and at night very noisy with blaring music. We were so delighted with our choice.  We were upgraded to a penthouse suite which, while not a suite in the strict sense of the word, was a very large room on the top (13th) floor.  We overlooked Columbus Park and delighted in watching the locals do their Tai Chi in the morning.  The room and the public areas are immaculate. The hotel is located in Chinatown and at first glance the area looked a bit seedy, but it was really delightful.  Mulberry Street is a small one way
bubble_50	From the moment we arrived the staff went out of their way to make sure everything was to our liking. They offered helpful tips on where to go and how to get there. The room, like the rest of the hotel, was modern and spotless. The location proved to be ideal for the exploring and sightseeing we wanted to accomplish. The included breakfast was provided by the restaurant next door, - and it was substantial and delicious. We can wholeheartedly recommend the Hotel Mulberry to those looking for a comfortable stay and attentive staff.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Hotel Mulberry and I was pleasantly surprised by how beautiful the hotel was.  The service was outstanding and the rooms were clean and nicely decorated.  We were upgraded to a Terrace room and the view was absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend this hotel and can't wait to be able to stay again.
bubble_30	Chinese owned, nearly new and finished to a high standard.  Very narrow building with only 3 rooms (?) per floor.  water for bathing was turned down to the minimum in room. Poor aspect with views over back alleys. Convenient for downtown but a bit of hike for uptown with the nearest tube (subway) about 1/2 mile and  not that easy to get a cab in this quiet backwater. Convenient for chinatown or the over priced restaurants  in Little Italy.   Breakfast is served in a  cafe down the road from the hotel, owned by the same people, the choice is limited and the food is poor. Our food and drinks were cold and served on paper plates. We complained but  they were not interested in either a refund or an alternative. we ate elsewhere for the remainder of our stay
bubble_50	The hotelroom was extremely clean. Great service and the staff was very friendly. We had nice view over Columbus park. We Highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	Difficult to rate this hotel. In fact, I might be severe just because I am disappointed. For this price, nicer furnitures in the rooms could have been expected. Apart from the bed itself (very comfortable), the rest is absolutely basic. The bathroom is spotless as the room is. The terrasse was very pleasant, it is not so often you can open the windows in hotels in NY. Let's be honnest, you can get much better rooms in NYC for this price.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Hotel Mulberry for almost a week and was so pleased with our room, the location and the staff.  The hotel is quiet and located right across the street from Columbus Park where we watched people practicing Tai Chi every morning.  The complimentary breakfast at Mama's Restaurant was delicious - try the whole wheat banana pancakes with fresh fruit!. The beds are huge and comfortable.  The rooms are spotless.   Just a short walk up Mulberry to Canal and we were in Little Italy.  It's a great place to get a feel for New York and the wonderful Chinese culture.  The Front Desk staff was so helpful and even got a cab for us.  I will be returning in November and look forward to staying here again.
bubble_50	I highly recommend staying at the Mulberry Hotel.  It is conveniently located close to the Holland Tunnel so you don't have to go through much of the city traffic.  Staff was very friendly and accomodating.  We were able to check-in an hour early so that we were able to start touring NY.     We got a nice view of the park across the street.  Every morning, we watched the locals do their morning exercises.   Also, we received a complimentary breakfast a few doors down at Mama's, where you can get eggs, omelets, pancakes, french toast, etc...  Better than your average continental breakfast that other hotels offer. The room was clean and spacious.  There were three of us and we had plenty of room.   I would definitely go back.
bubble_50	Spent one night at the Hotel Mulberry in Chinatown.  I was a little concerned in the taxi on the way to the hotel.  I thought it might turn into a real dive.  Was I ever wrong.  It is a gorgeous, new hotel with great service. There are only 3 rooms per floor so you don't hear your neighboors at all.  Being on the 6th floor, we could hear a little bit of city noise.  The beds are incredibly soft.  The bathroom is immaculate.  Compimentary breakfast next door at Mama's was exceptional.  Hot homemade,  whole wheat pancakes or three choices of omelets.
bubble_50	I was attending a wedding in Chinatown and I was apprehensive about staying anywhere in Chinatown. I was worried that it was going to be dirty and loud, on the contrary, the staff was super helpful and pleasant. The parking garage was 3 or 4 units over. My boyfriend went into the hotel to check in first and he sent the bellhop over to help with the luggage. The room was spacious and very clean! We slept through the night with no disturbances. The only thing that we heard were other guests in the hallway in the morning. It was mostly kids running to the elevator, but kids are harmless so I didn't mind. I would definitely go back to this hotel for any future trips to NYC. The room was reasonable priced compared to other hotels I had looked into. It was in a great location. We were
bubble_50	The Hotel Mulberry is in the Heart of Chinatown, a short walk from the subway and on the border of little Italy.  We loved the location,  walked all over day and night, easily took the subway everywhere we wanted to go.  The rooms were really large for a Manhattan hotel -- we had two queen size beds, a small fridge, and still plenty of room to walk around.  The bathroom was beautiful, marble, pristine.  The hotel was just reopened in April, 2010.  Everything was spotless.  There are only a few rooms per floor so the it was very quiet.  The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.  There was a slight problem with our reservation that the staff cleared right up.  There is cheap parking next door -- $36 for 24 hours.  They also provided a coupon for a free good breakfast next
