bubble_50	I stumbled upon this hidden gem on a weekend get away to the city. From the second I walked in, I felt welcome. I arrived earlier than check in time. They stored my luggage.Called me when room was ready and sent my luggage to the room. The rooms are exactly what you would expect from NY as far as size. The room was very clean and staff maintained it as such.  Check in was fast. I love that I can get coffee at anytime of day. Enjoyed their daily wine and cheese event. Breakfast was simple , but had everything you needed to get your day started. Rooftop is very nice. Can't wait to see it in the summer time. Staff is super friendly and always greet you with a warm smile. They are very helpful with directions. Hotel is very close to a lot of attractions and great food. I will
bubble_50	This boutique hotel offered a delightful stay. We stayed in a standard room (the cozy room is smaller, other room categories are larger), and it was plenty big enough, clean and comfortable. The location was great for us. The continental breakfast featured fresh, not prepackaged, baked goods. The real jewel in the crown was the staff. Everyone we encountered, from front desk staff to housekeeping, seemed to really like their job and take pleasure in being helpful, friendly, kind, and cheerful, and wanted to make sure you enjoyed your stay. Add to that a reasonable price and this charming hotel is a big winner.
bubble_40	Reasonably priced hotel . Decent room size and finishing. One of the gentleman who mans the reception who I think is a manager provides friendly and helpful service but that is not replicated for all reception staff.  Location is alright but not that central but has restaurants / cafes around.  Breakfast is a rather casual affair- pastries , fruits and beverage served at the small  reception area which has some scattered seating  A decent place to stay for the pricing
bubble_50	How glad I am to have chosen Lex boutique hotel NYC for this year's NYC visit. It is a small, clean and super friendly hotel located in a really nice and not too busy neighbothood, with EVERYTHING you need right outside the hotel's doors.  We were not familiar with the neighborhood but found everything we wanted within reach.   Our ropm was exactly what we wanted and we felt so good to be returning there after a busy day or night in the city.  We specifically loved the continental breakfast, which was simple but very satisfying (pastery, coffy, cereals, juice, oats and some fruit) and the cheese and wine they serve in the afternoon. This really shows they care about guest's satisfaction and really want to make sure your stay is nice and fun.  The LEX really live up to my moto of
bubble_10	My wife and i found the rooms absurdly cramped, badly furnished- no desk, no chairs , a bed that consumes over 50% of the entire room space and no closets. Moreover, no views and a cramped bathroom with no tub. Need i say more?
bubble_50	From the moment I walked into the hotel, I felt at home and welcomed. The room though small was clean and well appointed as is the bathroom. The location is perfect as it's not in busy Times Square and yet there are restaurants, shopping and attractions nearby. The front desk staff couyldn't have been more friendly and accomadating bring tea to the room if requested. I have already booked my next stay there.
bubble_50	This was our second stay at the Lex. The location is excellent and very convenient for so many things NYC. The hotel is small like all boutique hotels in NYC, however, its service packs a punch. The staff is friendly and very accommodating and the managers are very pleased to help with anything that the competent staff cant. The rooms are clean and convenient. I will stay here again anytime Im in the area. Thank you team Lex.
bubble_40	Checking in at The Lex NYC could not have been easier made by friendly staff. Our room on the 5th floor was quiet with very little street noise, although the air conditioner was a little on the noisy side (nothing that we are not used to room air con in the UK). Hotel is perfectly located in mid town giving easy access to uptown and downtown with subway stop only a block away. Breakfast is continental style saving time in the morning, one slight improvement could be coffee in reception throughout the day (water is available). On checking out the hotel willingly stored our bags until ready to depart for the airport. Excellent hotel, great location and wonderfully friendly staff.
bubble_50	It has a fabulous staff and the daily continental breakfast comes in the clutch. Also, the wine reception hit the spot after I came in from work. Akheim, at the front desk was amazing. He was very courteous and polite. He also listened to me Talk his ear off after a few glasses of wine . . Lol . He was great with giving directions and food suggestions. The room was comfy. The rooftop is also a place you should check out when you stay at the hotel. The view from the rooftop is amazing. Overall stay was superb.
bubble_30	Stayed for 3 nights during UN assembly. Everythibg was sold out so had no choice. The room is small, boring. No brekafast ( some fruits and cakes in the lobby). My room on 2 floor was very noisy due to the view on Lexington and the AC was blowing at the bed. Terrible. But location is ok
bubble_50	I stayed here for 4 nights with my girlfriend, it was exactly what we needed, we didn't want super fancy or a big room, we wanted clean cozy, comfortable and safe, this was all of those things. The continental breakfast is pastries, cereals,  fruit, juices, a great way to start the morning. We were always out in the evenings so we didn't get the wine reception at night. The staff was great, really friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of. Our flight was leaving later in the afternoon and they let us keep our luggage there while we went and got lunch.  The room was cleaned daily with clean towels and the bed made, we were always greeted with a smile and asking how our day had been.  I'd definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	I stayed with my friends this past Labor Day weekend and we had an excellent experience. The front desk were so courteous, the rooms were so clean and everything was ready when we arrived.   We would definitely stay at this hotel when we visit New York again.
bubble_50	The ideal place to stay when you visit New York City! I traveled with my girlfriend and the location seemed perfect and it is but this hotel has the friendliest staff, great rooms with awesome beds, amazing rooftop and delicious breakfast!
bubble_50	Me and my sister stayed at the Lex Hotel when we visited New York in March. Our room wasnt ready when we arrived, but we were allowed to use the bathroom to freshen up and were offered coffee. We were impressed with our room, it was more roomy than we expected it to be and it was also nice and clean. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Although the hotel isnt close by to the Times Square, Empire State, etc., you are only around a 15/20 minute walk away. Plus its also nice to stay somewhere thats just a little out of the way from all the hustle and bustle of NY.
bubble_40	I liked my stay! Its in a great location near Madison square park, flatiron but also walking distance to gramercy and east village. I especially enjoyed the wine and cheese happy hour FREE from 5-6 pm. As for the rooms, they are a good value for money. Comfortable beds, small rooms but did include everything you need - toiletries, complimentary water, large bed, tables and a desk. There are no frills but for the price, location and some free wine I left my 3 night stay happy as a clam! Not getting 5 stars because not over and beyond, but still great.
bubble_10	This place fails as a boutique hotel. Poorly laid out rooms, inflexible check in and wafer thin walls led to an uncomfortable stay. Staff are pleasant and the amenities - cheese/wine and breakfast are satisfactory. Just do not expect a real "boutique" service or standard in the rooms.
bubble_40	The Lex is a cool little boutique hotel with clean quiet rooms.  They have a lot of cool little things for guests like happy hour on the rooftop patio and breakfast there as well, weather permitting.  The rooms are average sized for Manhattan, but above-average quality and cleanliness.   The staff here is awesome.  They seemed to really care about making a good impression and ensuring guests were enjoying their time there.
bubble_50	We were travelling to NYC as a group. This hotel is in the perfect location, moments from the subway, easy to get anywhere. The biggest selling point of this hotel are the staff, they could not have been more helpful, more friendly, more hospitable, a real asset for this hotel.  Thank you to everyone there. We requested a room with a shower, rather than just a bath, which they obliged. The room was lovely, well appointed. At 4pm they served complimentary cheese and wine in reception, such a nice touch. The continental breakfast was lovely and served on the fantastic roof terrace. We were all surprised at the good value of this place for all the amenities and location. Keep doing what youre doing, well be back! Your staff are a credit, make sure they stay!
bubble_50	Stayed at the Lex hotel for 5 nights for our time in New York. The Hotel was small but very clean. Breakfast on the rooftop was good with a good variety for continental breakfast. Enjoyed the free wine, crackers and cheese between 5 and 6pm.. Great location. Easy access to sub way.
bubble_50	Great staff, great location, well appointed rooms.  Also free breakfast, not much selection but adequate, and free wine, cheese and crackers in the late afternoon.  I will absolutely stay here again.  The hallways are not noisy, and I even had a private balcony on my last stay.
bubble_30	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Lex over Easter Weekend. I had seen other reviews on TripAdvisor and seen pictures so I felt assured that our stay would be good. We arrived early morning and dropped off our bags that the hotel. They said they would call us as soon as they had a room ready. Around 4:30 pm I had still not received any call so I called the front desk and the man on the phone said he forgot to call us to tell us the room was ready. Once we checked in, the room was OKAY. It had a faint mildew smell and the AC unit was extremely noisy and made the air super dry. I was not expecting a super large space or anything so I do not mark them negatively on this. It had all the basic amenities you would expect; hair dryer, towels etc. The mattress and bedding felt super warm
bubble_50	We have now stayed at the Lex over a dozen times during the past few years. We're in NYC for a variety of reasons (business and pleasure) and Lex has become our go to hotel. Our last visit required us to stay for 9 days and the only reason we didn't stay at the Lex the entire time was availability. It's a smaller hotel and although limited by the number of rooms, the quality, attentiveness, friendliness of staff and location make this a top choice in Manhattan.  If you're looking for trendy, you can go down the block and easily spend $100 more a night for staff with an attitude and artisan shampoos and soaps. Compared to the Lex, you'll also get much smaller rooms and limited flexibility with check in and check out.  The Lex staff is nothing short of amazing. Consistently, we
bubble_50	A truly wonderful hotel, great location, walking distance to everything to see in the city. The room was a little small, but that was a non-issue we spent all our time sightseeing and visiting the museums, galleries, restaurants and watering holes.
bubble_50	A completely unpretentious oasis near Gramercy Park.  Clean, simple and welcoming.  Unlike snootier spots in the city, the staff doesnt have to work to appear warm, friendly and accommodating because they ARE warm, friendly and accommodating.
bubble_50	Cozy hotel, clean, big bathrooms, comfortable mattress, close to the Subway station and the staff is friendly and willing to help you. I will stay there again in the future. Affordable price. I highly recommend it.
bubble_50	The staff went so far in being helpful and making the stay so enjoyable. They were so friendly and caring.  The included breakfast was a nice feature. The beds were comfortable. The location was perfect.
bubble_50	We stayed for 5 nights at end of March/beginning of April. Flew over from Scotland to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary. The hotel was clean, modern and the staff (especially Romeo) were friendly, attentive and very helpful throughout our stay. There was even an anniversay card from the hotel when we entered our room - nice personal touch. The location is excellent with numerous eating choices closeby. Access to the subway is only a couple of minutes away. The daily free cheese and wine between 5 and 6 is the icing on the cake. Would definitely recommend!
bubble_50	The hotel is very well kept with a modern look. The location is perfect with plenty of nearby shops as well as transportation. The front desk staff were very attentive and helpful and will go the extra mile. Romeo in particular helped us with directions to get to our destination as well as making us dinner reservations. The cleaning staff were friendly and polite  and kept the room very neat and clean. Thank you all for making our stay memorable and enjoyable and the management for having an excellent property.
bubble_50	My work signed a contract with Lex for my visits from CA to NY.  I was very happy with my week long visit, the staff was super attentive and although the room was compact it was very tidy and cute.  Akheim and Nitzka were the best!
bubble_50	I found myself visiting the city once again as a friend was visiting. We stayed at this gem hotel as its my go to hotel when in the city. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, alway greeting us as if it was the first time interacting with them. The continental breakfast is a great touch to get the morning started. One of the best things about this hotel is the location and how convenient it is to get around the city. Thanks again for the great stay, until next time my Lex Team!
bubble_50	This will be my 2nd time staying at this lovely haven in the Flat Iron district and it will not be my last! The staff is so friendly and helpful in any and all situations the place is so clean! The Lex hotel is also convenient to many fantastic restaurants and shops... I just cant say enough about the quality, Impeccable! If and when you visit be sure and say hello to the lovely Angelika.
bubble_50	I stay here a couple times a year. Affordable, convenient and clean. Love the staff, always friendly and attentive. The bath products in the room are nice too. The area has tasty cheap food just outside the door, and the hotel is conveniently located to everything you might need.
bubble_40	Stayed here for a few days, definitely a smaller hotel but it was very clean and we had no issues here. The staff is great and friendly, parking is available nearby for an extra fee which was nice to have as an option. Would definitely stay here again!
bubble_20	This is probably the smallest hotel room I've ever had outside of Tokyo. The room was very clean, bathroom amenities are nice and the internet, while slow, was solid.  Bed was comfortable but the pillows were very thin and not very comfortable for sleeping. Worst was the shower water pressure and the shower head, along with the low pressure the shower head in my room sprayed it out in such a spray that rinsing off was challenging.  Also, the room only had a small built in desk with an uncomfortable wooden chair. You had that, or the bed as the only options for sitting.  There was no dresser and only a very shallow wardrobe which included a mini ironing board that sits on the bed or floor to use. I appreciate the cleanliness, 2 free bottles of water but the remaining was sub-par
bubble_40	This was my third stay at The Lex. Every stay has been great! The staff are super friendly and amazingly helpful, very customer service orientated.  I like the Flatiron District and its a short walk to Grammercy and Union Square Park as well as Madison Square Park. Great area!  The free breakfast has always been fresh and tasty. And each time I've stayed they have added something new...cereal and oatmeal are new additions this time around. They offer apples oranges bananas cereal instant oatmeal muffins and croissants and coffee tea and orange juice. In my book, for the prices you pay here that is a great deal. They even leave you a couple bottles of water each day as well. I've never experienced any noise except some street noise because hello it IS New York city. The rooms are
bubble_50	Stayed here for one quick night this past week at the Lex Hotel. Really enjoyed it! It is a small boutique hotel in a great location. About a 20 minute walk or so to Korean Town and close to other fun iconic places to visit. All the staff, both in afternoon and morning at the hotel were very kind and helpful including Romeo who helped check me out. Clean rooms and from what I can tell decently sized for NYC. They had a small breakfast set u as well and offer wine and cheese in the evening and they offer to bring you coffee to your room whenever you need it which is great. Would definitely choose this place to stay again if in NYC.
bubble_40	This is a perfect place for travelers on a budget who are just looking for a place to stay at night.  The rooms are spotless with a comfortable bed.  Nice TV, no refrigerator, small writing desk.  They have a nice continental breakfast of fruit, cereal, pastries, and coffee in the morning and wine, cheese and crackers from 5 to 6.  This is included with the service charge.  If the weather is nice they have a very comfortable roof deck.  The staff is also very friendly and helpful.  My only complaint and the reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because of their advertising.  They advertised a Spring Fling rate  which was 15% off the posted rates.  Also said you got the best rates if you booked direct instead of through kayak, travago etc.  They guaranteed you were getting the
bubble_30	Checking out from The Lex today after a great couple of days in New York.  Expected more for what I'd paid online. First the pluses. Good location within walking distance of 23rd Street station. Clean rooms, did what it said on the tin. Drawbacks? Paper thin walks meant we could not only hear our neighbors, but we could hear what they were saying. The vent system seems to somehow amplify sound. We had to keep the aircon on to blot out the constant chatter. And the breakfast....we went down first morning and didn't bother after that, it consisted of a few stale croissants (the kind made from vegetable oil not from butter), pastries (we didn't try after the croissants) and tea or coffee. We couldn't understand the positive breakfast reviews and still can't.  Overall it was an OK
bubble_50	Great Hotel, very friendly and helpful staff. Spotlessly clean & Comfortable rooms. Continental Breakfast was lovely and fresh. Location for us was great near 23rd Street Subway Station  All attractions easy to get to. Lots of places to eat near by. Highly Recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	Clean, comfortable room, at a reasonable price. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Very convenient for my meetings and events, which were only a few blocks away. I would definitely go there again.
bubble_50	We loved this hotel!! The location was great, it was an amazing value, the room was perfect for us and the staff was the best. They are were helpful and cheerful at all times. The included continental breakfast and happy hour were perfect!  We have traveled to NY many times and stayed many places, but this is our new favorite. We will be back!!
bubble_50	The Lex represents really good value for money. Clean comfortable accommodation, friendly efficient staff and within reach of all Manhattan has to offer. Ok so you pay a "service charge" around $19 per night but considering the ample continental type breakfast thrown in and a daily cheese & wine offering at 5pm it was well worth it. Porridge, fruit, pastries and other cereal options with tea, coffees and juices help kick start your day and teas & coffees are available on request 24/7. We managed to walk uptown, downtown and cross town to visit most tourist attractions from the hotel. Nice eateries close by including smokehouse next to Jazz Standard 2 mins from hotel but we preferred the choices in nearby Greenwich and Little Italy. Caught the subway once from 23rd St but despite
bubble_40	I really like this hotel. The room sizes and amenities are just right.  Im more concerned with keeping the price reasonable so Im not looking for a whole lot of extras. The staff are always friendly and accommodating.  My only wish would be for more comfortable beds.
bubble_40	Nice hotel with very good service and acceptable Cozy Queen room. Rooms in NYC are generally small and at least this hotel made that clear. The room was always clean and service very good. The Resort fee was my only issue. The location of the hotel is excellent and very walkable. I will stay at the hotel again. The communications with management (thank you Odalis) was professional and outstanding.
bubble_50	The location is great, Lexington Avenue between 27th and 26th. Walking distance to a lot of attractions, subway stations, and restaurants. The rooms are clean and bigger than they look online. There is a rooftop but it was too cold to use right now but must be nice in the warmer months.  The staff was great, super helpful about where to eat and what to do. I am a big fan of the "continuous coffee" which is served all day and they will bring right up to your room. There is a complimentary continental breakfast in the morning and complimentary wine and cheese every evening from 5-6pm. We enjoyed both and would definitely stay here again when in NYC.
bubble_50	The staff at the front desk were very helpful. They told us everything we needed to know and answered all of our questions. We had a beautiful bedroom with very comfortable beds. The bathroom was clean and roomy. The complimentary soaps had a great smell! The breakfast was simple with different selections to choose from.
bubble_50	Had the most wonderful stay here. The rooms were very clean. I was able to use the wifi and cast movies from my phone to the tv in the suite. The breakfast was spectacular, you can order coffee, tea or ice to the room for free at anytime. Definitely will be staying here in the future!
bubble_50	The staff were all very helpful and accommodating!  The hotel was extremely clean.  We were able to check in immediately upon arrival in the early morning.  The breakfast each morning had just enough variety to avoid needing to wonder out for a diner.  The evening wine and cheese was a nice surprise.
bubble_50	From check in to check out, this was a great stay. Staff is friendly and very helpful. After reading some reviews about the size of rooms, we were happily surprised to find our superior queen room quite spacious, comfortable, and spotless. The bathroom was beautifully done, and a nice size. Wine and cheese are offered from 5-6 every night. We didn't get a chance to eat their complimentary pastries and coffee for breakfast. They even left 2 bottles of water in our room. We thought that was a nice touch. It's easy to see why people wrote that they go back each time they are in New York. We will definitely do the same.
bubble_50	I stayed here for 5 nights and would highly recommend this hotel. Their staff and location make this hotel a fantastic option. From checking in to checking out, the staff were so friendly and helpful to us.  I would actually say this is one of the best hotel experiences I've had. We booked a cosy queen room and asked for a room at the back. It was super quiet and perfect for our stay. Only drawback to that room is not enough storage. There is a rooftop on this hotel with lovely views. The breakfast is in the lobby each morning and was perfect to set us up for the day. There isn't a specific breakfast room and it is self service. The hotel is very clean and I would again highlight how friendly and kind the staff are. We also had a good laugh with them at times which was lovely.
bubble_50	Considering everything, this is a great place to stay if you want a moderate price, clean rooms, welcoming staff and excellent location. There's not much of a lobby, but everything else made up for it. Our superior room was good sized and everything was modern and very clean. We really enjoyed our stay.
bubble_50	I had an appointment at a business in the Flatiron district and chose The Lex NYC because it was convenient.  I had such a comfortable visit I stayed here the next week when I was back in the city.  Love it!  Staff are friendly and rooms are clean and comfortable.  We missed the wine and cheese hour, but loved the breakfast!
bubble_50	I just had an excellent time at The Lex.  Believe the other reviews...this is a wonderful small hotel located just off Madison Square in NYC.  I spent three nights for a quick visit for a jazz festival.  The rooms were small but cozy, quiet, and well provisioned.  The bathroom and shower were roomy and excellent.  What is not there - hotel bar, restaurant, etc. - is provided by all the options in the surrounding area.  The best part about the Lex, however, is the staff, who are exceptionally friendly and helpful.  A great deal and location, especially if you want to see New York and not just stay in your room.  Highly recommended with no qualifications.
bubble_50	The staff were very helpful and went out of their way to ensure our stay was enjoyable. The rooms were basic but very clean and comfortable.  Great location for getting to all of the main New York City sites and we visited some great high quality restaurants one block away. Covina was our favourite.  We also used the hotels private transfer back to JFK at a cost of $75. This was slightly more expensive than a yellow cab but much more comfortable.  Would recommend this hotel for a short city break.
bubble_40	Perhaps the best service I have ever received at a hotel. All the staff members genuinely cared about you - they really went out of their way for the guests to have a successful stay in NY, not just a comfortable stay at the hotel. I have to thank Gam for his help with my NY stay - really outstanding support, a genuinely caring heart.  The rooms are comfortable, easy to keep tidy, have air conditioning, and reliable WiFi. It was always great when I got to refuge in the hotel room. I slept in a higher floor, so I could not hear the traffic from the road. I never ate the breakfast at the hotel as they only offer a continental breakfast - I usually ate at a caf on my way to the client I was visiting. Eating options were easy to find, and the hotel staff are happy to help you find
bubble_50	The staff is very professional and extremely helpful. The location is ideal close to where I need to go. The rooms are very clean and the beds very comfortable. The amenities are incredible from the breakfast to the wine and cheese.
bubble_50	A fantastic hotel located conveniently near my daughter's apartment as well as several other great locations. I have been to different boutique hotels across the country and I have to say that I am highly impressed by the 5-star quality of cleanliness and professionalism displayed at this hotel. Jonathan and the staff worked hard daily to make sure my stay was memorable and comfortable. The daily breakfast was also a great option before heading out for the day. The Lex is definitely my top choice for my future visits to NYC.
bubble_50	Would like to applaud the customer centricity of the staff at the Lex. Upon check in, I realised I had left an item at my previous hotel and my coporate card didn't work. Romeo who attended to me helped me call my previous hotel immediately, and also worked on getting me checked in to my current room with my personal card as fast as possible. He also was very responsive in email when I needed extra information and empathic about my situation.   It made me feel better about a terrible situation almost immediately. All the other staff that I interacted with were all top notch as well, and knew my situation as Romeo handed over very well. Very professional!  The room itself was very comfortable. Spacious and well designed. Bathroom was very well equipped. Bed was extremely
bubble_50	Everything you need in a nice central location with great staff and parking around the corner. Room was basic but clean and likely recently renovated. There is some street noise but its NYC so you must expect that. Would stay here again.
bubble_50	A hidden gem in Midtown.    Warm and friendly staff, perfect sized room, comfy bed and great linens.    Can't find any complaints.  Lovely extra touches such as wine and cheese in the evenings! Will definitely be back!
bubble_50	I found my self visiting the city again and why not stay at the lex. Having such a great experience at the lex my last visit decided to come back. Being greeted by some of the familiar face from my last stay was great, was greeted as if i was walking into my apartment building. The breakfast selection in the AM is a nice touch to get the day started. My recommendation to anyone is if you want to feel like home, you should definitely give The Lex a try.
bubble_50	Words cannot describe how much I enjoyed my stay at The Lex NYC. The staff is fantastic very knowledgeable and helpful. Cleaning staff are just so friendly and courteous. Rooms are exceptionally clean and neat. The hotel is very modern and unique. This hotel is very well managed and I will continue to stay here while visiting NYC. Thanks again
bubble_50	The LEX  What a great little hotel, location, location,location Thats whats its all about, just out of all the noise but close enough to go and get in the mix.  Surrounded my great bars and eating places.  Front desk staff..... top top top anything to help friendly and with a smile. Room clean and tidy couldnt ask for more. Would we stay again YES YES YES
bubble_40	I would like to point out that the desk cerks Angelita and the men were just great.  I don't remember his name but he called the shuttle to confirm for me that they were going to pick me up.as I didn't have my phone.  Quite a relief.  Rooms are small but clean and the hotel is situated in a great spot.  Had a good stay.  Breakfast was satisfactory.
bubble_50	The location of this hotel is great, it is good value, the rooms are a good size (for Manhattan) and it has a cute roof terrace. However, they best thing about this hotel is the staff. They are so friendly and helpful. For example, we came back to the hotel after getting caught in a rainstorm and the receptionist immediately asked if he could bring us more towels. More than professional, they seem to genuinely enjoy what they do.
bubble_50	Really pleased with the Lex NYC, the staff were great and the location was central and really easy to access from the subway and both Penn and Grand Central stations. Even though it was central, it still managed to be pretty quiet at night - although the hotel do offer ear plugs if you want them!  Although the room was marked as small it really wasnt that bad, it still had a cupboard, reasonable sized bathroom and safe.  The breakfast was in no way special, but it was a nice touch to have something available and made the start of the day a bit simpler.  Again, nice touches like free bottles of water in the room and wine in the lobby for an hour in the evening were definitely appreciated.  Doubt I couldve found a better hotel, especially for the price - Id book with them again
bubble_50	Could not fault the hotel at all ok we had one of the smallest rooms not a  problem the bed was comfy bathroom was huge great shower air conditioning was ice cold  the staff from the maids to the people on  reception could not have been anymore friendly  and helpful and informative check in was really quick and smooth oh and between 5pm and 6 pm they have a wine and cheese reception either in the lobby or on the roof depending on the weather .so would we choose to stay here again hell yeah ....
bubble_50	We stayed here for a week while visiting our daughter, whose tiny Kips Bay apartment doesn't make for sleeping there.  Everyone at the front desk, without exception, at any time of day is smiling a genuine smile and ready to serve guests graciously. They were just really really nice. The place feels fresh, modern, recently renovated. Rooms are not huge, but are nicely appointed. The free breakfast is maybe one point on a ten-point scale better than average. There are no coffee makers in the rooms, but staff will bring coffee pretty darned quickly for free any time you call for it. There's no gym or restaurant. It's basic, but very spiffy basic. We would stay there again without hesitation.  It's a five minute or less walk from Madison Square Park and the Triangle Building.
bubble_50	An unusual hotel for NYC in that the room was actually spacious (I may have gotten an upgrade). The only unperfect part were the poly-cotton sheets. This level of hotel should have 100% cotton sheets, at the very least available upon request. Other than this, the bed was comfortable, the room was spacious, the receptionist was helpful. All good. I didn't try the breakfast, I think it was served on the rooftop.
bubble_50	Found this hotel as looking for hotels in NY that included breakfast Stayed with my wife as a celebration of our 25th wedding anniversary Had stayed in NYC before so wanted to stay away from times square area but within tube station distance to make it easier to get around, this hotel fitted all bills Hotel was spot on The hotel staff were very welcoming and helpful, they couldnt do enough for us I messaged ahead to tell them it was our silver wedding and to see if we could get a room upgrade (:)) and it worked as we got a cosy queen and a complimentary bottle of wine ... thank you The room was clean, the bath/shower were good and the bed was comfy but the room was a bit tight in the middle The air con was good, although as it was so close to the bed it got cold during the
bubble_40	Stayed for four nights. Good location, clean room and comfy bed. The shower curtain i the bathroom smelled. We had a problem with the flushing on the toilet, we reported it and it was fixed when we came back. The "breakfast" was pretty bad if you're not a sweet tooth.
bubble_50	Direct in the middle of Manhattan. The rooms are very small, but if you need just to sleep in the hotel, the room will be enough. Bed not big enough for pair with child.The offered breakfast is very simple, repeating each day and served on paper dishes, including drinks. In case of good weather, nice view from the hotel roof, where the breakfast is served. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms clean and modern. Price very good for the hotel located at this place.
bubble_50	My wife, son and I checked into the Lex on Saturday afternoon around 12:30pm and expected a simple checkin - we had booked the room on a third party website who promised us a room with 2 Queen Beds -- something that was impossible for the Lex to fulfill.   While the 3rd party website promised us 2 Queen Beds, they told the hotel to give us a room with 1 bed (which most of their rooms are).    Once this was recognized, the two gentlemen working at the front desk did EVERYTHING in their power to assist -- including spending nearly an hour on the phone with the 3rd party website trying to resolve the issue.  Ultimately, the 3rd party website let us down, but the Lex and their staff did what they could do save the day, including upgrading our room and making accomodations so that my
bubble_40	This nice hotel has everything: location, comfortable rooms, an ultra helpful staff (we had one problem with the blinds and we had a workaround in just a few hours). It was a nice surprise since weve changed from Holiday Inn Express to The Lex to have a different experience. The only that that needs improvements urgently is the breakfast: we know its complimentary but there was not enough food, the choices could include roasts or bagels, for example. Except that wed refer this hotel to our friends when in NYC. PS: the rooftop at night is beautiful
bubble_50	I left a surprise for my sister and brother whilst they were staying at the hotel and the hotel staff bent over backwards to print out messages and put in the room! Thanks again reception!!! I'm grateful.
bubble_50	The staff at the Lex are second to none. Very friendly and extremely helpful. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the room was perfect. Also loved the rooftop terrace. Would recommend to anyone visiting New York.
bubble_50	We had a lovely comfortable room, the bed was comfy, the service was very good and the staff were very polite and obliging. The room was very clean and fresh, the bathroom was well laid out and very clean. Nice hot water on demand and the power shower was very exhilarating. It has a nice roof garden with comfortable seating. We will certainly stay there again if we get back to New York.
bubble_50	We stayed here to be close to the Gramercy Theater for a concert.  The hotel staff is the friendliest in this city!  Everyone was polite, kind, helpful, and friendly.  When we checked in and out, we met Romeo who has to be the nicest man on the planet.  So welcoming!! The hotel is very clean. The rooms are spotless, the beds are comfortable, and the bathrooms are a nice size.  The continental breakfast has a delicious assortment of delicious pastries, fruit, and coffee.  Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants the best bang for their buck in NYC.   An FYI to those who complain about room sizes in the city: Cozy queen rooms at the LEX are just that......a very small room with a bed.  But what more do you need in the city that never sleeps?
bubble_50	We stayed my girlfriend and I at Lex NY on 1st April for 10 days and we absolutely loved our stay. We found the bed to be very large and comfortable, while the bathroom was very nice as well. Moreover, the housekeeping team took a great care of us by cleaning our room daily.Finally, we would like to thank all of the staff at the front desk for being so polite but especially Romeo since he was the one who helped us the most with his tips and his positive attitude.  We absolutely recommend this hotel for whoever want to experience New York and for sure we would come back in case we visit the city again.   We hope that you will get only positive reviews since we believe that you highly deserve it.
bubble_40	An easy 5 minute walk from the metro and a short 10 minute car ride from Penn station. Rooms are roomy for being so central, bathroom is clean and very comfortable. It was a lovely surprise to be able to have free water and coffee at any time AND to have a complimentary pastry, fruit and coffee breakfast on the roof in the morning.  Staff were friendly and happy to give recommendations. They looked after our bags before check in and after check out, even putting them in our room before we came back to check in.  My only slight issue is the thinness of the walls between rooms but this is common in many city hotels around the world!
bubble_50	The hotel staff was friendly, very helpful and check in was smooth as was check out. The hotel is quite centrally located with access to the subways and restaurants. It is also possible to walk all over Manhattan from here.
bubble_50	I had received a personalized message from the staff before arriving, when they assured me that the crib we had requested for our daughter would be in the room when we arrived. Check-in was smooth, and we were assigned a room on the main floor (which was surprisingly quiet both day and night). Our room was spotless and comfortable, very large for a NYC hotel, and the beds were lovely to sleep in. They even included a soft blanket for our daughter in her crib, which she loved! The staff were incredibly friendly and accommodating. When I asked if there was a place I could refrigerate a milk container for our daughter, they fixed and then brought a mini-fridge to her room (waiting until her nap was over before knocking). I loved this hotel, and as an added bonus, the proximity to
bubble_50	Nice hotel with very friendly/helpful staff. They let us check our bags in early as we arrived way before our room was ready. They had our bags in our room waiting for us when we came back to check in. They even printed us out subway directions to help us find our way around.  The room was nice, but small. No fridge unfortunately. Short walk to subways and the Empire State Building. Good restaurants walking distance too. I'd go back, and recommend to others.
bubble_50	The rooms were a little small, but other than that, the hotel was perfect.  It has a European feel with a modern twist.  Everything was very clean and the hotel staff could not have been more friendly.  The best part - the rooftop terrace.  It was so pleasant enjoying the delicious continental breakfast on the roof in the morning.  Seeing the city at night from the roof was breathtaking.  Another surprise was how quiet the rooms were.
bubble_50	What a gem!  My daughter and I stayed one night in a queen superior room and it was great, #707!  Very clean and bed was very comfortable! Plenty big enough, had a balcony with not much of a view, but if you looked to the left the Empire State Building was right there!  They have a cute roof top deck where they also served a lovely continental breakfast!  The people that worked there were SUPER nice and friendly!  They even had a wine and cheese happy hour in The lobby!  I would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel! Not fancy, but clean and safe!
bubble_50	Lex Hotel had great rooms and very reasonably priced. Easy access to subway and public busses. Lots of restaurants nearby. I wanted Indian cuisine and there was so many. The staff were very friendly. We got the smallest room (cozy queen) and it was sufficient for two people. The doors were very heavy, we couldn't hear our neighbors. Breakfast was served at rooftop, had pastries, coffee and orange juice. Rooftop view was nice. The check in time was 3PM and checkout was 12PM. There are two sliding windows for fresh air and natural light. I think the following can be improved.  1. Addition of exhaust fan in bathroom, we did not have any fan switch and the mirror was completely misty after a shower ( we opened windows for fresh air, but it would be hard during winter months) 2.
bubble_40	We booked the LEX because the junior suite room option was just what we needed for 2 adults and 2 children, plus, the cost per night was very reasonable. From th moment we checked in, it was a fantastic experience. The staff was professional, attentive and courteous to all of our needs. Any questions we had, the staff was eager to answer. The hotel is centrally located, with easy access to Park ave, Madison square park, Eataly, etc.  A 25 minute walk gets your right to the highline, with wonderful water views and food/art vendors. There are also many food options minutes away from the hotel, as well as a bodega next door that serves up some of the best, piping hot, NYC coffee. As a born and raised New Yorker, I had high hopes and this hotel really was a pleasant surprise. We
bubble_40	In the Flatiron/Gramercy/Union Sq area, and easy to get to midtown & lower Manhattan neighborhoods. So, a great location.  Nice boutique - rooms are small, but the bed is very comfortable & the bathroom surprisingly roomy! Cool rooftop views.  Service here is wonderful. A truly can do & accommodating staff, happy to help and very sweet.  A good choice for this end of the city, and if you dont need a lot of room or hotel to move around in ( plus I think its a good value $$ wise), its well worth it !
bubble_40	Location great close to so much in NYC. Rooms good (need a little fridge in rooms). If long term stay ensure request  sizeable room for stay . Staff do all they can to meet requests and and advice on where , when to go how to get there and even make all the calls/enquires to assist in the adventures . My praises to Angelika who is like the energiser bunny ! Goes , Goes and Goes. She just did all she could and had laugh with you and wanted to know impressions in activities . She made it like staying with family !
bubble_50	Got a very comfortable room, of good size, for a decent price, considering the great location. Lots of great restaurants nearby, including a very cool German schnitzel restaurant with great decor, and some very charming old Irish pubs.
bubble_40	Good location. Good value. This is a small hotel with pretty small rooms. Clean and updated. We were leaving on a cruise so it prepared us for about the same. The manager and staff was friendly and very helpful, offering up ideas for restaurants and shopping. We liked the location and convenience.
bubble_40	We chose this hotel to be close to our son who lives a couple of blocks away. Very happy with our choice!  The staff was polite, helpful, and accommodating. The rooms were neat and clean though a little on the small side. The light breakfast was a nice "extra."
bubble_50	Stayed here for 5 nights with my family. What a warm welcome we received. Odalis and all of the staff were polite, friendly, professional and could not do enough to help you. A massive thank you to all of you. Hotel is modern, exceptionally clean and comfortable. Breakfast of cakes,pastries,fresh fruit and the best coffee ever sets you up for the day.The Lex made my 60th Birthday trip really special. Location is perfect to reach all of the main attractions. Would highly recommend this attractive well priced hotel and hope to return one day.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 4 nights and couldnt fault it at all.   The hotel is modern, clean, well priced and in an ideal location to reach all of the main tourist attractions. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially Romeo who explained everything to us and went out of his way to ensure we enjoyed our stay.  When we come back to NYC we would definitely stay at the Lex Hotel again!
bubble_50	I stayed for 4 nights on a business trip. The location is perfect and accessible, the room design is simple, modern, but is just the right size to make you feel lux and spacious. Everything is really high quality. Sweet simple breakfast pastries and coffee served on the rooftop with an incredible view of sky scrapers. Most of all - the staff is super professional and hospitable. Made me feel welcome, they all knew who I was and were always trying to be helpful and curteous. I recommend this hotel highly.
bubble_50	My wife booked the Lex in NYC for six nights as part of our USA trip.  It was brilliant.  Exceptional service, attentive housekeeping, very clean, modern rooms and large for New York.  The location is also great as you are midtown, equal distance to Central Park and down town hubs like Soho and Chelsea.  Would highly recommend to anyone travelling through NYC.
bubble_50	Visiting NYC for a family wedding and found this lovely hotel. It is a bare bones place but extremely clean. And offers a lovely continental breakfast. It is on the roof top. So nice. It is in Grammery Park area. Very safe location. Many restaurants in area.  Price is reasonable for NY. Staff is very accommodating.  We are very happy with our choice.
bubble_50	We stayed at this fine little boutique hotel April 14-15, 2018. Maria, Jonathan, Romeo and Lenny all provided excellent and cheery service and helped our stay there to be most pleasant. The room and bathroom were very clean, though the room was quite small, and the "closet" was just the right size and creatively set up. Anything we needed, we just asked, and it was provided promptly and with a smile. Internet was free. A pleasure to stay there!
bubble_50	Stood in this hotel with friends for 3 days and had a pleasant stay. My room was on the second floor and had a balcony but I was not able to use it because it did not open and the view was a water tank. The staff, cleanliness, and bed compensated for the water tank view and useless balcony. Every morning and evening I was greeted as I entered and left the building by the front desk agents. One in particular stood out for me, her name is Maria and is the only female front desk agent. She was very attentive, helpful, and was always happy to help. George the coffee guy always came and delivered anything I ordered in a timely matter. They work very long hours.   The pros: Breakfast Maria  George Cleanliness Cable television  2 bottles of water Liquid room service 24 hrs a day
bubble_50	During my stay I got highest level of hospitality. Fresh food, clean laundry, cordial behaviour, private infinity pool, great privacy, cleaning services round the clock, ATM, variety food with Asian , western, local flavour. It was one my memorable trips, thanks TripAdvisor team.  With thanks, AYM Nurul Huda
bubble_40	Thought this hotel was a nice hidden gem in Manhattan! Its a small boutique hotel but it was great! The rooms and bathroom was clean! Unfortunately due to the weather the rooftop was closed so couldnt check that out! Derrick the front desk guy who works at night was friendly...also having free breakfast is a plus!!! I wouldnt mind staying here again next time Im in the big Apple
bubble_50	We chose this hotel based on trip advisor reviews, we was visiting the city for a weekend getaway. We felt very lucky our entire weekend there. We paid a little more for a room on the top floor, near the back (Superior Room) . We heard absolutely no noise, the room was a pleasant size and very clean. All the staff were consistently pleasant and very helpful. It was an easy walk to a very central subway station (6 Line), plus walkable in general. We felt safe in the area. There were multiple restaurants close by, the hotel also gives a list, with many great options.
bubble_50	In 2014, I stayed at this hotel. Always planned to post a review and finally done it. (Only recently joined TripAdvisor to complain about a terrible restaurant experience I had) Now that I have joined TripAdvisor, I thought "are there any places I have experienced that were great?" The first place I thought of was The Lex NYC. When I stayed here, in 2014, the hotel was very new. It was amazing. The staff were so nice and helpful. Glad to see that the place is still getting great reviews.  Would highly recommend a fabulous Thai restaurant nearby - Jaiya on E. 28th Street. You can also take your own bottle of wine.
bubble_50	I stood here on a business trip and had a wonderful stay. Hotel is very clean, staff are amazing, and despite that the rooms are not so big they have 24 hour complimentary hot and cold drinks when requested. Check In process is smooth and quick which is an A plus!! Big shout out and thanks to Maria, she was the front desk agent that checked me in and checked me out. During my stay she was always there with a smile welcoming me back every time I walked in the door, very attentive. Her restaurant recommendations outside of the sheet they give u upon check in is awesome, I tried uncle jacks after a meeting with a friend and she was definitely right about the place and steak!! I hope you enjoy your upcoming vacation, I will definitely be staying at this hotel during my business
bubble_40	Book by another for us so we nothing about the hotel or area. Our criteria was walkable to everywhere, safe and comfortable. The hotel matches that criteria in spades. Staff will sort drinks, taxis, food all you need is to ask.  Staff friendly and helpful. Room as you expect with all the amenities. Veiw from rooftop is NYC Cryhler building, Empire State etc. Balcony although onto a wall was good and sun got onto it during day, plus on a warm day open it and sit would be relaxing.   Walk around corner to 3rd the dog and bone pub (worth a visit) 4 streets uptown Empire State , 5th Avenue, Ghostbusters library, Time Square, Broadway Central Park up Madison Ave Grand Central Station. Walk downtown Battery Park , ground zero, wall st etc. Ground transportation good, underground good.
bubble_40	Date of stay:  3/2018  We were here in NYC for spring break.  My daughter is a Seido karate student and we wanted her to experience classes at the first headquarters for Seido.  Lex Hotel is located on Lexingon Avenue, btwn 25th and 26th St., in the Flatiron district, a very close walk to the dojo.  Other nearby landmarks are Madison Square Park and of course the Flatiron Building.  Many restaurants nearby and very close to stops for F, M, R, W, 4, 5, and 6.  Perhaps more.  So for the most part, the location was great.  Check in:  we arrived early and they did not have our room ready, but stored our bags.  Very friendly and they began working on getting our rooms ready immediately even though it was noon.  When we got back from lunch our rooms were ready 2 hours early.  Smooth
bubble_30	My quest for the best moderately priced hotel in Manhattan led to trying the Lex NYC hotel.  I really liked everything about this place with one big exception.  What I liked:  fantastic staff, excellent location, really nicely designed,  comfortable (though as they say, "cozy") room, good bed, wonderful complimentary continental breakfast with delicious fresh-baked mini-pastries including scones, muffins, etc. and excellent coffee.  All of this for a very reasonable price.  BUT we had a problem with the heating system. It appeared to be quite new and had a temperature control in the room, but it was impossible to get a consistently comfortable temp. instead, it would alternate between blasting warm air till the room was really hot, and then blasting cool air till it was too
bubble_40	Location was my main criteria of choice as I love the area. The hotel is nice, all you can expect: clean, well organized, friendly staff, cute breakfast... but a bit faceless. I would rate it with 5 stars if it had more individual style.
bubble_30	I stayed here with my boyfriend following a last minute booking after our flight was cancelled.   The reception staff are brilliant and I cannot fault them. They're very friendly and incredibly welcoming. A real asset to the hotel.   The room itself was average. We had a balcony but it was facing the back of the hotel with a view of water towers. It was also level with a window of a college building behind the hotel.  The heater was incredibly loud! You couldn't sleep or watch TV with it on, which was a real negative.   The free breakfast is a bonus but isn't anything to write home about. It consists of pastries and muffins with some juice and fruit. However in New York City, it's always great to be able to get breakfast free.   Overall, the room was a good find for a last
bubble_50	This is a tiny hotel tucked away on Lexington between 25th and 26th. But the place is spotless, the rooms are comfortable, the free breakfast is more than adequate, and the service is phenomenal. All of the staff we dealt with were professional and approachable. And friendly, particularly Crystal at the front desk who was there when we arrived and there when we left. She was a ray of sunshine and is a credit to the hotel.
bubble_50	Stayed for 4 nights and couldn't have been happier. The room was immaculate, the hotel offered a convenient free continental breakfast, and staff was very helpful. This hotel is centrally located to all the major attractions and is a great value for the money. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	stayed at the lex last night as i had a conference nearby this morning.  neat, clean, comfortable albeit small room, view of an airshaft but i didn't really come for the view.  staff was polite and helpful at check in, and the place was a genuine bargain for a nyc hotel.  i'd stay there again without hesitation if i had a reason to stay in that part of the city.  free internet [which worked fine] and continental breakfast [i did not check it out].
bubble_50	Great location next to anything and everything you could possibly need.  The room was a perfect size. More than enough room for 2 people. There was a good-sized closet to hang a few items and store some smaller items. However, please note that there were no draws to put clothes in.  The bathroom was big and spacious. The shower was nice and hot. Maybe even too hot! I had to turn it down to cold several times. The toilet had an almost turbo flush. I've never seen anything like it in my life.  The room includes a safe, bottled water, normal toiletries, an iron, and ironing board.  Coffee and tea are not included in the room, but if you call the front desk they will delivery your coffee, tea and water 24 hours a day.
bubble_50	We stayed for a week and had a great time. The staff are wonderful and do everything to make you welcome. John and Krystal were really friendly and helpful. The room was really clean and had  everything we needed....free toiletries, clean towels, hairdryer, air con etc.... The location is brilliant and we walked everywhere! The breakfast is ok and sets you up for the day. You can get free coffee, tea and hot chocolate whenever you like..24 hrs. Theres a lovely roof terrace to chill out on. We had a great time here and hope to return in the future.
bubble_50	Just had 3 day weekend at the Lex- great location, quiet, clean room with comfortable bed.  Luggage stored after checkout -when we returned for it, staff offered us a cup of tea while we were waited to leave for the airport.  All questions about navigating NYC answered cheerfully by front desk. Will stay there again.
bubble_50	What a wonderful hotel. After a long flight we received a warm welcome from lovely staff who could not do enough for you. We were offered free refreshments any time & all staff were so helpful with any enquirys. Close to everything. We will definitely be back Room was clean and warm, toiletries provided & free breakfast was enough to get you started. Thanks to all from Sheila and Fran
bubble_50	This was perfect for 3 nights in Manhattan,  The room was fine, the location was great, near Madison Square Park and the subway.  Go to Eataly, the Italian store/restaurant experience, nearby.  My only suggestion is that it would be nice to have butter or jelly to go with the croissants at breakfast.  We will be back here.
bubble_50	I chose the Lex because of its location near two subway lines and it exceeded all of our expectations. I booked two Standard Queen rooms for just over a week for my husband and I and one for my brother, and then again for the end of North American trip. The staff were incredibly helpful and welcoming from the moment we stepped in the foyer, and the rooms were so clean and comfortable. The staff recognised us and welcomed us back at the end of each day and when we returned for the second stay they had a lovely note and some chocolates to welcome us back. The Lex is fantastic.
bubble_40	We have certainly stayed at a couple of dozen different hotels in Manhatten. But none of those places had such charming and friendly personnel employed. First impressions really matter and we were pleased before we got to our lovely Jr. Suite. As we all know NYC hotel rooms are compact but the room was designed for flow and had adequate closet and storage space.  The tv on the swivel pole was a nice touch so you could watch tv from the bed or sofa. Loved the shower (not sure about the karaoke shower stick).  I would happily score this hotel 100 out of 100 but from 1 devastating missing device. NO IN ROOM COFFE MAKER. I don't want to get dressed and go down to the lobby or worse down the street to the coffee kiosk when it's 20 degrees. Please correct this. A coffee pot is an
bubble_50	We came to NYC for one night in January 2018 to see a concert. I booked The Lex NYC on Expedia for a great price and chose it mostly based on that and its proximity to where the concert was. Now, however, I would go out of my way to return and stay. It was comfortable and clean, with the most lovely staff. It felt like we had made new friends just being there for 24 hours! Also, the rooftop deck is absolutely awesome, such a great view and peaceful little spot in the city. (It was warm for January, so we got to enjoy it even in the winter!). Highly recommend this lovely little hotel.
bubble_50	Stayed at The Lex NYC this past weekend and could not have been happier.  The rooms were clean, comfortable, and had everything we could have possibly needed.  The staff was friendly, knowledgable, and continually assisted us throughout the entire stay.  It also was in a great location.  Would definitely recommend staying here and I will definitely be back.  Thanks again!
bubble_50	Sure, the rooms are small but thats what you look for in cozy. The staff exceeded expectations; from the personal welcome note and bottle of wine upon arrival to the storage of our luggage long after weve checked out! Great central location.
bubble_50	This is a boutique hotel with friendly staff, reasonable prices and decent sized rooms. The free Continental breakfast gets you off to a good start.  The location is not quite central - it's a good 20 minute hike up Lexington Ave to Grand Central, and 30-40 minutes to Time Sq. But there are subway stations within 5 minutes walk, and local buses pass by. Plenty of places to eat locally too.  If, like us, you tend to leave the hotel in the morning and return to go to bed, then The Lex is ideal.
bubble_50	Recently we had an extended stay at The Lex NYC. We found it to be a great place to stay. As we were staying for nearly 2 weeks, we chose the largest of their rooms. We had a small balcony - the photos on their website are an accurate depiction of this room. We arrived at hotel early in the morning and was pleased to be able to be checked in straight away. We were initially allocated room 507 which is at the back of the hotel. However we experienced some issues with the lighting which we reported to front desk and they moved us to another room (707). This room had a slightly better view from the balcony of the city skyline.  Continental breakfast was good - coffee, tea, juices and pastries.  The staff are excellent, always welcoming you arriving and leaving the premises and
bubble_40	The staff were attentive and friendly. The room was just right. And the location was superb! Even the lovely Continental Breakfast hit the spot before our long day in the City! There was no extra 'fluff', but just what we needed. Thanks
bubble_50	I took a chance on this hotel from an internet search because it was located close to my business meeting address. The staff was very friendly and the room was clean with contemporary amenities. Even the complimentary continental breakfast was enjoyable.
bubble_50	I had a wonderful stay at The Lex with my boyfriend! I arrived very late on Thursday eve 12/7. Actually, it was after midnight. I was greeted by some very friendly, helpful people at the reception desk. They assisted me up to our room. My boyfriend had already been there a couple nights. When I got to the room, I immediately called down to the front desk to request a couple more pillows. They were delivered in just a few minutes. The room was clean and the bed was quite comfy! The next evening, I requested some glasses for Prosecco. They were delivered promptly. On Saturday we went for a walk in Central Park during the snowstorm. It was a wet snow. My coat got soaked. I called The Lex and inquired whether or not they may be able to put it in a dryer for me or if I should find a
bubble_40	I stayed at the Lex for my birthday on Nov 17, 2017. I did love it. The staff are ready to jump to help you with just about anything- you do not have to ask!! They are friendly and polite as well.  The hotel is cute. I had one of those Cozy Queens and yup it was cozy as in small But nice and with a street view which I wanted. I asked for room darkening shades when I placed my reservation, the same person who took my reservation was at the desk when I checked in and he said he went to the room to check to make sure they were!! That's awesome!! I mentioned it was my birthday. When I got here they wished my Happy bday and when I got  to the room there was a HB notes and a candy bar. Just the kind of  thoughtfulness that will make you want to go back.  I thought the breakfast was
bubble_50	I want to stress this is my first time ever reviewing anything, that's how good The LEX NYC is, and seeing its my 3rd time straight there (i.e. last 3 visits in NYC), it seemed like high time. I stayed there between the 18-25 of November, and as usual it was perfection. The hotel itself is extremely modern and comfortable, from the well maintained and designed perfectly cleaned rooms, the luxurious bedding, to its fabulous location, it provides everything you need. But the real highlight of this hotel (as if all that was not enough), is its staff. They are the best team I have encountered at any hotel (including 5 star) across the globe, they literally cannot do enough to make your stay as fabulous as possible. Since I accidentally stumbled across this hotel when it just opened,
bubble_50	Small family reunion Dec 1 to 4 in NYC. Parents from Boston and I met up here to go visit my step sister and her husband in Brooklyn before they de-emigrate. This hotel is small and intimate but fully functional and centrally located for subway/train. It smells good without smelling fake or being annoying. The staff speak to you always and hold the door, give directions or tips, etc. The rooms are recently (4 years) rehabbed and well-appointed with comfy beds and pillows. Very quiet if you are on the courtyard side, though nothing to look at. No fitness no bar or restaurant, but hey - you're in NYC gonna walk your socks off for fitness and hang out with friends so who needs a bar? Only detractions to me: no coffee/tea in room, no ice machine on the floor. So what? They will
bubble_50	Arrived to A Cold New York and The Lex from Miami, but our greeting from the two young ladies on reception was as warm as the Florida Sunshine.  Check in was swift and we were in our Cozy room in no time.  First impressions of the room were that is was bigger than what I was expecting and we had amble room to relax. The bed was very comfortable with white fine linens.  The marble bathroom was well appointed with very nice toiletries and lovely soft towels.  The nice little touch in the bathroom was the soft night light which provided that guiding light in the night should a trip to the bathroom be required.  Bottled water was provided daily, which was a nice touch considering some larger chains provide one per stay.  The room had plenty of power/charging points and the WiFi
bubble_50	Excellent service, nothing is too much for them, willing to help and courteous. The room was very comfortable and clean. The hotel is close to the subway, close to great restaurants and central to both Uptown and Downtown. It may not be in the thick of it all however, consider the Lex, I am sure you wont be disappointed.
bubble_50	Me and a friend stayed here for 5 nights last week and it is a lovely hotel. The room and hotel was always clean, fresh towels and sheets every day and complimentary bottles of water each day too. The bed is very comfortable and you have heating and air con in the room. You dont hear any noise at night so we were having a great nights sleep. Bathroom is modern and always clean with complimentary shower gels and shampoos etc. You get a coded safe in the room which is free of charge and no deposit needed. Nice big flat screen TV which we appreciated when we had a long day so we ordered take out and there are plenty of channels so always films on. The hotel is in a great location right in the middle of uptown and down town. There are so many restaurants and places to eat around
bubble_50	We were mother & son and stayed in The Lex NYC for 4 nights. We upgraded to the larger suites and we were beyond impressed! From the pictures of the rooms, it looked small, thought that was not the case! The room was huge. Much larger than expected. Although our room was on this the first floor, it was so quite. The staff were super friendly and professional - Whenever you walked by the main desk they wished you a good day/night and they always had a simile on their face! The complimentary breakfast included croissants, muffins, juice etc, but we did not have it. The hotel was super clean.   The only problem about this hotel is the subway stations near The subway station near (28 st station) only catered the 6 train, which meant it was harder to get places as most places you had
bubble_50	We loved this hotel in Manhattan. We received a complimentary room upgrade upon arrival. The staff (Jonathan) was very welcoming and helpful our entire stay. We requested a refrigerator and a higher floor. We were given the top floor and the room had a refrigerator in it. Each day the room was cleaned and complimentary water bottles were left in our room. Free pastries, fruit, coffee and tea each morning also. The room was surprisingly quiet for Manhattan. We would definitely stay here again; it was a great value!
bubble_50	My fianc and I stayed at the Lex for one night to see a show at the Gramercy Theater. We loved it. The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. The folks at the front desk were super friendly. We will definitely be back.
bubble_50	Great location in Gramercy park area.  The staff is wonderful and accommodating.  I arrived early and they stored my luggage, offered coffee and expedited my room. Convenient to NYU upperclass dorm. Terrific!
bubble_50	This pas Veterans Day I was in NYC.  I choose The Lex because of the proximity to where I needed to be for the VD event. As I pulled up to The Lex, I was a bit concerned - lobby seemed really tiny and generally not very inviting. Don't always judge a book...  We were checked in effortlessly, shown our room and off we went. The room was large, the beds fabulous (my son commented on how great the linens smelled - high praise indeed!) and the room spacious. Spacious meaning that the ceiling are high, the bathroom ample and plenty on closest space - everything we needed for one night.   Why did I mention Millennials in the title? Because The Lex is being run by the nicest group of Millennials I have ever met.  So much for Millennials not making eye contact, staring at their phones,
bubble_50	Me and my sister were stranded in New York and thanks to the awesome manager Odalis, we were able to sleep somewhere comfortable and convenient.  We were instantly greeted by such nice workers who gave us a directory of whats nearby to eat. We got there early but the staff still made sure to keep us comfortable. The room itself very clean and had everything that we needed. I highly recommend staying here, especially for the area. Cant wait to come back!
bubble_30	Its is one of these places that you can tell, as you walk into the lobby that they cut corners on everything, as the air inside smells of cheap toilet sprays. Rooms are tiny, but thats is not something of novelty in Manhattan. The noise is what distinguishes cheap hotel rooms from their more dear peers...and may I remind you that NYC never sleeps.. The breakfast ...is included in the price, but dont be stingy, go out get some decent coffee and muffins (all there is on offer). Rooms are a bit worn out ... Linen too...  Dont get me wrong, I dont mind staying in cheap hotels, but then dont mislead customers, you are light years away from being called a boutique hotel.
bubble_50	I stayed here when celebrating my 25th birthday with friends in NYC last month. From beginning to end this hotel was nothing but great to us. Gerod was the gentleman at the front desk who upgraded our rooms once he realized we were celebrating my birthday. He treated us like gold throughout the entire stay, making sure we had everything we needed. It was overall a great hotel to stay at. I highly recommend it!
bubble_50	The staff here is second to none in attentiveness. Great check-in and follow up during our one-night stay.  The room, while quite basic, was exceptionally clean. We had a connecting room and the sound-proofing wasn't very good, but it was not a problem for our stay at all (quiet guests next door). There is a parking garage one block away; none at the hotel. If the weather is nice, continental breakfast is served on a rooftop area. We weren't so lucky, but it's a nice option. Overall a very pleasant stay.
bubble_50	Chic boutique hotel, right next to Baruch College. Deli's and Subway close by. The staff is delightful and very helpful. Romeo, Jonathan, Gan accommodated all of my needs, had great recommendations. I would definitely come back!
bubble_40	The Lex was located in a great location, close to everything. The service was amazing! The front desk person, Romeo checked us in and out during our stay. He was so friendly and let us checkin early. The room was very spacious. It was very basic but very comfortable for my husband and myself. I would definitely recommend this hotel!
bubble_50	A friend recommended The Lex as being in a good location on Lexington, relatively cheap given that we're still talking New York, and quiet.  Right on all three.  The subway is a short walk away, the rates are reasonable, and the place is a small oasis.  It's a cozy place that nevertheless offers decent amenities, including a continental breakfast and complimentary bottled water and coffee delivered to your room.  Very clean with a comfortable bed and even lights that one can read by.  The staff are very attentive and helpful.  Would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	The hotel is conveniently located on Lexington Ave, but make sure you give the street number to your taxi driver or they may take you to THE Lexington Hotel! Anyway, that's not the hotel's fault, but it's worth noting.  We had a really pleasant stay here. The service was excellent, the room was clean and had all the facilities you could want. Apart from a kettle. However, complimentary tea and coffee are available 24/7 by phoning reception and they don't mind how many times or what time you call.   Breakfast is a selection of cakes, pastries, coffee, tea and juice. When the weather is good, it is served on the roof terrace, which has great views of the skyscrapers around.   All the staff we dealt with were genuinely friendly and helpful. The hotel is extremely good value and I
bubble_50	Planning a celebration trip to New York we booked the Lex back in January at a great rate. We could not be more pleased! Spotlessly clean and well presented, with a gem of a roof terrace to relax in at the end of a busy N.Y. day. And all the staff so keen to be of assistance and genuinely friendly. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	I had to book a last minute work trip and caught a deal on Expedia for Lex Hotel. It was super convenient to where I needed to be for work, and the staff was PHENOMENAL. My favorite thing was the genuine care and conversation they engaged in every time I walked through the lobby. Honestly, I could have spent so much more time just cutting it up with them. Everything about the hotel was smooth and spotless. The rooftop was a delight - I took my dinner up there one night (thanks, unseasonably warm 70 degree October evening) and fully enjoyed the city lights and the night air, and had the whole patio all to myself! I most certainly will be back on future trips to NYC, and look forward to another great experience at Lex Hotel!
bubble_50	I recently stayed at The Lex Hotel with my two teen children.  It is within walking distance of the Irving Plaza where we attended a music concert.  The room was roomy, clean, and well-quipped.  It was very quiet too!   Continental breakfast was included.  Gerod, at the front desk, was most professional, helpful and kind.  Nothing was a problem for him. He really made our stay!   We requested a bucket of ice at midnight and a pleasant staff member arrived at our door within minutes.  The Lex is a real gem!  I would stay here again and again.
bubble_50	A surprisingly pleasing bargin for a hotel in NYC.  The staff is extremely courteous, the rooms and common areas are clean and all has a feel of being new.  The rooms are small but the bathrooms are good-sized.  The morning breakfast of fruit, rolls, juice and coffee was just right.  And to "top" it all off, breakfast is served on the comfortable roof, weather permitting.  The location is perfect being just a few blocks from subway stops.
bubble_50	This was my first stay at the Lex NYC and what an amazing stay it was. I am a NYC local; my family and I were there for a little staycation and we were extremely happy with our decision. The hotel is clean and the staff is so friendly. I will definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	As a local I am very particular about the hotels I stay in. It was my first time in this hotel, I can already say I loved it and will come back. Besides it being in a prime location, the staff was very attentive and the rooms were clean! Very comfortable stay. I would recommend this to anyone who is visiting or in NYC.
bubble_30	It was my first time back in Manhattan in about 10 years. The Lex pros: good service, friendly staff (nice touch to follow up about 10 mins after check in), good hotel location, bathroom size was nice, nice rooftop lounge/view but didn't really get to use it. The Lex cons: "breakfast" was stale and milk for coffee was lumpy, room wasn't spotless on arrival, not a fan of the window coverings (need total darkness - the vertical blinds weren't enough), and overall I felt the price was a little high for what I got, even for Manhattan. It was fine but I think I will try another hotel on my next visit.
bubble_30	We stayed here for 3 days and 2 nights. Gam who checked us in was so accommodating and even gave us a courtesy call if how's the room. Well for me the room was clean but kinda small. We paid quite kinda double of the usual price I think as they said there was an event those dates. The bed was too soft for us, we needed to ask for more pillows as well as it was too soft too. Housekeeper was so prompt to give it us to us with a smile. Unfortunately I forgot to ask for his name. Breakfast was included, continental one so it was kinda limited choices. But was fine as it was located in the roof deck. Lastly Romeo gave us a 5 star check out process. I would say that the staffs and cleanliness are their best assets. Location for me was so so as it is far from the airport.
bubble_50	I almost hate to write about this little boutique hotel because I want to be able to get a room in the future. From check in to check out, my daughter and I loved this hotel. We went to celebrate her college graduation.  When we got to our room, we had been upgraded. There was a note congratulating her, along with a pack of chocolate cookies and a bottle of wine. Our room was spotless. The continental breakfast on the rooftop was a great beginning to our day (did I mention it's free?). What a view! Tea, coffee, ice, and hot chocolate are available 24/7. It's a very short walk to either the subway or bus. The staff gave us a list of recommended restaurants within walking distance. Some travelers complained that the balcony faced a wall. Well, we really didn't spend that much time
bubble_50	This smaller boutique hotel is a little gem.  Fabulous location within 20 min walk to time square or soho.  Great restaurants, bars and pubs all close by.  Great value too in NY!  Hotel and the rooms are clean and well taken care of.  The rooms are not large, but standard size for NY. Very comfortable beds, nice toiletries, complimentary bottled water, very nice linens and towels, individually climate controlled. A very nice and comfortable room overall. Bath tub and shower with nightlight in bathroom. Nice size desk and free wifi.  Extra bonus is the continental breakfast and if weather permits it is served on the comfortable roof top patio, which is a treat on its own.  The very best thing however is the staff. Amazing service - friendly, knowledgeable, helpful! Really cannot
bubble_40	A neat and tidy hotel in a great position. The rooms are small but they are very clean and well maintained. Romeo on the front desk is very helpful and always ready to assist in anyway he can. The best thing about the Lex is that it is within walking distance of many attractions and there are plenty of good restaurants and bars nearby.
bubble_40	Very friendly staff0 and many nice little touches- coffee or tea given to you whenever you want it- and a nice roof garden where you can go get good coffee every morning with fruit and pastries.  The rooms are small though- at least mine was- The bedroom takes up most of the space available and there is not that much room to put luggage away. There is hardly any color in the room-the windows are unadorned except for shades and the bed has a plain white duvet on it.  The bathroom however was rather commodious, and was cheerful with -splashly black and white tiles makes for a feel-good experience.. A very friendly place and a good location- I would have liked a  bit more room though.- but if you are used to European hotels- you won't mind a bit .
bubble_50	I just had the pleasure of staying in this quaint little inn which, thanks to the lovely staff makes you feel so at home and well cared for! Especially the lovely Ms. Angelika Rodriguez who greets from the moment you walk through the door with the loveliest smile! So caring about all your needs! I will not hesitate to visit first chance I get..
bubble_40	Due a situation with our booking in a NYC hotel some Good Samaritan refers to the Lex at late night, we found vey nice and kind people willing to help us that night. Good spot, some block away from nice restaurants. Chris and Derek thanks for every thing! Alejandro
bubble_50	The Hotel Lex NYC was a true gem of a find. In a city where there is so much choice this hotel ticked all the boxes.  On arrival we were greeted by the lovely Michelle who remained lovely and helpful for our whole stay along with all the other staff.  Our room was clean and big enough for the 2 of us. The bathroom was clean and up to date and the shower was lovely.  The breakfast served on the roof top in the morning was very welcome before we headed off for the day.  The staff (every single one we encountered) were polite, friendly and exceptionally helpful. They helped us to navigate the city and looked up information for us when we asked (which was pretty much every day).  The wifi was used by both of us for our entire stay and we never encountered any issues with it.  I
bubble_50	a little out of the 'buzz' of the city but the friendly staff and rooftop terrace make up for that! Although it is well within walking distance to most attractions. Staff are wonderful friendly and could not be more helpful, coffee and tea as soon as you call... AMAZING!!
bubble_50	We absolutely loved our stay at The Lex!  It was our first stop on our honeymoon and having been to NYC before and stayed near Times Square, we wanted to try out a different area and we're so glad we did.    From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by Derrick who couldn't do enough for you.  He made us feel really welcome and had some hot tips for restaurants nearby etc which were so useful! Blue Smoke was a favourite!  All the reception staff were superb and helped us out when we had a leaky iron, they very quickly replaced it and that was that.    The room was spacious and immaculate, we loved the bathroom!!   We would definitely make a return trip to this hotel when we come back to NYC.  Thank you!   Mr and Mrs Lyon
bubble_50	I had a combination business trip one day and vacation the next, going to the US Open with friends. Often I stay with relatives or friends in NYC or the area, but I couldn't for this trip. I couldn't see paying top dollar for a hotel I wouldn't be in that long, yet wanted a place with some style and in a good location for walking around.   This hotel fit nicely, as it was modern, clean, and was in an area of NYC that I hadn't explored before. It was a few blocks from Gramercy Park and from Madison Square Park, while next store to Baruch College. Also had various restaurants close-by, including many Indian. Hotel has nice roof deck for the light breakfast, which was treat in the morning. Front desk staff were friendly and attentive, often asking if needed anything.
bubble_10	Just not up to NYC standards.  You would have laughed when I tried to open the door to the room and ran smack into the bed.  The room was the size of a closet and there was no place to hang my clothes.  It went downhill from there.  There are so many better places to stay.
bubble_50	I come downtown and stay a different boutique hotel at least 3 times a month. After staying at the Lex once, I stopped looking for other cool spots. I've stayed here 4 times in the past month and a half. This is all because of my experience with Derrick and his entire front desk staff. I appreciate how genuinely hospitable they are towards every single guest they have contact with.   Bravo Derrick....
bubble_50	The Lex is located in walking distance of everything you might want to do in Midtown Manhattan.  Clean, modern, and totally pleasurable to stay in!  The staff are very friendly and helpful, and make the stay a great experience.  Derek was especially helpful with local information and logistics.  Their Tuesday eve customer appreciation event was a welcome surprise as well.  I highly recommend this place for a great stay in Manhattan!
bubble_50	Love, love, love this hotel! This weekend  will be my third stay at the Lex in the past few weeks. Of all the choices in NYC the Lex has me coming back for more! The hotel is in an excellent location and a delightful area to walk around at any time of day or night. So many things to see and do within a short walk. Very chic and modern interior with a staff that goes out of their way to help/recommend things.  The queen rooms are simple and cozy with just enough space for two people. For being on such a busy street I'm shocked at how quiet the rooms are. The bathrooms are immaculately clean and quite spacious by NYC standards. The simple breakfast served on the rooftop really sweetens the deal. Free breakfast is hard to find at an NYC hotel! When traveling for business it's
bubble_40	The Lex is in a great location.  Our room, whilst being on the smallish side, still had room to spread suitcases out etc and was very clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was also very clean (although there was a long hair on the floor when we arrived). The price, which seemed very reasonable given the location and time of year of visit, included a light breakfast in the rooftop garden which was a lovely way to start the day - unfortunately some of the other guests were not that considerate and took huge helpings of food (resulting in moments where there was nothing left and a bit of a wait before things were replenished - not a problem if you're not in a hurry).   The staff were very welcoming, friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again and would strongly
bubble_50	This is an outstanding boutique hotel, at a great location. It's close to many great restaurants only a short taxi ride from Penn Station. The rooms are great, yes a little small - but remember this is NYC. They are clean and very comfortable and I did not feel squeezed at all. This was our second stay. The staff are very warm and welcoming, I especially want to mention Romeo, Gam and Christopher - always ready with advise, or to hail a cab. They serve a very good, light, continental breakfast and there is 24-hour coffee and tea room service. It's a great place at a great value. We will return.
bubble_40	We chose this hotel based on it's location because we were attending a concert nearby. We were more than happy with our stay. The rooms are well kept and clean. The front desk staff- Christopher, Gam, and Derek were all extremely helpful. They recommended places to eat and even offered to call to make sure one particular restaurant was still open. We also enjoyed our morning coffee on the rooftop taking in the awesome views. We 100% would and will stay here again on our next trip into the city.
bubble_50	This one was one of the hotels me and my partner stayed at throughout our America tour and it was my favourite by far! The staff go above and beyond for their guest with their friendly welcoming attitudes. The room was clean and had everything that you could ever need when on holiday along with a few complimentary gifts. It is situated in a great location, walking distance away to most attractions and also quiet at night for a good sleep! To top it off the hotel has a roof top area where you can sit, relax and take in the good views. I would definitely recommend and will be visiting this hotel again!
bubble_50	Staying at the Lex Hotel was really pleasant . All the staff are really attentive and friendly. The room is nice and clean! Has a big bathroom, comfy bed and pillows!.It has a great location and restaurants near by. I would definitely come back !
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex for 5 nights at the beginning of July. The staff were very nice from the very beginning and gave us information about the area as well, e.g. subway stations, restaurants, etc. They Even changed our room because the neighbours were so noisy during the first night and we could hardly sleep despite the fact that we had been flying for 15 hours (by the way, they also have earplugs at reception). The room was spacious enough, not that we spent much time there, but was clean and cozy, there was an iron and a board. Since we were there in July, complimentary breakfast was on the roof, which made it even better for us to start the morning. Besides that, there was also complimentary coffee and tea during the day and also water was brought by the cleaning ladies. All
bubble_50	This hotel has invested in the three things that really matter: a comfortable bed, a well-appointed bathroom, and superb cleanliness. It also has the best blackout shade I've ever experienced.   What it doesn't have are things like an easy chair or a big desk (there is a small one). So, if you're planning to spend your time hanging out in the room watching TV or doing loads of work with paperwork spread out around you, this may not be the best choice for you.   On the other hand, if your looking for a comfortable place to regroup and sleep after a day in the city, you found it. And, it's reasonably priced!
bubble_50	I stayed here two days, the first week of July. This is a small hotel on the East side with no restaurant, fitness room, or large lobby. But, the concierge staff is very helpful. There are many fine restaurants within a block or two walking distance. You can catch a cab to the 14th street YMCA and use your home membership if you already have one. I throughly enjoyed by stay here. Also, there is a rooftop area to have breakfast and view this part of the city skyline from.
bubble_50	Nice little hotel, nice little room. Only thing I can think of is maybe some drawers for the smalls and stuff.  The room itself was small but what can you expect for the price in Mid Town Manhatten, but I would say we ok with it. The staff were FABULOUS! Kudos to Gam & Derek, very helpful and knowledgable about subway stations with elevators for our luggage. The hotel was short walk to subway and the beautiful Madison Park, also in a nice quiet little area. If comming from JFK take Air Tran to Jamaica Station then Long  Island Railway to Penn Station and get a cab. Much cheaper then cabbing it all the way from JFK. Got a cruise 23rd street to Barclays Center Station then use Uber to Brooklyn Cruise Terminal. Both stations have lifts for all that luggage your going to have !
bubble_50	The Lex  NYC was a perfect choice for our group. It was located about 2 blocks from the subway station.  It was about a 45-55-minute ride via Uber to and from LaGuardia. The area felt safe and there were plenty of restaurants, delis, bars and shops nearby. The rooms were cozy and extremely clean. The walls however, were very thin. They had a beautiful deck on the upper floor. They offered a continental breakfast every morning but we never got up in time to enjoy it. For baseball fans, we were an easy ride on the #6 to the #4  subway train to get directly to Yankee Stadium. I would definitely stay at The Lex NYC again.
bubble_40	Just spend three nights here to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary. From the moment we booked in after our transatlantic flight, we were looked after in particular by Romeo on the front desk. He recommended a nice bar only two minutes walk away for our first night there. On our anniversary we arrived back at our room to find a bottle of wine and a nice note congratulating us on the milestone, really nice touch and a very nice bottle of red! Our room was described as "comfy" which is was! The room and bathroom were lovely, however a lack of storage space let it down, it could have done with drawers in the bedside cabinets for underclothes and other items. Lived out of our cases for the three nights as there was no proper hanging for clothes, which could be remedied by some
bubble_50	The hotel is very clean with very friendly and welcoming staff. From the moment we checked in with Derek and Gam, we felt welcomed and highly valued as a guest.  The room is as described, cozy! However the size is perfect, with enough room to manoeuvre around, even with 2 large and 2 small suitcases tucked to the side.  The hotel's location is perfect, very little noise from the roads and it's only a few blocks either side from the green line subway. The area feels extremely safe, we walked home some nights after 11.30 and felt as safe as the daytime. The hotel also recommend great local food spots on a list when you check in, be sure to try these out, we only managed 1 (Blue smoke).   I would like to highlight the helpfulness and welcoming nature of the reception staff Romeo,
bubble_30	Clean, modern boutique hotel. The staff was so helpful. Nice simple coffee and pastries breakfast in the tight lobby. Bring it up to the rooftop and enjoy the gorgeous skyline with your coffee. Clean cute room and bath, just enough space for 2 people. Three stars because our tiny 5th floor, street-facing room was loud all night with NYC noise (honking, traffic, yelling, talking) right under our window. All. Night. Long. No sleep. If we return, will definitely request an inside room.
bubble_50	The LEX is a bit out of the centre of Manhattan but is well worth checking out. The rooms are of good size and are well appointed. The biggest selling point is the front desk staff, who epitomize excellent customer service. Everything about our stay was just right, from the complimentary breakfast in the lobby to the great eateries in the vicinity (the LEX also supplies a list of their staff's picks for places to eat in the surrounding streets).
bubble_40	This hotel is well-situated for business, but requires an easy train ride to reach a lot of the sights.  The neighborhood is quiet -- full of Indian restaurants -- and safe, and the hotel is block form the subway.  The room is clean, modern, and nicely designed, and the bathroom is modern and ample (for New York).  Excellent helpful staff.  Clientele includes a lot of tourists, but they're not on the rowdy side.
bubble_50	I have been to the Lex NYC several times and think it is a great hotel.  The staff at the front desk are always very welcoming.  The rooms are basic but are well appointed and very clean.  They have nice letters with restaurant and other recommendations in the room and usually a little sweet treat. I haven't ever had any problems sleeping from street or other noise.  I absolutely love this location in Gramercy.  Highly recommended.
bubble_50	In town for Governor's Ball, I must thank the front desk personnel (especially Maurice and Derek) for all their help.  Navigating through an unfamiliar city can be difficult, but the staff here is very helpful.  The only downside during our was the lack of a refrigerator in the room.  This location is good for exploring Manhattan.
bubble_50	What a lovely hotel to start off our honeymoon, we were greeted by fabulous friendly staff who were very helpful in advising us on directions and nice places to visit.  Our room was lovely and neat with a gift of wine for our honeymoon. Approximately a 30minute walk to Times Square which allowed us to simply take in our fantastic surroundings. We were only there for 2 nights but even the morning of departure (5am) whilst we waited for our private car which they had arranged for our airport transfer which was the same price as a taxi but more comfortable and included all the hidden costs, we were offered coffee and pastries. Thank you so much, we would definitely recommend this hotel. Ceri and jack (15/05-17/05).
bubble_50	I cannot speak more highly of the service we received from The Lex the two nights we stayed. We stayed in the Superior Queen room. The room was large, specially for rooms in NYC. The balcony was wonderful and the bed was super nice. The Lex does other simple things with their rooms to make a person feel appreciated, like keeping the hair dryer in the room rather than having to call down, or the neat tissue paper flower. The bed was comfortable and everything was clean!   Now to give a huge shout out to Romeo! Romeo was the teller the night we checked in! He was wonderful! Super nice, helpful, and quick. But Romeo did a couple of things to make him stand out as amazing! He made sure 3 different times he was saying our last name correctly. It is not an easy name, and appreciated.
bubble_50	Brilliant hotel, great location. The staff were incredibly helpful and accommodating. Nothing was too much trouble, they made you feel welcome and always acknowledged you when you were in the lobby which goes a long way!  We would definitely stay again if we went back to New York, sadly my husband left my bag of magnolia bakery goodies when we left so I hope the staff enjoyed them! :)
bubble_50	In NYC for a graduation and needed a clean, convenient, comfortable place to hang our hats. The Lex was the perfect fit. Super friendly sincere staff, clean comfortable room, modern bathroom with excellent water pressure. Continental breakfast each morning plus free bottles of water in the room each day. We have paid $5.00 for a bottle of H2O in another NYC hotel. Housekeeping very good as room and bathroom were immaculate. Not crowded, very happy, will come back on our next trip to NYC.
bubble_30	The Lex advertises as A Boutique Hotel above the entrance. Strong Pro: All front desk personnel were very nice, personable and helpful.  Wish we could give the hotel a 5 rating just for them! but, there are other considerations. Pro: Clean room and bathroom, continental breakfast provided in lobby, location -Baruch College, Madison Square Park many restaurants nearby. Strong Con: Very expensive (high $400s incl. tax) for what you get; poor or lax security: (no one was in lobby for several minutes when we arrived), door on first floor to accommodations behind check-in desk unlocked, left open at times; Complimentary water bottle had already been opened, drunk from (see pic) Con: Unattractive room with pictures on wall glued to wall, floor light in corner of room had no on/off
bubble_30	I arrived very late, having been delayed by the airline. The hotel was full, so I got one of the two rooms in the basement, which were very noisy--that is where the laundry and various other services are located--and sub-par. Given that I had paid top dollar for a room during graduation season, which is very busy, I was a bit shocked. The manager was not available to talk with me on either of the two occasions I tried. I would not stay here--I did not feel welcome, and I would never pay $400 to sleep in a basement room. At the very least, they should have warned me ahead of time. I did not find the Lex hospitable.
bubble_50	Wow! From the moment we arrived the staff were very warm, welcoming and approachable-special mention to Maurice.  Everywhere was immaculately clean.   Breakfast ( pastries, muffins, fresh fruit, tea, coffee and juice) is served in the lobby. Complimentary tea/coffee are also available on request. Cheese and wine also served early evening on Tuesdays.  We stayed in a cosy room which was a good size,on the top floor facing onto Lexington Ave. Other reviewers have complained about the street noise but this was definitely not a problem and we had the window open throughout the night. Comfy bed and pillows. Good wifi connection. Complimentary toiletries  We would definitely stay here again if we ever return to New York and wouldn't hesitate to recommend
bubble_50	This sweet place has all the charm and hospitality you could want! Small but manageable and very  clean! Housekeeping was immaculate! My experience from booking over the phone with angelica, the above and beyond care of Derek, and even the sweet kindnesses of George made our stay one of tbe most pleasurable and memorable! Location is convenient! The best is found at The Lex!
bubble_50	I have had the opportunity to stay at the Lex Hotel twice this year! One was for business and the other a mix of business and pleasure. I have to admit, this is the ideal hotel for either type of travel.  The hotel is conveniently located and close to everything - both for business appointments and to all the fun attractions.  We visited the Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero, Central Park and of course Times Square.  All less than 15 minutes away.  The rooms are very clean and comfortable and well equipped with outlets and USB chargers. Complimentary WiFi works excellent!  The breakfast is super convenient as well, but the absolute best part of our stay is the service.  All of the team members went above and beyond and made our stay special during every interaction we had with
bubble_30	I stayed in suit. Room was good. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was poor. Specially after 8:30 it is hard to find something to eat. I was very disappointed. Hotel location is very good.
bubble_50	Loved to stay at the Lex, can highly recommend it! Good location, close to subway and Madison Square Park. Modern, nice, spacious (by NYC standards) and affordable rooms. Breakfast are pastries, juice and coffee but there are several places to go nearby if you want something more filling. Excellent service with friendly and helpful staff (special thanks to Derek for being a star!) that made us feel like home.
bubble_50	I stayed at Lex in April with my boyfriend. Overall a really pleasant stay and I would definitely go back if the price is right again. My positives: +great location +good value  +free breakfast items to start the day +helpful and polite staff +wine and cheese reception on Tuesdays  +clean +modern  +free drinks (tea, coffee, hot choc, water) +good size room despite being the cosy room What could improve: -our cooling/heating unit was noisy so we had to turn it off during the night. Not as much of a problem as the temperature was quite moderate in April.  -noisy neighbours woke us up at 5 am! I called reception to complain and they stopped. Not 100% the hotel's fault but as we found out these people had just checked in after a night out.  -shower not great as it is a fixed unit so
bubble_50	I really loved this hotel. Very modern, clean and comfortable rooms. Complimentary water, coffee and a nice small breakfast. Beautiful modern decoration. Friendly and helpful staff. Excellent location! Very close underground station. A few minutes walk to Madison square park, A few more to Union square. I also had a nice walk to the High Line and Chelsea market. A short bus ride to MoMA and Times Square.
bubble_50	Given the very reasonable price of this hotel my expectations were not very high. Wow was I wrong. The location is convenient, the staff attentive and friendly, the room was perfect for our needs. When we return to NYC we'll definitely stay again. Hotels in NYC are pricey, but you'll not get much better value than this.
bubble_50	The Lex is a sweet, friendly boutique hotel.  The rooms are cozy, beds are comfy and the bathroom is spacious.  The staff is super friendly (Romeo at the front desk is great!), knowledgeable and remembered small details about my stay.  The complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby is just perfect.  Fresh fruit, pastries, juices and coffee.  If you're looking for a well-located, small hotel with very nice staff in the middle of Manhattan - the Lex is the perfect choice.
bubble_50	I'm a regular in NY and I'm usually underwhelmed with the hotels but The Lex is my favorite. I've stayed here four times between Dec and March and between the staff who could not be nicer, the cleanliness of the room and the location, I can't stay anywhere else when I'm in town. I've stayed in nearly every room type they offer and I cannot come up with a single complaint. They've even gone so far as to having little chocolates ready when I check in. Absolute first-class service.
bubble_50	This place is one of the better and progressive hotels in the Manhattan area. They have all the amenities plus that of comparably priced hotels. The internet speeds were very fast for streaming media among other things. We will be staying again.
bubble_50	What a surprise to find this small nicely appointed hotel . Lots of good restaurants  nearby and a good continental breakfast included. Nice linens and bathroom and coffee or tea anytime.  The Staff was friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	I had a great stay for 3 nights at the Lex. The room was comfortable, clean and large for NY standards.  Staff were very approachable, helpful and willing to assist any guests requests.  I would stay there on any visit in the future, and recommend it highly for comfort, great hospitality, value and location.
bubble_50	This hotel is in an excellent position in Manhattan, within walking distance to Madison Square, Broadway, Union Square etc, and still it is very reasonably priced. The rooms are in the small side, but there is room for everything; they are clean, very brand-new looking, and nice. Breakfast takes place in a very tiny place, but we never had problems finding our place. Staff is super nice. Overall, this is an excellent place for a visit in New York City.
bubble_50	I stayed at The Lex to attend college tours with my daughter and had chosen it due to its great location and boutique style atmosphere. The accommodations are clean and comfortable, and the staff is very helpful and friendly. In particular, Derek went over and above to make sure we had everything that we needed and made us feel like it was no inconvenience at all.  He is the epitome of great customer service!
bubble_50	Perfect location to explore the city, walking distance to a lot of attraction and plenty of dining options in the neighbourhood. Clean and tidy rooms, helpful and friendly staff. Our stay lived up to the great reviews. Would definitely recommend this great little hotel!
bubble_50	A friend recommended this hotel and it did not disappoint. The location is perfect, with several restaurants within walking distance, and it's close to public transportation. Our room was very large by NYC standards. The wifi is free (and good), which is rare in most hotels. The coffee and tea service is a nice touch. We would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at The Lex NYC for five nights in March 2017, and what a terrific visit. The hotel is centrally located with ready access to public transportation for visiting spots in uptown and downtown. Check in was a breeze, and we immediately felt welcome and comfortable. The room was modern and exceeded my expectations in terms of comfort and cleanliness. The modern decor and comfortable bed made me feel like a got a real bargain. Our room was on the 6th floor above Lexington, but the city noise didn't bother us at all. We slept like babies after long days filled with lots of sight-seeing.  We often try a choose hotels located away from the larger tourist areas to get a real sense of an individual neighborhood. The Lex fit the bill. Lexington Ave has plenty of
bubble_50	Lovely hotel walking distance to most sights we didn't bother with buses and taxis as we walked to places quicker. Unfortunately it snowed while we were here and lots of places were closed because staff not being able to get too work. They were quick too clear pavements but they shovelled snow into gutters and made it impossible to cross roads ha.
bubble_40	I've just got home from spending a week at the Lex. Overall it is a brilliantly located, stylish, clean and modern hotel that I would definitely recommend.  Staff are welcoming, pleasant and extremely courteous - I found Rumel and Maurice to be particular nice as they always offered me my favourite black tea on arriving back at the hotel after a chilly day out and about!  Having complimentary tea and coffee to be brought to your room is a nice touch. The breakfast was better than I expected - although there isn't huge variety (hot drinks, juice, croissants, mini sweet pastries, two types of muffin, apples, oranges and bananas) what is there is delicious, good quality and plentiful.  It set me up for the day and I enjoyed watching the world go by from the comfort of the lobby
bubble_50	This is a belated review as we stayed in The Lex at the end of October 2016. The hotel is modern and very well appointed. We had one of the rooms on the ground floor behind the lift, despite this we heard virtually no noise from the reception area or the neighbouring rooms. The room was very clean and quite spacious (for NYC rooms) the bed very comfortable and the bathroom was a reasonable size with plenty of hot water and a good shower over the bath. The location of the hotel was well situated on Lexington Avenue, we walked a lot including at night and the area felt very safe. The reception staff were really helpful and gave us several recommendations for local restaurants. The hotel provided a continental type breakfast with coffee, hot water and orange juice, a really good
bubble_40	Nothing extravagant here - but fit our needs for visiting our son who lives around the corner. Not so easy if arriving by car, there is no drop off area, just parked cars along the whole block and, being NYC, never an available space. Expensive overnight parking is a ten minute walk away. Rooms small, staff friendly. The "breakfast" is some baskets of muffins and croissants and  a pot of coffee served in the entryway, "lobby" of the hotel. Bedding very comfortable and room very clean.
bubble_40	Staff was very warm and very helpful. Room was small but clean and very comfortable. Room was also very hi-tech with usb charging ports and all (only problem was that sometimes it had to many leds on).  Breakfast was very simple but good.
bubble_50	Great hotel, Derek was AMAZING!!! Went above and beyond for me and any questions I ask, great service would definitely stay here again Derek made feel like I was at home. The room was really good and the laundry service was great can not fault this place at all really good.
bubble_30	I stayed here for 3 nights in January 2017. The most impressive thing about this place was the helpfulness of the staff.  Every person was friendly and went out of their way to help with anything.  When I arrived, the front desk clerk helped me find a room that was quiet and not bathed in light early in the morning.  She let me look at several rooms and did it all with a smile.   The room itself was pretty basic, without even so much as a chest of drawers to put your clothes.  The desk was a narrow strip of plastic, barely sufficient to hold even a laptop.  I know that they were trying to save money on furniture but for even a little bit more money on furnishing the rooms, they would feel much more comfortable.  The bed was comfortable.  People who don't like loud heater/air
bubble_50	This hotel is a gem in the city. The rooms are roomy and comfortable. The staff are warm, professional and kind. It's all about the personal touch! So very helpful with recommendations for where to dine. I hate it's taken us this long to find them! If you are coming to NYC this place is the hotel to stay at.
bubble_50	Our trip to NY was not for pleasure but because our daughter was having major surgery at a nearby hospital.  We looked into many hotel, before deciding on the Lex, but what a wonderful choice it was.  Being  a small boutique style turned out to be perfect.  The staff knew us by name and were aware of our circumstances.  They were so very kind to us, inquired about our daughter and said they would work with us in anyway to make our stay as stress free as possible.  The front desk staff were top notch.  I don't want to name names because I would not want to forget anyone.  One really super person was Angelika, one of the managers.  Angelika recommended a Junior suite since our daughter would be with us the evening before surgery.  We had a nice quiet room in the back of the hotel.
bubble_50	As a student who was traveling to NYC on a budget, this place is a God-send. The service at the front is top-notch (escpecially you, Derek). The rooms are impeccably clean and well-decorated. The free breakfast is terrific. The location is hard to beat. And all for the kind of prices (under $150/night) that a student can afford? I kept expecting there to be some "catch" that I wasn't understanding. But after 2 restful, pleasant nights at The Lex, I realized that this is a just a fantastic hotel. Please stop your search now and book The Lex for your next NYC trip.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at the Lex Hotel last week for three nights. I highly recommend it. Although it is a budget style hotel, service from reception is excellent and friendly, with good advice on the local area. Angelica and all the other staff were first rate. Room is not big (we had a "cosy room"), but was fine for our needs. The bed and bed linen was very comfortable. The bathroom was excellent. We had requested a quiet room, which is what we got at the rear of the building. No traffic noise at all. I'd guess that if your room faces Lexington Avenue, it could be noisy. A basic breakfast is provided at no extra cost (tea, coffee, pastries and fruit). Complimentary coffee and tea can also be brought to your room, which we took advantage of. It's not located in a classy part of
bubble_50	Decided to try a small, boutique hotel close to the East Village and saw lots of positive reviews on TA. Price was fine, and management accomodated us with a super quiet room and an upgrade ( we did give up our city view in return for a courtyard view of the water towers but it was dead quiet and we actually slept). The desk guys were great-thanks Maurice- and the rooms were REMARKABLY CLEAN. Beds were extremely comfortable. Nothing super fancy here- just a really nice place to stay.
bubble_40	Rumel (at the front desk) went above-and-beyond to make my stay special. He was so kind and thoughtful! I had lost my phone at a restaurant. Not only did he call the restaurant for me, he sent a bottle of wine to my room to cheer me up. Then, when the phone was found, I received a thoughtful congratulatory note in the morning with my coffee. Another fellow, Derek, was also sweet and made me feel so welcome! Would absolutely stay again!
bubble_50	My husband and I had another wonderful stay at The Lex. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The accommodations are clean, and the bed are comfortable. We look forward to another visit. A great location, within walking distance of Eataly, and other great restaurants.
bubble_50	If you are looking for a small, minimalist boutique hotel-this is a great find! Couldn't ask for nicer, more helpful front desk staff. Clean, comfortable bed, quiet (which is not easy to find in NYC), and decent bath towels. You can't beat the price plus a free continental breakfast. Pastries are fresh and there is a nice selection of fresh fruit. Will stay here again, as it is convenient to the 6 subway line.
bubble_40	We booked two Cozy Queen rooms at the Lex NYC for a five-day family stay in mid-January 2017.   The rooms Both rooms were pretty small, though the clue for that was sort of in the name when we booked them. But bigger and more expensive options are available. The rooms we had, however, were absolutely fine to stay in and nicely decorated, with comfortable beds, flatscreen TVs and separate shower rooms, with free toiletries. The shower was quite big and the water pressure very strong, and the rooms were well maintained and cleaned to a decent standard, too.   Staff  The hotel staff were all fabulous, with the front desk in particular always polite and keen to help. They were knowledgeable about the direct area and happy to provide advice about getting around the rest of New York,
bubble_50	Boutique hotel, in an quiet , excellent well come, morning breakfast good enough, personal treatment, cosi room, and great location.If you come with suitcase and takes a Cab, you need to tell the driver where to go, tell him 25 St, Lexington Ave. It helps a lot.  Took my driver time to get there, till l have called the Hotel for directions. If you want to get to up town by the Sub,get to 23th and you will take the R line, or down town take the 6 line.
bubble_50	The staff has a very clear purpose and training regarding customer care, they are really nice. Rooms are small but tidy and complete.  The breakfast is a nice touch that you love when in New York (where everything is so expensive) The neighborhood is nice, you have several bus stops and metro stations around, either way you could walk and find the main sites in Manhattan within 1 hour walk. It is fairly close to Penn Station.  Appreciated everything regarding this hotel.
bubble_50	I stayed 3 nights with a family member. I had looked at a number of properties and The Lex had good reviews. The price was very reasonable so I selected this hotel. It is in a nice area, just north of Noho, and is immaculately clean. They offer a continental breakfast, and provide complimentary water.  Our room held a queen bed with nightstands on either side, and had a large window. You are in New York; there are traffic noises at all hours. The bathroom was surprisingly large and was stocked with shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, lotion, hair dryer, and soaps.  Everything was very clean and tidy.  Most impressive was the customer service the staff provided. They are kind, helpful, and made our stay so pleasant.  I will happily stay here again and would recommend it to anyone who
bubble_50	The Lex is a small  boutique hotel on Lexington Avenue.   The rooms were very adequate although they have no king size beds. They were clean and the house tell staff were awesome. I wish I had gotten the names of the young man at the desk. There were three of them that we came in contact with And they were so willing and gracious to help. We will return there next time we visit New York City.
bubble_40	The Lex NYC is a small boutique hotel and is conveniently located.  We liked that the hotel is in a neighbourhood, rather than in a tourist area. The rooms are clean and stylish. The staff are gracious, personable and service-oriented.  Continental breakfast was a nice amenity. Have read that walls are thin; it was quiet during our stay and not an issue for us.  We were comfortable and felt very much at home.   There are some great Indian restaurants, Dhaba and Bhatti in the neighbourhood. Grocery, natural food and coffee bars are also nearby.
bubble_50	This hotel is a real gem in a great location.   We stayed in a cosy double that was more spacious than we expected. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom clean. So lovely having a bathtub, which although shallow, allowed us to soak our tired legs after walking 12 miles a day!   All amenities are provided - toiletries, towels, hairdryer, safe, ironing board, and bottled water. You can also order tea, hot chocolate and coffee to your room at any hour of the day (so good when you are jet lagged!).  Breakfast in the morning consisted of muffins, pastries, fruit, tea, coffee and fruit juice. Lovely way to start the day and kept us going 'til lunchtime.  The hotel is in a great location on Lex' Avenue - we walked almost everywhere because it was such a great way to experience the
bubble_40	I lived in NYC for decades so I know it's hard to find a hotel that is in a good location as well as excellent service.  I stumbled on this gem while searching for a place near Grand Central Station. The service is outstanding, and they offer free coffee, wi-fi and continental breakfast -- that's rare in NYC (and please take note Big Hotel Chains).  The rooms are small but pleasantly appointed and, unlike the Pods, you have a separate bathroom.  Very pleased.
bubble_50	My friend and I decided on a whim to stay at The Lex. Read the reviews on Trip advisor and it was absolutely perfect. The staff were beyond friendly from the first phone call when I booked with Remel,  and the girls at the desk when we arrived (I think Michelle) and sweet Angelica at night when we were on our way out and about  were all perfect!!!   The hotel was  Super clean, non pretentious , quiet, and comfortable..... If you want hustle and bustle stay in Times Square. If you want clean, quiet, great price  and a super friendly down to earth staff stay here!
bubble_50	A very good place. The staff helps a lot, has a good knowledge of the good spots and the room its pretty comfortable. I would like to thank all the employees for pointing me the interesting places(and giving me a map) and helping me charging my phone(I though I would lost my way to talk to my family, that was a relief) and thanks for providing daily water and keep the room clean.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 night on a business trip. I enjoyed my room on the 7th floor away from Lexington and slept well. The bed was great. The layout of the room was oddly shaped and I had no desk to work at.  Small and simple breakfast (coffee and croissants) included in the price and complimentary bottles of water in the room. Very good! The location is wonderful and the surrounding neighborhood has 100s of ethnic food options. Had both great Indian and decent Lebanese food while here. The best here though is the staff. They defy the New York stereotypes of busy and rude. Friendly and helpful all around. I'll be back to stay here for sure.
bubble_40	The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The guys at the door were amazing and real pro's.  Not able to check in until 4pm, so we ate elsewhere.   The Lobby is tiny for the size of the Hotel (somewhat typical in NYC as space is at a premium) and you are not able to linger much.  Rooms are nice and older in design as the building is an older one. Concierge Lounge is small and overcrowded, but fine.   All in all a good place and good experience!
bubble_40	Very professional staff. Gave recommendation for great Japanese restaurant...Natsumi right around the corner. Clean nice sized rooms. Free coffee or hot chocolate delivered to your room Would stay again for sure.
bubble_50	For NYC a relatively small,boutique hotel but with a warm and welcoming feel as a result of Superb people on the front desk! We were made to feel welcome like returning family...really outstanding customer service. Rooms are compact,clean and modern. I believe there are bigger rooms higher up. I was on the second and sometimes the noise was higher than I would have expected..rooms fairly close together but over all excellent value and a great position if you want to be away from the madness! Plus if you like a curry it's the centre of the curry world in Manhattan. A real winner and one to go back to..I would suggest it's rating should be higher! Thanks Guys.
bubble_40	I visited family in NYC and this hotel was perfect for a night stay. It was modern, clean and included breakfast. Good location. I would stay again. Although the room is small, that is typical in NYC. Also nice TV set.  Modern bathroom.
bubble_50	Will definitely stay here again.  It's clean & updated with a friendly, helpful staff.  Priced reasonably for NYC & very comfortable.  24/7 coffee & tea service.....who does that?!!!   And the size of the bathroom was a very pleasant surprise for a Manhattan hotel.  We were visiting family in Stuyvesant Town, so the location was great for us.
bubble_50	The room was very clean and attractive. Small, but that's normal for NYC. What really set the place apart was the extremely friendly and helpful staff. Wow! They were so happy to assist with anything needed and were very warm and friendly. Everyone was great and Derek and Rumel especially went above and beyond.
bubble_50	Enjoyed this boutique hotel oasis in the Murray Hill area of Manhattan. The room was not large but the bed was comfortable and linens very crisp and clean.  The staff above all were super nice and friendly.   We would definitely stay again!
bubble_50	Hotel is located in Midtown with restaurants, sights, and Metro stop nearby.  Modern look, good sized room, free WiFi and continental breakfast.  Staff are welcoming, helpful with daily planning, and excited to ensure you have the best experience inside the hotel and out. No coffeemakers in room but a call to the front desk and you'll have a fresh hot cup delivered to your room within minutes.
bubble_50	Can't recommend this hotel enough.  Great location on Lexington between between 25th and 26th Street.  Immediately upon arrival, we were informed that our room had been upgraded, which was a great way to start our vacation. The hotel is super chill and not in the slightest bit pretentious.  Our room was very nice and had everything that we could possibly want and/or need.  Special shout out to Rumel, Maurice and Derek in the front desk.  These guys were not only cool and super friendly but also extremely helpful, accommodating and knowledgeable.  I hope management realizes what a valuable asset it has in these three employees.  Will definitely be back and will also recommend this property to all my family and friends.  Keep up the good work.
bubble_50	Good location on Lexington and 27th. Clean and friendly. Just a hotel but a lot of restaurants and bars in walking distance. Parking around the corner in garage. A lot of perks: wifi, chocolate, water, continental breakfast, authentic team members to help you find anything. I found this place on a random search but at $250 all in - a value in NYC. Room size is fine and bathroom was very clean.
bubble_40	The rooms are small, but not unexpectedly so, and very clean.  In NYC you don't spend a lot of time in your room anyway.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.  The room heating is from a reverse-cycle air conditioning unit, which is fairly noisy, and is located quite close to the bed (because the rooms are small).  This might disturb some sleepers.  This is quite minor, but the sheets on the bed seemed to be not big enough to go around the foot of the mattress, which means that they were almost always in a ball by morning.  On the plus side, the housekeeping staff were very accommodating in allowing us to sleep off our jet lag in the mornings.   As a result, we didn't make it downstairs for the free breakfast on any of the four mornings.   We would stay there again for sure.
bubble_10	Ancient filthy air conditioner sounds like an airplane. No table in the room! Staff were friendly but kept postponing helping me get another room. 'Please speak to the night manager.' 'Please to the morning manager.' Elevators are a joke. Mobs waiting to go up and down. I finally abandoned hope and took the stairs several flights every day.
bubble_50	Great boutique hotel. Clean, modern and quiet. Derek and the rest of the staff were excellent. Incredibly friendly front desk that went out of their way to meet our needs. I haven't had customer service like this in years. A++
bubble_40	We booked the hotel because is around the corner from our son's apartment.  The location could not have been more convenient.  The hotel does not have bells and whistles but, it does have a very friendly, professional staff.  Our room on the 6th floor was spacious and very clean.  The bed was very- very comfortable which is a great plus after a long walking day.  The hotel  gets you going in the morning, with a simple and limited breakfast:  coffee, tea, few pastries and a banana, apple or orange; small but, much appreciated.  They offer free Wi Fi - which not many hotels in this big city offer. The hotel is close to subway and bus stops.   Our stay at The Lex was a week long and pleasant.  Yes, we would recommend this hotel to friends and family.
bubble_40	Thank you to the Front Lobby/check in Staff. Derek your recommendations for dinner and assistance with departure, was 5 star service. Room was small and no roll away was available. They assisted to solve my problem with addition of enough pillows and blankets to make a very coffe extra bed for one.
bubble_50	The staff, accommodations, and location were perfect for a trip to New York.  It all started when they stored our luggage when we arrived from the airport.  They  called us on the phone when our room was ready (way ahead of schedule.)  The hotel was new.   Everything was bright and clean.  The elevator was fast, the bathroom clean, large, and modern.  The front desk staff were helpful and gave great suggestions about what to do, where to eat, and how to get there.  The location is right in the middle of everything, but in a neighborhood, not in a crowded area.  It was easy to get to the subway and to every part of the city.  The area around the hotel was an established neighborhood with many places to eat without having to eat at a chain restaurant.
bubble_50	We found "The Lex" checking out lufthansaholidays.com, searching for something beyond the US standard stuff (I am on business trips to the US quite often and fed up by the usual chains - sorry, no names here ;-), booking it after x-checks (hotel internet site, tripadvisor, others). We were not disapponited and can confirm the super-positive ratings here: Extremly friendly and helpful front desk (Nari & Michelle who welcomed us, together with Rumel, Derek and Maurice), very clean and well maintained, good size of rooms (no ball room but completely sufficient), good start-out breakfast, and good location (Lexington Av). Additional remark: our room (601) was facing Lexington Av., we switched off AirCon, kept the window open and ... slept well (yes, this is no
bubble_50	The LEX is an excellent hotel. We stayed for 6 nights all was great. Very friendly and helpful staff. Good service, nice breakfast, coffee and tea 24/7 available and last but not least great bed. Not to forget: very good location in the middle of NYC!!! Good value for money.
bubble_50	Just back from a fantastic stay at Lex Hotel NYC.   Great location - away from the business of 5th Ave etc. But within a short walk of midtown and Union Sq and lots of other places worth visiting.   The staff are extremely friendly and helpful and really make this Hotel a nice experience.   Hotel in general is nicely done up and very clean and tidy. Room very comfortable and clean.   Having wifi available even on the 7th floor was very handy.   Breakfast is coffee, juices and pastries in the lobby and works very well. Perfect when you are busy with going out and about in NY!  Would absolutely recommend this Hotel!
bubble_50	I would like to express my gratitude to the front desk staff of Lex hotel  Maurice, Derek, Rumel and the other ladies (sorry, don't know their names). All gave us a homey feel and were absolutely great. Their attitude and willingness to help were outstanding and I definitely recommend this hotel. It's the best hotel I have ever stayed in.
bubble_50	I stayed in Lex Hotel in Oct 2016 with my wife. He just wanted the hotel to sleep as we spend all the day walking around the city.  It's a good hotel comparing to what you are paying. The location is good as well.  The air condition wasn't good. Mr. Maurice is very nice gentlmen and was very helpful :) !
bubble_50	Perfect hotel for a short city break in NYC, ideally located within touching distance of all the major sites on Manhattan. Room was ideal (double bed, good shower / bathroom) and for the one issue that arose, the staff were on hand to help immediately. Big thanks to Maurice, Rumel, Michelle, & Nari on the front desk for being extremely friendly and helpful. If / when I come back to NYC I'll most likely stay here again. Thanks again guys!!!
bubble_40	Conveniently located hotel within walking distance of Times Square and all the shopping/ attractions around the area. Downside, no coffee making facilities but a quick ring to reception or a chat with staff and you can get a coffee/ tea. Continental breakfast included in the package and sets you up for the day. The beds are comfy, bathrooms spacious but very little storage space, most of our stuff is still in our suitcases.  Lots of eateries in and around the area, including a deli next door if required. As we are not spending a lot of time in the hotel,we are out exploring & enjoying the city,the room meets all of our needs.. AND I don't know what they are spraying in the room, but after a day out and about,when we return the room smells lush! We are still here, 1 more night to
bubble_50	This this has become my go to hotel when in New York City. Really convenient to the office, and the value for the money can't be beat! The front desk staff is always friendly, welcoming and helpful. For a boutique hotel the rooms are a good size. really clean, comfortable beds and modern decor.   Also love the location. Really close to the flat iron building, warehouse district and fifth Avenue shopping. Great Indian restaurants very close by as well!  Book with confidence, this place is great!
bubble_50	Absolutely loved this hotel.  Great location, were able to walk everywhere.  Close to the subway.  Clean rooms with comfortable beds.  No frills but a great value for the price.  Bottled water in rooms, small continental breakfast and coffee and tea delivered to your room anytime were all nice touches.  The best part was the staff.  All were very friendly, welcoming, helpful.  Maurice gave us a warm welcome and gave us great recommendations on things to do.  Our room wasn't ready but he actually called us to notify us when the room was available.  Rumel also gave us great recommendations of things to do.  Because of them we were able to see and do so much in the three days we were there.  They helped us plan out our days very efficiently and mapped it out for us.  Rumel gave us
bubble_40	Just a very short walk from Gramercy Park, the Lex provides larger than expected rooms, a very courteous and helpful staff, and a lovely continental breakfast, all at a rate less than one pays for boring chains. I will be back. (Thank you again, Nari, for advising me the staff brings free and prepared tea and coffee to the rooms.)
bubble_40	Verry pleased with our stay, the straff were verry service orientated!! The only thing I would point out to a future visiter is that the breakfast consists of pasterys (so if you are a hungry morning person like me, you will need a second breakfast :))
bubble_40	We needed a last minute hotel close to Beth Israel. Found this hotel on the web. Great surprise.Beautiful hotel. Huge room with a deck. Beautiful bathroom. Extremely clean and helpful staff. Breakfast included. Would stay here again in a heart beat. A great find cannot say enough how we were pleasantly surprised. Not cheap but not expensive by NYC standards.
bubble_50	From the moment we walked in, we could tell the Lex was something special. Maurice warmly welcomed us to the hotel, took our bags, and worked on getting our room ready even though we arrived before check-in.  The room is nice, clean, and spacious by NYC standards. Very cozy. Modern and not extravagant. Maurice's attention to detail and hospitality certainly adds to the positive experience.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex for five days and really enjoyed it.  The "Cozy Queen" room really had plenty of space, there was almost no noise from the city or anyone else, the hotel super clean, the staff friendly, and the location in Midtown great steps from two subway lines.  You get free water every day, free wifi, and complimentary decent breakfast. Especially for the price (and this is on the more affordable side in Manhattan), this place can't be beat.
bubble_50	I stayed with a friend for the weekend, she was there all week. This is a small, boutique hotel so if you need room service, rollaways and a big breakfast buffet this is not your place.  If you want a clean, comfortable room and friendly helpful stuff in a great location this IS your place!  The room was not "built around" the queen bed.  We had plenty of room for walking around each other and all our stuff.  The bed was very comfortable with nice linens.  The bathroom was large by NYC standards and had good shower pressure.  Our room was on the 4th floor on a rear corner.  We had little to no street noise.  Most nights were very quiet.  I do think if you had a noisy person in the room next to you that you could hear them, we did only a few times.  Our room had a small balcony.
bubble_50	The rooms were very clean and comfortable.  Everyone of the employees that we encountered were extremely friendly, helpful and accommodating.   Free continental breakfast was available every morning.  They even provided complimentary bottled water everyday, such as nice touch, and very appreciated!  We would book here again.
bubble_50	Upon arrival at the Lex, a staff member greeted us at the front door. The front desk personnel was extremely courteous and efficient. We had an excellent room on the 7th floor, facing Lexington Avenue. Although it was not as large as what I am used to, it made use of space and it was very clean and comfortable. Coffee makers are not provided but the hotel offers 24 hour coffee service delivered straight to your room! Complimentary water is provided daily as well as morning pastries and coffee in the lobby. Our location allowed for lots of sightseeing on foot and it was great to come back to the pleasant staff and quiet room. We stayed at the Lex for 4 nights and can not express enough how professional yet accommodating everyone was and we would recommend this hotel to all in a
bubble_50	What a fantastic little hotel. Friendly staff always available to help. The added bonus of breakfast every morning. On hand 24 hour room service, so when you just fancied a coffee it wasnt any trouble. It was very clean and I would hestitate to stop again. Even looked after our luggage for a couple of days whilst we went to a different hotel to watch the US Open Tennis.
bubble_40	We had a modern compact rooms (as pictured on the site) with a balcony facing the next building (no views from any room). Great friendly staff (thanks Omar) in a great location just east of Madison Square Park at the southern edge of the Flatiron/Nomad hotel area. No frills hotel with complimentary continental breakfast held in the small lobby. Limited storage and a loud AC are minor annoyances for the benefits of the location if the price is right.
bubble_50	This was our 1st time on NYC so don't have anything local to compare it to, but found it to be a very nice hotel with excellent staff.   The location of the hotel is in midtown and is within walking distance of lot of the main attractions. It took around 5-10 minutes to walk to Madison Square Park and then a short walk onto 5th into the Flatiron district. If walking is not your thing then you are only a couple of blocks from the subway or cabs are very frequent and easy to flag down outside the hotel.   There are also great restaurants close to the hotel if you don't fancy venturing too far on an evening.   The staff in the hotel were very helpful and informative. Our bags didn't arrive on our flight and the staff were excellent in directing us to a pharmacy and clothes shops to
bubble_40	Stayed 4 nights in Sept - over the Labor Day weekend. The very good - very pleasant staff: clean, comfortable, modern room: Excellent climate control (wall thermostat);  good size bathroom w/ fine (Eden) toiletries &  quality linens:  good water pressure (hot & cold):  most efficient (& unobtrusive) housekeeping: totally free, strong, in-room  wi-fi (still sadly a NYC rarity).   Our room, at the rear of the hotel, was very quiet, despite being on the 2nd floor. While the location (lower Lexington Ave)  is not the greatest scenically in NYC,  it is a short walk to Madison Square Park (Shake Shack, Eataly,), Park Ave, Broadway, 5th ave restaurants and shopping,  and to mass transit (M23 crosstown bus) and several subway  routes  along 23rd st. Because I booked through a 3rd party
bubble_50	Amazing, friendly, knowledgable, and helpful staff. Great place!!!  The room was spacious and clean. Modern, well-stocked with a great balcony. The staff was always very helpful with issues like parking and baggage handling.
bubble_40	I have stayed at this hotel several times. The staff is always polite and helpful. The hotel is small but comfortable. It is also very clean. During this visit we got a room facing the street side, it is very noisy. So when you book ask for a room that does not face the street. The metro station is close to it ( green line 6) get off on 23rd street. W
bubble_40	This place is no frills, but if you are looking for a somewhat affordable room in NYC, it's a good option. My room was on the basement level, which means there were no real windows. But it seems like maybe the basement rooms are larger, so that's the tradeoff. My room was pretty big and the bathroom was enormous. The rooms are very minimal when it comes to decor, but they are clean and have everything you need (hair dryer, iron, high quality toiletries and flat screen TV). The air conditioning works really well, so expect your room to be pretty chilly. The AC unit is also a bit on the loud side, but the noise is a steady fan noise, so it didn't bother me. The staff at this hotel is incredibly friendly and nice. They are very eager to help and did a great job arranging a very
bubble_50	We spent a quick week end in NYC and stayed at the Lex. It's a small cozy hotel with a GREAT staff. Close to everything we needed and love about New York, the hotel is conveniently close to a long term parking garage (no discounts for hotel guests available, but super safe and accessible)  The rooms are super clean and well arranged, if you're looking for a large room in NYC get ready to drop the big bucks and the Lex might not be for you. The size of the room was perfect for our needs.  I do have to say the soundproofing could use a bit of improvement for the connecting rooms but apart from that it was great!  Most definitely going to stay at the Lex Hotel again!
bubble_40	So we booked this hotel because it offered a suite and a balcony at a very good rate.  We even called in advance to make sure that we where getting a balcony and they said yes.  When I checked in the hotel on Monday July 11, I was told that the balcony was out of order due to renovations of the outside of the building.  What a disappointment!  The hotel manager right away offered free breakfast for the entire stay for all three of us and some extra Marriott points Great!  The room was great until time to sleep.  My son was going to sleep on the sofa bed but it was so uncomfortable you can feel all the springs.  He called front desk to ask for a bed topper which they did not have. But was able to get some extra blankets but it was still uncomfortable.  They felt bad and
bubble_50	Me and my husband stayed here for s weekend getaway and I gotta say I was blown away. The location is ideal close to almost everything and the subway is only a few blocks away The staff is fantastic, always smiling and ready to assist. There's a cool chic vibe in the lobby but the hallways are a bit bare. We were fortunate enough to get upgraded to a balcony room which was a great perk. I wish the breakfast had a bit more to offer but none the less it is complimentary and the pastries were fresh, Great way to start the day. The housekeeping team does a great job as our room was spotless everyday, which is so pleasant to come home too after a long day of sightseeing. That's right I said home because that is how the staff at The  Lex  makes you feel. Keep doing what you are doing
bubble_40	The staff was extremely approachable and helpful.  They looked like they enjoyed their jobs-- always great to see.    I was bummed that while I was the only one in my group to call in advance to request a higher up, corner room, I was the one who got a room with a weird view of and access to the heating/cooling equipment immediately out of # 207's window.  It felt awkward to have sliding glass door access to that kind of mechanical space.  And I wasn't sure if maintenance workers would be accessing the space immediately outside my window, so I just kept the blinds closed the entire time-- which defeats the point of this room having a sliding door or even eye level windows.  A window higher up on the wall that acted more like a skylight would seem to make more sense both for
bubble_30	The hotel is very modern inside and very clean. It's around a 30 minute walk to Times Square the "Big Bus Tour" hop on hop off buses pick up in Times Square for all tour routes although the tours themselves take a long time due to the NY traffic. Although clean the hotel itself doesn't have any tea/coffee facilities within the room, you can request hot drinks via the reception desk, however I would expect them to be within the room as standard. Breakfast is served at 7:30 until 9 which we found extremely early, given this was our fourth stop on a USA trip this was the earliest breakfast one which we didn't sample.  All in all a decent hotel ideal as a base.
bubble_10	I wanted to write a good review for this hotel because the desk staff were brilliant. But frankly, that was it. We stayed for a week and couldn't wait to leave. I provided feedback to the hotel a few days after we left and have had no response so I feel obliged to leave this review.  Housekeeping was rubbish. Day one, excellent. Day two, came in to our pyjamas and belongings slung onto the floor. Day three, toiletries removed and not replaced etc etc. It was very shoddy.  On the weekend, we wished to stay inside to watch the wimbledon final on TV before venturing out. The most horrific stench of pot smoke invaded the room. After about an hour as it got stronger and stronger, we had to go out. I complained at the desk and was told 'Yeah we know'. Great. So we had to find a bar to
bubble_40	Very hepful people at the desk, nice breakfast in a very short room, but cosy, nice decoration, super bath, very clean and tide...in a GREAT LOCATION...What else to ask somebody in the center of New York?
bubble_50	This hotel is exactly what you need when you are visiting NYC. It has a perfect location, very close to the subway, it is clean and all the employees are super friendly. But the best thing is, you do not pay for the name of the city, you pay a fair price. I would always come back and stay here again.
bubble_40	I stayed here, last minute, while visiting my daughter.  The room was nice, very clean and the staff was exceptionally friendly.  They include a breakfast which consisted of store bought muffins, pastries, coffee and tea.  It wasn't the best but it was free so I'm not complaining.  The location of the hotel was nice, too as you are very close to Union Square.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	I had the pleasure of staying here for two nights when I was meeting friends in the city for a weekend in July. I chose the Lex based on reviews as well as price and location and could not be happier with my selection! It was close to Penn, Grand Central, as well as the subway and there were several excellent restaurants in the nearby neighborhoods. I had "cozy queen," which I honestly was expecting to be much smaller.  It was very spacious for one person, and spotless. The bed was comfortable, and blackout shades worked great.  While the a/c unit in my room was a little loud, it did not keep me up and street noise was minimal. In addition, the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Overall, I had a wonderful stay, and would definitely choose the Lex again and recommend
bubble_20	I booked this hotel for 6 nights, but after seeing my room, I contacted front desk as well as my booking agency to cancel my booking. The hotel made me stay for 1 night, as this was the hotel rules. Room was tiny - about one foot on either side of the bed. I felt very claustrophobic. So for the night that they made me stay , I doubled down and paid the extra money to be upgraded to a junior suite. Wanted to make it he most of a bad situation. The front desk gentleman was very helpful and obliging. He took things in his stride - so I'm sure I'm not the exception. No gym. Breakfast is a few pre packed eats served next to the front desk. Should not be more than 2 stars. My compliments to very helpful staff.
bubble_10	I'm not sure how this hotel has good star-rating but IMO, this is 2-star rating hotel.  Pros: location is good and staffs are friendly.  Cons:  It was clean enough but I found couple of minor issues; I found some kind of dark spot on comforter. I have black hair but I found long blonde hair from towel.  Noise level: terrible! You have old-fashined AC unit sitting right next to your bed. When it's running, it's super loud that woke me up several times throughout the night. When it was off, I could hear all noises coming from the street (it felt like there was an open-hole).  Also, the walls must be paper-thin. I could hear toilet being flushed from next door and I could literally hear conversation from next door.  I booked for this hotel at the last minute and I paid over $450.
bubble_50	The Lex Hotel was a great experience. Every time I walked in the door I felt like I was coming home.And it didn't matter if it was 1 in the afternoon or 1 in the morning. The staff was very attentive, friendly and helpful. The room was perfect! One may think you need a bigger room but for the amount of time spent and what I was doing it was great! It was clean and the bed was comfortable! I will definitely stay there whenever i'm in NCY.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex this weekend.  We needed a double bedroom and were amazed by the size of the bedroom we were given.  The staff was extremely friendly which is nice after a long day in New York.  The beds were very comfortable.  We stayed on floor 1.  Initially we were concerned about noise but the place was so quiet and dark we actually slept too late the first day. Would highly recommend this hotel.  The location is excellent if you plan to spend your time by Union Square but want a quieter neighborhood.  Free wi fi too!
bubble_40	I chose this hotel because I was stuck in NYC overnight due to weather related flight delays. Nothing affordable close to JFK. I was looking for value for price, breakfast included due to time constraints and this hotel delivered except in one area: breakfast. The word breakfast to me suggests more than coffee, donuts, oranges and orange juice. Please consider adding the word continental! I arrived at 8:45 and the hotel was out of all but the oranges. More donuts arrived but for someone gluten free with GERD and sensitivity to acidic foods - well, you get the gist! I travel often, am flexible and have not been unable to find something acceptable to eat in longer than I can remember. These days standard hotel breakfasts  include at least hard boiled eggs and bananas, and often
bubble_50	This boutique hotel is brand new and it shows. The staff offers unparalleled customer service, and the quaint, yet modern atmosphere makes for a great experience. Anjelica (I hope I spelled that correctly), the manager, is a breath of fresh air and really goes out of her way to be extra helpful . This will definitely be my go-to hotel when I am visiting Manhattan (or even the outer boroughs). Ask for Room 707- the balcony access is refreshing and the view of the Chrysler building is awesome!
bubble_50	I had the pleasure of staying the last two nights at this hotel and I will tell you that without any reservation the surprised me from the very beginning. Started with the nice attentions of the front desk person then to a very nice, clean and comfortable room. I will definitely repeat. Excellent location and price.
bubble_30	After reading the reviews and looking at the pictures, we were rather disappointed when we checked into Room 506, which lacked a lot of standard features. It was oddly shaped, with the queen bed crammed into most of the front part of the space inside the door, and then a weird, narrow extra space with a luggage rack, and that's about it. There was no desk or large flat surface on which to place anything, and only one simple little chair with metal legs that we kept banging into. The room also had no closet, just hooks on the wall! No coffeemaker, no mini fridge, etc., that are pretty much expected in today's hotels. In fact, it felt more like a "pod" budget hotel than an upscale boutique hotel as advertised, and was not worth the rate that we paid.  Another negative was
bubble_50	Stayed here for 4 nights. First time in NYC and selected the Lex for its good reviews. Couldn't fault it. Great location, far enough away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square but we were able to walk everywhere. Good free wifi. Complimentary water and a fridge if requested. We enjoyed the pastries, coffee and juice for breakfast. The room itself was lovely. Big enough for 2 people with a case each. Clean and well appointed. We slept well despite the thin walls and road noise because the bed was so comfortable! The staff were friendly and obliging. Would recommend Bhatti Indian restaurant down the street. Excellent food if eating nearby.
bubble_50	Stayed for 4 nights. Rooms are small,  but they have everything you need. Clean, comfortable, quiet (except for nyc street noise). Air temperature was a bit temperamental to control, too warm when ac was off, but too cool when the ac was on. Free breakfast consists of coffee, tea, oj, pastries and some fruit. Free wine and cheese happy hour on Tuesday night! Staff was super friendly and the neighborhood felt safe with many interesting dining options near by.
bubble_40	If you're looking for a hotel in the south reaches of midtown, near Flatiron or Murray Hill, the Lex NYC is a terrific spot.  Away from the craziness of Times Square, the hotel is well located between 25th and 26th streets, just east of Park Avenue - easy walking distance to the Empire State Building and not far from many businesses.  Also not far from many bars and restaurants on 3rd Avenue.  Subway access is also easy.  The property is low key on Lexington Avenue so don't miss it!  The front desk staff were exceptionally friendly.  The room was small but acceptable by NYC standards.  Nice sized bathroom, clean, modern and simple.  Wifi performed well.  I would recommend a higher floor if available because Lexington can be noisy at some times of the day.  Boutique hotel feel
bubble_40	The hotel is in a relatively quiet area of NYC so not much noise at night. The room was small but I guess this is standard for NYC. The bed is large and extremely comfortable and soft. Unfortunately I have to agree with previous comments on the aircon - it is very noisy so you have to turn it off at night time, there is no way you could sleep with it on. There is a small safe to put valuables. The bathroom was clean but water pressure in the shower not great. I liked the free bottles of water each day. The breakfast was self service in the lobby area and consisted of pastries, coffee and juice, good for people on the go. Staff were very approachable and helpful. Check in and out was quick and easy.
bubble_50	The hotel is amazing! In a nice location, small yet suitable and easy access to a lot of places. The staff is really well trained and always willing to help. Highly recommended. Great Value, the prices are decent for NYC when compared to large brand hotels. Close to two train stations for easy access to the rest of the city.
bubble_50	An excellent boutique hotel in midtown New York close to 2 metro lines.  The rooms were spacious (for New York) and very clean and in a good condition. Had all the amenities expected - hairdryer, iron and board, toiletries and they would make hot drinks on request.  There was air conditioning in the room (essential as it was 30 deg when we were there!). This ceased to work on our third day there - they came to look at it within 5 minutes of reporting it and changed our room 5 minutes later as they couldn't fix it. Excellent customer service.  There was a small free breakfast each morning consisting of pastries, fruit, orange juice and tea and coffee - perfect for a quick bite as we headed out the door. And good coffee too.  They could provide a wealth of information, including
bubble_40	Stayed here for two nights. I am used to large brand chain hotels, but the Lex staff was great and the prices were reasonable. The location is close to a bunch of the stuff I needed to get to for work. They offer a simple continental breakfast of pastries and coffee which works in a pinch when you are running out the door. My only issues were a lack of an onsite gym (not too common in NYC) and the Army barracks across the street loudly unloading equipment in the middle of the night. However, I don't know how often that happens as I was there for two nights and it only occurred during one of them. Definitely recommend if you don't need a ton of space (the rooms are small, but very functional).
bubble_50	Let's face it, there's a lot to be said about a chain hotel room when you are a road warrior.  You know exactly what to expect, you get points for staying and generally have a bunch of amenities.  Now, this is not the case with boutique hotels, but in this case, I lucked out with the Lex.  It's in a convenient location on Lexington between 25th and 26th streets.  I immediately loved both the exterior and reception spot.  Check in was fine and, after requesting a fridge in my room, I went upstairs to settle in.  Next thing I know, the phone rings in the room - the young woman who checked me in asking if everything met my expectations.  What a great idea!  The fridge arrived not long after.  The room is perfectly adequate, although it would be nice to have a chest of drawers for
bubble_50	Stayed at The Lex NYC in room 404 from 3rd to 8th May 2016 and couldn't have been happier. The room was more than big enough for the large bed, cupboard space and our two big cases. It was kept spotlessly clean. A large flat screen TV on the wall and a lovely bathroom. There were also two USB charging ports next to the bed.The reception staff were all very friendly and exceptionally helpful (thanks to Alex specifically). Not only does this hotel deserve its high ranking but it is excellently positioned to walk everywhere south of Central Park (which is all you need to see). Back in January 2017!
bubble_40	We chose the LEX Boutique Hotel because of the location and price.  We were attending an event at NYU and the LEX was convenient and economical.  The room was small, as expected for a Boutique Hotel, but clean with all the necessities for a one or two night stay.  The bathroom was large for the size of the room, clean, and bright and had very nice complementary shampoo, conditioner, etc. Finally, we found the bed to be comfortable and the linens of good quality.
bubble_50	We absolutely loved our stay at The Lex NYC! From the helpful staff who always greet you with a smile, to close by subway access, clean and tidy room...this place was a great stay. As we are on our honeymoon they gave us a room upgrade and bottle of wine. For NYC we were expecting some noise but didn't have any! We would certainly stay here again
bubble_30	Hotel is clean and in a very good location.  Rooms are small, sparse and not very warm or inviting.  Very, very basic.  Air-conditioning was noisy.  Staff is efficient and pleasant, but not really that friendly  Continental breakfast was very good.  I work in NYC and stay in lots of hotels,  I have no reason to return to this estabilishment.
bubble_40	Conveniently located near Madison Square Park, the Flatiron building, and Chelsea.  Easy access to subway.  Reasonably priced parking lot less than 2 blocks away (on Third Avenue--reception can direct you).  The staff members are thoughtful and helpful.  Even though service is basic at this hotel, there are nice touches: provided hot tea for me when I was ready to turn in, great coffee and other goodies for the continental breakfast in the lobby.  Room decor is spare but modern.  Lighting options in the room are good.  There are places to plug in electronic devices without having to move furniture or cross the room to answer your cell phone.  The shower was large and clean.  Bedding above average for room in this price range.  The only drawback was the all-too-common noisy
bubble_50	Every staff member here is super friendly and helpful. The room, while small by choice, was extremely clean and elegant. The breakfast is simple but of good quality with fresh fruit, pastries, and hot or cold classic breakfast drinks including more than decent coffee.
bubble_50	The hotel is busy funky and cool. Lovely gym,great safe in rooms, and all clean tidy and central. The only complaint I would have is the concierge asked for a tip otherwise was a brilliant hotel would recommend
bubble_50	The Lex is an amazing boutique hotel. All the staff are very attentive and go over and  beyond be helpful. The rooms are clean, up to date and comfortable. Free wifi! YES! Great coffee in the mornings! YES! Great central location! YES!
bubble_50	Stayed overnight again, and happy to report that all was as uniformly positive as the first time.  Friendly staff, clean, classy, and cheerful accommodations, great location. Excellent value in NYC for the price.
bubble_50	We visited for 5 nights. The Hotel was clean and efficient. Ideal because it's very close to the the main tourist sites. Complimentary breakfast  (pastries and fruit) and bottled water in the room is an added bonus. The staff were great and we're on the ball with directions and information. Thoroughly recommend.
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great location, right on Lexington Avenue.  The breakfast of croissants and coffee were free in the lobby, and after the hours stated, which was much appreciated.  This hotel is perfect for a single business traveler.
bubble_30	Can't quite believe how highly rated this hotel is. I was  disappointed with the room with a very small bed and no drawers to keep my clothes. The staff were very attentive though vacuuming the adjoining room before 10am wasn't great after my night on the town. Overall not a great experience and somewhere i can't imagine going back to. though the free breakfast and reasonable location are plus points.
bubble_40	This is a boutique hotel with all the personal touches.  Staff are very accommodating and helpful.  Complimentary continental breakfast is great to set you up for the day. 24 hour service, so don't worry if you come in late and need a hot drink to warm you up, or ice to continue with your party fun!  Rooms are kept very clean and linen changed daily. Great location together around the corner from the metro.  10 minutes away from Times Sq, where all the action is at.  The location is in a quite area, which means you get the best of both worlds.  Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Just stayed 5 nights here good place to stay, very clean with all the facilities for a short stay. Desk staff very helpful and polite, nothing is to much for them. Daily breakfast is coffee and pastries but there are plenty of eateries in the vicinity If you in New York as a tourist ask at the desk about the Big bus tour packages, they cover all the major attractions and is really good value. Would definitely use again if going back to New York.
bubble_40	Staff were incredibly friendly and location was excellent. It was very easy to grab a taxi or take the different subway lines [6, N, R] to wherever we needed to go. We were able to walk to the Flatiron Building, Empire State Building, Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station, etc. easily and quickly.  Walls were a bit thin, but I'd definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	would recommend. nice room, very clean.  good location, close to subway. nice restaurants nearby. the complimentary coffee, fruit and pastries were a great touch as it was easy to grab a quick bite and take coffee to go in the morning. the room was spotless and well kept throughout our stay.  less street noise at night too.
bubble_50	Great price and location.  Easy walk to subway and great restaurants (we love Turkish Kitchen Sunday brunch - make reservations).  Omar and Andrew at the front desk were super nice and helped us a lot with directions, etc.
bubble_50	Lovely clean, friendly hotel. Rooms are quite small but set our well so good use of space. Lovely bathroom. Front desk friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a welcomed bonus. Lovely muffins and pastries. Subway close. I would stay here again and recommend to others.
bubble_50	Stayed one night with my boyfriend  Very nice and clean hotel, at a great price. Look for deals online! :)  Conveniently located - very easy to get to the subway  While the rooms are a bit small, they really utilised the space nicely and fit in everything you could need.   Service was great - for example, the room didn't have a mini fridge so we asked the front desk to store our leftovers in their refrigerator. I got hungry in the middle of the night and the person at the front desk was extremely friendly and helped me get my food.   Overall we had a great weekend and would definitely stay at The Lex again!
bubble_50	My partner booked a weekend at The Lex for as part of my 40th birthday celebrations. He chose this hotel because it is across from the Lexington Armory, where we were going to the Craft Beer Fest. This was extremely convenient!!! I was beyond happy with our stay at The Lex. First, the staff was great.They were extremely friendly and made you feel very welcome. This is really important to me personally. The Hotel itself is a boutique, so there aren't many amenities. They provide a free continental breakfast every morning and offered coffee and tea brought to the room if we liked. The room itself was nice. Very clean, with plenty of room for two. The bathroom was also really clean and well kept.  We had a small balcony and while the view wasn't spectacular, it was still a nice
bubble_50	Before finding this hotel on TripAdvisor, I had never heard of it. The location was great for my business needs, the price was very competitive, and the reviews were good, so I booked it. The hotel was very convenient, the staff members were very pleasant, and the room was small yet very comfortable, clean, well designed and modern. I definitely want to come back!
bubble_30	OVERALL, the hotel is extremely fashionable and trendy. The rooms are reasonably sized, and comfortable, and the staff at the main desk is friendly.  However, I never been at a hotel with ruder housekeeping.   I had a long flight, and I desperately needed to sleep through the day, so I went out and got lunch for about a few hours and when I got back, my room wasn't made.  Now that isn't a huge problem, as I can't expect the staff to know when I would return, although I did put up the sign that says "Please clean my room."  However, once I went back to my room to try and get some rest, 3 members of the staff approached my door in a 1 hour period.   1. The first guy was nice, asked if i needed service. I said not right now, he asked when would be a good time and that they had to
bubble_40	Overall I'd recommend this hotel. I was a single female traveller and it was fine for my needs. It's between 23rd and 28th on line 6. There's quite a lot around, seemed to be some good bars and restaurants, which I didn't sample being on my own. But I was fine wondering around at night. Breakfast is pastries muffins and fruit, nowhere to sit really but happy to have in room. The lobby has a cool vibe but the rooms are not as cool, they seem a bit tired - could do with new carpet. They're also a bit narrow but fine if it's just you! Overall this was good value and would be a good base in ny. Staff were helpful.
bubble_50	The hotel entrance in understated, and upon entering I felt the good vibe of this neat little hotel.  The front desk staff were consumate professionals, efficient and welcoming.  Our room was clean and tidy, and appeared to have been recently renovated.  The continental breakfast was adequate, and the coffee quite good.  I'd definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	I stayed at the Lex for 3 nights at the beginning of March and I couldn't recommend it enough. Really friendly staff, clean and modern rooms with lots of extra bonuses such as the in room chargers for all adapters and free wifi all over the hotel.
bubble_50	First time we almost missed the hotel as it only has a small entrance and lobby. The staff is really friendly and was always helpful. Baggage storage was also not an issue. Rather small breakfast in the morning in the lobby but had all what you need. Rooms were new, clean, large  bathroom, comfy bed. Got also a sheet with information on restaurants in the area. Tried eately (good for lunch) and blue smoke barbecue (great - don't forget to reserve). Will definitely stay the next time in the Lex!
bubble_50	I stayed at Distrikt on 02/20/16 and this hotel exceeded my expectations. Upon my arrival I was pre checked in by Junior who was very pleasant and helpful. My room wasn't ready yet (at 1pm), but it was fine because my friends and I had plans. We stored our bags and went to brunch. Once my room was ready, I received a call which from Junior. Upon my arrival back to the hotel, Eddine checked me in and let me know that my room was upgraded (awesome!!). The room was in great condition, with a great view of Times Sqaure, comfortable beds, and a very nice bathroom. The personalized note in the room was also very nice touch! Overall the staff were very nice and helpful; special thanks to Hugo, Eddine, and Junior! You guys are awesome. My friends and I will definitely be back.
bubble_50	We love the Gramercy area and just discovered this hotel.  The rooms are very well appointed, clean and nice. The staff are friendly, efficient and helpful and I loved how low key the lobby was - I really enjoyed not being pressured by a flock of doormen on entrance.  There was a bit of street noise in the night but it wasn't bad. The rooms are also a little bit small (NYC style) but for the price the hotel offers great value. I highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	The staff is so incredible and friendly and willing to please. I was alone during the blizzard and wanted someone to go out and take pictures of me making snow angels. One of the employees went with me. This is a very affordable hotel and well worth it
bubble_50	Spent 2 nights this past weekend and had s great time. The hotel is spotless and the front desk was super helpful. My room wasn't ready when arrived but they held my luggage and brought it up to my room when it was. They called a few minutes after to make sure everything was okay and did I need anything.   I will defiantly stay here again.
bubble_40	It's a boutique hotel. Stayed here one night. It's not as fancy as other big chain hotels. Meaning there isn't a lot of furniture in the room. It's kind of bare in comparison. But the hotel is super clean. All of the furniture is up to date and nice. The bathroom was clean and updated. I really didn't have any problems with this place. Front desk was nice.  We arrived about 2 hours before check in and they were able to let us up in our room. I would stay here again.
bubble_40	Spent 3 nights at The Lex Hotel for our first trip to New York. The hotel is fantastic value for money and we received great service from all staff members which included printing tickets and advice for eating out.   The rooms are basic but very comfortable. More than enough space for two people and a small amount of luggage, plenty of plug sockets too. There is no wardrobe space but plenty of hangers available. The room was a good temperature and the heating system was easy to understand. Our bathroom was quite cold however with a slight draft through the window but this may have been due to the -15c temperatures outside. Despite this there was no noise from the road or any other of the rooms, the room looked out onto a water tower.   The room was well cleaned every day and we
bubble_50	This boutique hotel is awesome!!! Let's begin saying I went in peak winter season but the personel makes this a warm place to stay.... Thanks to Omar, Alex, Odalys, Andrew who knew how to treat the hotel guests in a personal and caring way. Nice room and bath size, enjoyed the morning continental breakfast. Would definitely go back when visiting NY. Lots of restaurants nearby and close to subways.
bubble_40	We had a great stay at the Lex. The location is very nice and convenient, close to subway, caf's and restaurants. The staff was helpful and did the little extra for us, we had a problem with our air condition and they handled that very professional.
bubble_40	Quick staycation with the wife. Fantastic location in a great neighborhood. So much nearby. Close to subway, Madison square park and all the area has to offer. Great for a stroll and food tastings. Highly recommend. Clean room, courteous staff.
bubble_40	I stayed here in February 2016 for 2 nights.  The hotel is warm, welcoming and comfortable. My room was exactly as described online and had a balcony and a patio door. Whilst the view was of a giant hot water tank, the ability to let fresh air into the room was much appreciated.   The bed was comfortable and the bathroom spacious given the size and price of the room. Everything was clean.  Staff were friendly and helpful and I was able to check in 5 hours early and also leave a little late when waiting for an airport pickup.   Good value and well presented hotel - I'll return.
bubble_50	I had such a wonderful experience here! It was exactly what I was looking for- a wonderfully priced, clean, no-frills hotel. I wasn't looking for anything luxurious because who goes on a vacation to spend most of their time in the hotel! I was pleasantly surprised by how great the customer service was and how clean the facilities were for how little I paid to spend two nights there with my boyfriend.  The front desk was very cordial and accommodating- we had arrived earlier than check-in but they were able to arrange a room for us despite our early arrival. Our room was extremely clean- the sheets, the bathroom, and what have you. They were even nice enough to provide two water bottles, complimentary on the hotel, and the bathroom was equipped with nicer-than-usual, hotel
bubble_50	I have recently got back from a 4 day trip to NYC, my first visit in fact. I arrived early and a room wasn't free yet so I dropped off my bags and went exploring, which was no problem with me. When I return my room was ready and I had been upgraded to a larger room which was great. The room was airy, modern and very clean and I had plenty of room. The location is just a short walk from the subway (6 line). What makes this hotel is the service, I consider myself well travelled and have to say this is the best customer service I have had at a hotel. Staff where friendly and welcoming, and genuinely wanted to help. I will most certainly go back to New York and The Lex will always be my hotel of choice.
bubble_50	We had fantastic customer service from all the staff, from arriving Carolyn on reception was really helpful throughout our stay, the house keeper Jessie was lovely and courteous, all the guys on reception(sorry I do not know names) were also so helpful,the room was great, no view , but we didn't care about that , the room was clean tidy and quiet, the bathroom was large , clean and offered everything required, we had a welcome reception of drinks and snacks on the Tuesday evening, again very nice , there is nothing bad about this lovely hotel, it is also situated on Lexington avenue between 25/26th street so midtown ish, we spent lots of time lower Manhattan so it suited us fine. Thank you to the Lex Boutique , we will be back on our next visit from UK
bubble_50	We headed to NYC during the week to see a concert. We were looking for a hotel close to the venue and wasn't going to cost  an arm and leg. We found the Lex, a small boutique hotel. Cost was $150 for a standard room, which was a perfect price point. The staff was fantastic, rooms were small and clean, and checkout was a breeze. We will definitely come back to this hotel.
bubble_50	Enjoyed our stay at this hotel and the staff were super friendly and helpful. Booked a small room, but the air con unit was faulty so they immediately moved us to a another larger room without any fuss. The hotel was near the Flatiron district which has a good selection of cool bars and restaurants and was an equal distance between Time Square and Greenwich/Chelsea areas.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex over NYE and couldn't have been happier.  The staff were very friendly and accommodating (allowing us a very early check in at 10:30 after a red eye flight) and our rooms were cleaned with incredible care and detail (especially on the 1st after a boozy night out...sorry ladies!) The location is perfect in my opinion.  We easily walked most places in about half an hour to an hour but if the subway is your thing it's also a 3 minute walk to the nearest station.  A bus also cruises along Lexington and takes you north or down to East Village.  We were shocked at how quiet our room was and for the little sleep we got while visiting the city it was uninterrupted. We were pretty jet-lagged and never awake early enough for the breakfast but I'm sure it was great
bubble_50	We stayed here for a week over New Year. The staff are really friendly and helpful. Fantastic little Gem central NYC! Couldn't have asked for a better stay. Strongly recommend it and will be coming back without hesitation!!! The rooms are great and hotel very central and close to Madison square park.
bubble_50	Christmas in New York is so magical! The Lexinton Hotel is the best place to stay for price, location and Hospitality!!    Mia the manager was amazing! When I had an issue with a credit card. She took care of it right away..  Also accommodating up with rooms right next to each other.    When checking into our rooms.. We were welcomed with a delicious bottle of wine...   We will definitely be back again.. Thanks from the Ryan family!
bubble_50	We were in NYC to look for an apartment and we stayed at the Lex after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. The front desk folks were fantastic. (Thanks Wellington and Caroline!) We had a Queen Supreme room with a small balcony nestled in between other buildings. The room was super-quiet and comfortable, plus the bathroom design rocked! We would definitely recommend the Lex to couples visiting NYC. This is a truly wonderful hotel.
bubble_50	Felt lucky to find hotel at last minute for the busiest holiday weekend in December.  About a 20 minute walk from Penn Station.  This is a boutique-type hotel with recently modernized and nicely renovated rooms, although a little small.  Room overlooked water cistern so was quiet, although there actually was a small balcony and the window did open for night air.  Very comfortable bed and soft linens.  Plenty of room on bath vanity for toiletries.  WiFi free and easy to connect. Continental breakfast provided, and fruit (Fiji, not Delicious, apples!) but there are eateries nearby also.   Friendly and accommodating front desk, but no real sitting area in lobby for guests.
bubble_50	Went there for one night to attend a conference at a nearby hospital. Great neighborhood with nice places to eat, great price. It's a great place for a quick visit, rooms are small but not terribly so, staff is courteous
bubble_50	Very welcoming staff-notably Carol for us,but all friendly and helpful-in a very laidback hotel. Felt so comfortable here, nice bed, good room layout in superior queen, basic furnishings and storage is a little limited but everything really nice quality-love the nightlight in the bathroom, toiletries, the shower tub. Back facing room pretty quiet (apart from AC). Excellent pastries and muffins for breakfast, and loved grabbing a coffee and a piece of fruit as we left in the morning-plenty of choice when we were around but we were up and out early (its NYC, we weren't going to lie in!) 10 mins to subway (6 train for north/south travel), can walk to Empire State in 15 mins, Times Sq or East Village in 30. Amazing range of eateries and bars on neighbouring 3rd Ave. Would hugely
bubble_40	Nice hotel with lovely, welcoming reception area and most of the staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was clean and we slept extremely well (at the back of the hotel) for the 6 nights we were there, once we had unplugged the noisy air con/heating system! The hotel is located in a fairly quiet spot so ideal for a good night's sleep. It's just a 5 minute walk to the nearest subway station but be prepared for reasonably long walks to some of the main tourist spots and there is a LOT of walking in NYC!   The room has almost everything you need: hair dryer, iron and ironing board, small wardrobe, tv, alarm clock. The cozy room is certainly on the cosy side but it was more than adequate. The only problem is there isn't anywhere to store a suitcase or store clothes, other
bubble_50	Great little hotel in NYC. Small but extremely clean and comfortable for a short stay in NYC. We stopped for 4 nights and couldn't fault the hotel or the staff. Everyone was really welcoming and friendly. Great continental breakfast every morning - coffee, orange juice, fruit, gorgeous pastries. Great location for all main attractions, either by subway or walking. Just make sure the taxi drivers take you to the correct hotel - be specific, give the full address not just hotel name, otherwise you get taken to The Lexington (a completely different hotel). Definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	We were really relieved to be able to check in early on arrival, thank you! The room was spotlessly clean although really quite small, I thought the night light in the bathroom was a nice idea.  We were impressed by the location - for the 23rd St subway make sure you go down the right side of the road for Uptown/Downtown as there's no crossover once underground.  The staff were really helpful and they left a nice note and some cupcakes as we were celebrating a special occasion. We also sampled the complementary cheese and wine on the Tuesday evening, lovely!  Only downsides - the road outside was really noisy with traffic/horns/sirens and the window didn't keep much of this out, thankfully we were really tired. Air con was also really noisy and woke me up as it was right next to
bubble_30	OK for personal use but a tiny room (even for NYC) with no room to unpack or work. Allowing next door's bathroom to take up a quarter of your room might make sense for the architect but not for the resident, particularly when you hear the toilet flush feet from your head. That said its clean and reasonable in other ways so if you don't plan on spending any time there is lots fine.
bubble_50	My friend and I stayed here for 4 nights and it was fantastic. Check in was quick and easy and we were upgraded to a standard room which by New York standards was huge! The bathroom was great, the bed comfy and had all of the amenities we needed. Free wifi another plus! The staff were amazingly helpful, even printing some tickets off for us and looking after our cases. Check out was at 12pm which gave us more time in the city. The location is great with a shop right next door and the nearest subway about 5 minutes away. A very easy walk to the flatiron building and surrounding area. All in all a fantastic hotel, at an absolute bargain price. I would recommend to anyone and wouldn't hesitate in staying there again. Thank you lex!!!!
bubble_50	Superb cosy hotel.   This hotel is excellent value for money and I can't stress how superb the customer service was. This made our holiday.  Myself and my friend would definitely stay here again. Check out was midday making the holiday even more pleasurable.   -greeted by excellent customer service everyday  -free bottles water daily in the room was a nice touch.  -we were upgraded to larger room -we needed to print basketball tickets as the e-mail confirmation arrived when we were there . Reception kindly printed them.  -Location was perfect. Nearest tube/underground station about 6 mins walk. 24hr mc Donald's 6 mins walk & Duane Reade near by with local shop next door.  -Wifi: perfect & free   -Cleanliness : excellent  -Lift: spacious  -Air con & heating: superb all manually
bubble_50	We booked this small but nice and cozy boutique hotel through Orbitz as part of a package for our anniversary weekend.  The place was cozy but very clean and very convenient walking  to several restaurants, including Spice Symphony and the Empire State Bldg.  The staff was very nice, they had a convenience store next door, and they were 1 block from the 6 line on the metro.    We will DEFINITELY  stay here again when we return in February.  We loved it and the prices, for NYC, were super affordable.
bubble_50	I stayed here for one week on business and loved this hotel.  The staff were so friendly and warm.  The continental breakfast was perfect with hot coffee, fresh croissants and some fruit.  The room was nice and comfortable, I slept great and the noise from Lexington was not as bad as I thought it would be.  The location was great, close to delicious restaurants and there was always a lot going on in the neighborhood.  If you are OK with a no frills hotel definitely stay here, you will not be disappointed.
bubble_50	This gem was a wonderful find. I found a great rate for one of their smaller rooms, called a cozy room, by waiting till the day I stayed to book. Although room was small, it was all I needed. Very clean and contemporary. They offered a free continental breakfast which was very nice. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Free wifi. Hotel is located in the Murray hill section of NY which is close to many great things to do. It's a 10 minute walk from the east village which I visited. I will definitely stay here again
bubble_40	We recently stayed in NYC for a week for a work trip.  I travel to NY for work about every 2 months and stay at a different hotel every time, but this may be my new favorite location.  My wife came with me this time, it was her first trip to NYC and this hotel was a great place for her to stay.  Great cafe's and restaurants nearby.  Madison Park has a Shake Shake in the middle of it.  The front desk staff was outstanding!  Always welcoming us as we came and went and providing excellent directions which is not always the case at hotels in the city.  Our room was a bit cramped, but very clean and it included complimentary bottled water in the room.  If you planning to stay for longer than a few days, you can request a refrigerator and if available, you can have it in your room
bubble_40	Stayed here while on US holiday earlier this month (Nov 2015); nice little hotel in a prime location (just few blocks away from Empire State and New York Metro)  Very friendly front desk staff (sorry I forgot to note down her name); she was always happy to assist you - be it with city information or something to do with the room. our room was very spacious, but on ground floor.. fairly modern and clean.  I liked everything about this hotel except for breakfast; it was basic continental style serving which was fine for me.. but the thing I did not like was that they do not serve breakfast after 9am. We were at the counter one day 10 minutes past 9am, and there was absolutely nothing to eat except for a single crossaint (and it was a Sunday).   Considering few travellers do wake
bubble_50	Room:  Small yet plenty of room for the two of us. Probably the cleanest hotel room I've ever stayed in which is saying a lot because I am nearly neurotic when it comes to hotel cleanliness.  It was a wonderful respite after spending the day on the crowded, chaotic streets of NYC. Plenty of space in modern bathroom, I especially appreciated the blow dryer that was NOT attached to the wall and actually worked like a normal hair dryer.  Small closet with a safe, hangers, and an iron/ironing board.  Large window overlooking Lexington Ave.  Quiet and efficient A/C/heating unit.  Comfortable, firm (but not hard) queen mattress, nice linens.   Neighborhood:  Very easy walking distance to subways, restaurants, drug store, Madison Square Park, Flatiron district and Gramercy park. Very
bubble_50	Fabulous hotel , wonderful working team , hotel very clean , Room cleaning everyday Coffee , Orange juice and Water bottles are free . Im french and i found some very nice pastries(ptisseries). Elevator/good design No noise and good location i recommend to all , see you soon. Manon and Sylvain
bubble_50	We are currently in the Lex hotel, our 4th night out of 9. Everything is really great in this hotel.  The hotel is quite recent and modern decorated, music in the lobby, personal very polite and sympathetic (i.e they call you 2 min after entry in your room to be sure that you are fine with the room! :-)) Our room has a reasonable size considering that you are in the heart of Manhattan, big enough for a couple. Our room is very clean, the bathroom too, the cleaning service is really good, fresh mineral water bottles in your room every day. Modern and nice bathroom.  Small breakfast in the morning from 7 to 9am, with coffee, tea, milk, orange juice, fruits, pastries...  Our room is at the last floor, 7th, street side, which offer a great NY view and you hear quite well the
bubble_50	We stayed for 7 nights and could not find a fault. Everything from a speedy check in, helpful staff, good size room (for NYC standards) and a great location with lots of bus and subway options nearby and some good bar and restaurants. Union Square and Flatiron District close by and easy bus ride to Lower East side and West Village for exploring. We asked for a room on a high floor and at the back of the hotel which was organised so it was nice and quiet at night/morning.  Everything you needed was in the room including a lovely power shower.  The breakfast on offer was more than adequate and replenished regularly.  We loved the touch of a note and chocolates in our room when we arrived to wish my husband a happy 50th birthday. A nice touch.  We've visited NYC several times over
bubble_50	We have been 5 nights in this nice and friendly hotel. The hotel is modern, clean and has a good style. The staff was very friendly in particularly the receptionist. She was very friendly and supportive! The breakfast although small in variety was good in quality and consisted of fruit, pastries and beverages in the reception area with a view on the street and an interesting armory building. Thanks a lot for the nice stay in NYC...
bubble_50	A lovely modern boutique hotel. Fast friendly check-in by Wellington. The location was perfect for visiting all the places we wanted to go to and only a short walk from the Empire State building. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The room was a little smaller than we were expecting but this didn't matter as we didn't spend much time in it as there were so many places to visit.  The room was very clean and modern with handy phone charging points.  Breakfast was served nice and early at 7 am and there was a range of fresh pastries and tea/coffee available which was perfectly adequate.
bubble_50	I travel to New York regularly and struggle to find a good and affordable hotel. I have now found it. I almost don't want to review the Lex as I want to be able to always get a room there!  The Lex is situated well in east mid-town near the little India restaurants. The rooms are reasonably sized and the fittings new. There is a light buffet breakfast and the internet works well. The staff are pleasant and helpful.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Lex for 6 days and we were hugely impressed with it. The staff were always friendly and the room was perfect for our stay. The room itself is decent in size, the bathroom is pleasantly bigger than I imagined and has strong WiFi connection and a TV with over 100 channels.  This was our first time in New York and this hotel certainly made our stay pleasant. Special mention to Wellington on reception who was super nice and friendly.  An amazing holiday.
bubble_40	I had a business meeting in New York City on the east side and decided to stay at this small boutique hotel.  I checked in around 5 PM, and they were having wine and cheese in the lobby for  all guests. The lobby is quite tiny, but it is a nice touch and appreciated.  The hotel staff were attentive, and very nice. I had forgotten my toothbrush and some other items and they took care of it quickly.  Omar at the front desk was kind and helpful.  In the morning they have a small continental breakfast with Croissant and coffee, Everything was fresh and nice!  The Decour is modern and the place is very small, intimate and clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who needs to be in the area and enjoys smaller hotels off the beaten path.
bubble_50	Upon arrival we were checked in promptly and handed some information about the local area - where to eat close by etc. We tried several of these recommendations during our stay and all proved to be good. The following morning, after breakfast, which was perfectly satisfactory and replenished frequently, we were given a map and directions to the nearest metro stops etc. We mentioned that we wanted to book a boat trip and the concierge then did this for us to save us having to queue for tickets (upon arrival at the circle line booking office we just had to swap our vouchers for boarding passes for the boat). We were greeted with a friendly smile and enquires about out day every time we returned. The room (cosy queen) was fine, and always clean. A little on the small side but we'd
bubble_40	Lex Hotel has a great location.  Walk around the neighborhood and you can see the true face of downtown Manhattan.  A melting pot where you can find Chinese, indian, Japanese, Lebanese, Thai food around the area.  It is also within walking distance to 5th, 6th avenue...  It is a boutique hotel, with small room (but clean and comfy).  So, for family of 3, we had to take 2 rooms, which was not ideal (don't think they offer bigger rooms for 3 or more).  Breakfast is very simple, just pastries and coffee (but a lot of good breakfast place around the area).  The staff service is good and pleasant.
bubble_50	I've stayed here a couple of times. Staff is wonderful. Rooms are small but stylish and CLEAN. Free breakfast is a definite plus. Corner rooms are a bit bigger. Cozy queens are VERY cozy. Standard are fine.
bubble_50	I've never felt the need or had the desire to write a review before but having stayed at the Lex for a week I just had to let others know what they would be missing if they didn't stay at the Lex!!  We arrived very tired after a long day travelling to be met by the first smiling face I had seen since landing !! The young lady swiftly checked us in and we were soon asleep in our lovely bed. The room isn't big but is extremely well appointed, ours was quiet and had a small balcony !! Morning came with our first look at daylight in nyc !! The breakfast was fresh , coffee hot and in fact we had it everyday for our 7 day stay.  Not knowing where anything was we asked the guys in reception who were not only knowledgable but friendly and funny too. They gave us help and useful tips
bubble_50	As soon as we walked into the lex, we were greeted by a very happy Angelica who recommended places to eat and go in and around NY. Our room was very comfortable and very tidy and the cleaners did a brilliant job replacing towels and such even when we hadn't asked them to!! The atmosphere throughout the whole hotel was lovely and there was no hesitation from the staff when we required some help or needed information! Wellington organised our taxi back to the airport for us aswell as recommending a fantastic Italian which is just around the corner. I very much recommend this place to stay whether it's your first, second or 100th time in NY!!
bubble_50	We Stayed in the lex for 4 nights in October 2015, upon arrival we were greeted and checked in by the most lovely lady who helped us get to grips with where we were and recommended us some places to try ( BLUE SMOKE IS A MUST, only a block away and was the best place we ate, along with their neighbours Itruilli) the rooms were very comfortable and spotlessly clean, as they were every day when we returned from looking around the city, the staff really make this place, so friendly and helpful, whether it comes to places to eat or just information about the city they knew it all, and were never wrong! And Wellington was awesome! Location wise you can't get much better, short walk to time square, and all the important places, but just enough off the main streets to not be too
bubble_50	My husband and I could not have been happier staying in such a nice hotel.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The location was perfect for us.  The room was clean  & compact. Who needs a big room when you should be exploring NYC?Would stay again!
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex for 4 nights ! We arrived to a warm welcome ! Our rooms were very spacious especially by NY standards and the bed very comfy just what we needed after a day pounding the streets ! The bathroom was lovely with complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer. But it was the staff who made our stay extra special ! Nothing was too much trouble and they were a mine of information ! Would definitely stay again and recommend to anyone wanting a fab hotel in a good location . Many thanks x
bubble_40	If you are the kind of person that needs a hotel where you can lounge in the lobby, have a drink or a soda after a long day etc, The Lex is not your place. But if you are looking for a nice place to stay when in NYC, this might be your thing. Very nice and service minded staff, clean rooms and good location. The rooms facing the back are both bigger and more quiet, so ask for one of them.  The breakfast is simple and something you could take on the go, but why not eat out when you visit New York?   The Lex is good value for money, if there is such a thing on Manhattan.
bubble_40	The hotel is modern and clean with a sleek vibe.  The staff is EXCELLENT.  The continental breakfast has nice fresh fruits, a variety of pastries, but no protein.  Fresh ice water with fresh lemons is always available in the lobby...even at 2:00 am.  When I requested tea in the evening it was delivered to my room.  Rooms are small and closet space is limited.
bubble_40	The Lex offers great value (on the NYC-scale) on a nice location.  The Lex is located on Lexington ave. , between 25th og 26th street.  Madison Square Park / 5th ave / and the Flatiron bld. is just a 5-7 min walk away.  The Empire State bld. 7-10 min. and Macys about 15 min.  Several Subway stations nearby.  Rooms at the back are very quiet, and you are not likely to be kept awake by traffic or discos. Rooms in the back also seems to be a little bit more spacious.   Staff is friendly and helpful.   Luggage storage between you checkout and departure is managed by staffed and seems to be safe. (Luggage are kept in a locked room)   All in all, The Lex gives great value for money if you're looking for a clean place to sleep and rest, without the need of spa, room service, a fancy
bubble_50	We chose this hotel based on trip advisor reviews, knowing nothing about NYC.  We felt very lucky our entire week there.  We paid alittle more for a room on the top floor, near the back.  We heard absolutely no noise, till our very last night, and that was a party in a neighboring building, and it didn't last after about 9:30 pm. The room was a pleasant size and very clean.  All the staff were consistently pleasant and very helpful, we dealt mostly with Andrew in the mornings, but again, they were all great.  It was an easy walk to a very central subway station, plus walkable in general. We felt safe in the area.  The only complaint would be fairly firm beds, but that's very subjective...it was offset by how quiet it was.  Very good AC also.  There were multiple restaurants
bubble_40	We spent a week at the Lex NYC and enjoyed the impeccable service, the well maintained room fitted with modern technology (AC, internet) that really worked as well as the decent location. The main negatives were the fairly small room and the breakfast. While croissants and pastries were excellent, the breakfast was being served in the fairly tiny and cold lobby (and not in a separate room with chairs and tables). As a European, I missed orange juice, bread and butter and a decent seating option for breakfast. Compared to other NY hotels, the service and the well maintained rooms provide good value for money, while the decent location (5 minutes walk to the subway) gives you easy access to the metro. Quite a few good restraurants within a five minutes walk (Blue Smoke, Amber,
bubble_50	Great location in the middle of Manhattan, quite  a small hotel but with excellent staff. Wellington on reception was wealth of local knowledge, very hospitable and a caring laid back manner! Easy walking distance to Empire State Building and must go to Madison Park for a burger at the Shake Shak.  at the hotel the rooms are compact very clean and a perfect retreat after a days exploring. Try Big Daddies Diner a few blocks away for a great breakfast. Would recommend this hotel with no hesitation.
bubble_50	The Lex is a nice out of the way hotel located on Lexington Ave. between 26th and 27th Sts, on Manhattan's East Side. It is away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square but only a short $10 to $12 dollar cab ride away. The room was spacious enough and the bed was fairly comfortable(though a bit firm for my taste). It was spotlessly clean and even had a small veranda with a chaise lounge. The one problem I did encounter was that the shower was turned on by pulling on a knob attached to spigot, something I did not know and after I searched for the way to turn the shower on for about five minutes I decided to call the desk. But the fellow who answered the phone was very helpful. I got the feeling I was not the first person to encounter this problem. All in all though my stay at
bubble_50	Stayed at the Lex with my boyfriend and it was amazing.  Great location and steps to the subway made it easy to get around.  The staff was fantastic and helpful for recommendations.  The room was clean and the bed was great.  Even the general manager introduced himself and made sure we were taken care of.  Great experience all round.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at The Lex for five days the end of August and into September.  As first time travelers to NYC, I spent tons of time reading reviews and made my decision to stay at this hotel based on TA recommendations.  We stayed in room 607, which has a queen bed and nice bathroom with a small balcony.  The balcony faced the exterior of other buildings so visually not appealing, but a nice way to catch a breath of air in the morning, rather than hanging out on the street.  The room was adequate for the two of us.  Comfortable bed and most of all, clean!  They do supply a hair dryer.  Only improvement I could make would be to put a small 3 drawer dresser under the TV for those of us that like to unpack and stay organized.  The breakfast offerings were good enough for
bubble_40	We arrived before check-in and the couple in front of us got the last room so I waited on the couch in the small but cute lobby.  I could hear the front desk person, Wellington, dealing with guests in person and on the phone and he was just so likable and professional I didn't get annoyed when our room wasn't ready until after check-in time.  He called me over and said they had upgraded us to the next level of room due to the wait.  It was very nice of the hotel given we don't have status there.  Wellington is definitely a great employee and they are lucky to have him!  The room we had was still small but definitely enough space for what we needed.  The bathroom was about the same size as the room so plenty of room in there.  The room was very clean.  We didn't get to see the
bubble_40	We visited Sep 2015. great location , very attentive helpful staff.they even serve a complimentary breakfast . First room we got was small but we got upgraded the second night at no additional cost to a ,  .fantastic quiet larger room. It was also Very clean
bubble_50	At first I thought I picked a place too far from where I needed to be & that it was more money than I should've spent on a room. Wellington & another man greeted us when we arrived & helped with our bags. We had a red eye flight and arrived a few hours earlier than check in but we were able to get into our room right away which was awesome! I brought my son out for NYU housing move in day. He was only going to stay at the Lex the first night, but then, since he & I were so busy getting him settled into the dorm, and with the NYU welcome week events he attended every night it always ended up being really late & he didn't want to bother his new roommates so he came back & stayed with me. The Lex had no problem with our change in plans and were very nice about it. Even though we
bubble_40	This is a nice hotel in a good location. The common areas are very nice and the staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are quite small which is to be expected in NYC. We were disappointed with the food in the lobby restaurant, but the wait staff was great. The lobby is always busy and bustling and you can walk to many of the sights.
bubble_50	Really lovely hotel, and quite unique. Rooms were really clean, and the staff go over and above to help you. A nice addition was complimentary wine and cheese one evening. Good location for being central to all parts of Manhattan if you want to see all parts.
bubble_40	This hotel is very well located, blocks aways from Flat Iron and Eataly as well as just a couple of blocks from the 28th st subway station. The hotel is new and rooms are average size for New York standards. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The area is surrounded by Indian restaurants.
bubble_50	I stayed here from 8th sept until 12th, really enjoyed my stay, the staff were very friendly and helpful.  i would stay here again.the room was cozy and the location was good and once i found my way around it made it easier.
bubble_50	This hotel has risen to my #1 favorite in NYC. Dina and Odalis so graciously assisted us with luggage, coffee requests, and directions. Our room was clean, the bathroom roomy, everything we needed for our stay. I will definitely return to this gem!
bubble_50	For a last minute one night stay for business, the Lex NYC had to have been  the most stress-free night I've had in NYC. I started off being greeted by Andrew at the front desk. When arriving at the hotel Andrew immediately greeted me making my experience that much, like I was at home! Furthermore Andrew was very knowledgable with the local hot spot restaurants and dining establishments of my liking; making my stay that much better! The Lex NYC offered a white glove service of cleanliness and friendliness, there's not much more you can ask for with a last minute booking.  Thank you!!
bubble_50	Hotel Lex was a perfect overnight or longer hotel. We were met by Andrew at the front desk. We travel a lot and hands down he was the friendliest , most accommodating , front desk person ever. The rooms were decorated beautiful the bed was very very comfortable. Great location. The morning we were checking out the General a manager Matthew Slippoy met us, introduced himself to us, and asked how our stay was. Boy did we ever feel important..thank you Hotel Lex we Will be back. Thanks again Hope
bubble_50	We chose to stay here forthright last night on our honeymoon. The hotel is in a fantastic location and provides  service. The hotel is very clean and the staff cannot do enough for you. We thank you for our great stay. A special mention to Andrew who was excellent at main reception.
bubble_30	We visited NYC 10-15 Aug this year. Just my wife and I so a large room wasnt top of the list of requirements. Our room was small,  a wee bit 'spartan', had minimal storage space (x1 narrow wardrobe) but did have a nice bathroom, bath & Shower. Space is at a premium in NYC so as long as you expect a bit of a squeeze it should not cause too much angst. If like us you intend to spend most of the days out exploring, the Lex is in a very good location and the the small basic rooms will not be a problem. The hotel does provide a simple continental style breakfast buffet and will also supply coffee/tea directly to your room.  The staff are all very helpful and special thanks to Salomon and Wellington for their great tips and advice during our stay. Overall the Lex Hotel is a good
bubble_40	I discovered this hotel on NightNight, it was featured among the coolest affordable hotels in NYC. Definitely a gem! Good vibes, great location with the Flatiron and Madison Square Garden a few minutes away. Rooms are simple but have nice design touches--wooden floor, black tiled bathroom. A little complimentary breakfast is also available in the morning. Really awesome value for money, I highly recommend!
bubble_40	Staying in the Lex Hotel is an experience. From the outside, the hotel appears to be just another storefront, with some barstools and a countertop. However, upon stepping in, the counter staff has a warm greeting from the start coupled with a smile.  I had Omar to help me check in, and there was barely any hassle, even though I was checking in at about noon (check in time is about 3pm) and my room was already prepared and available.  Lift service is a little slow, but at least it works. There is always the option of stairs, but luggage makes this less likely.  The room itself is a little smaller than other areas or cities, but this is New York and evidently the trend. I was staying on the 7th floor, and the water pressure was rather weak, but enough to get by. Temperature was
bubble_50	I was in the city playing host and tour guide to family from out of town , so I was looking for a simple and clean hotel knowing we wouldn't be spending a lot of time there . ( amenities were not a no 1 priority ) The lex fit the bill perfectly . The hotel is in a relatively quiet part of town if there is such a thing in NYC . The best thing about the lex are the staff , polite friendly and helpful, every single one of them . The rooms were clean and modern and the quietest room I think I have ever stayed in in NYC . If room service , a gym and a mini bar aren't high on your list of priorities then the lex is for you .
bubble_40	The Lex was conveniently located and very close to the subway. The hotel looks new and modern with a clean spacious bathroom. The staff were very friendly and professional. We got a good deal on our room for the couple nights we stayed there so it was well worth the money. I regret not stressing that i wanted a room with a view ..ours faced to boilers and a brick wall. The breakfast wasn't much ..but we didn't mind because we were preferred to eat at the many restaurants the city has to offer (if you're looking for breakfast included you might be disappointed. The staff kindly stored our luggage for an entire day after check out. Overall we were happy and would stay there again visiting NYC provided we ask for a better view.
bubble_50	Our trip to New York was made all the better from staying at the Lex. The room, although slightly on the small side when you are travelling with a baby is adequate and is most certainly excellent value for money. Very clean and modern amenities.  The staff were extremely friendly and always helpful with their recommendations...especially when it came to places to eat!  Location was excellent...in between Downtown and Midtown.
bubble_50	Our very first visit to NYC was made all the more better by staying at the Lex NYC.  From the time we pulled up to the front entrance until we checked out, the staff was courteous, helpful, and knowledgeable about our needs.  The room was clean, adequately appointed, and spacious enough considering we spent very little actual time there.  The hotel is conveniently located near two subway stations, and the continental breakfast every morning was just enough to get us started on the day's activities.  The neighborhood was generally quiet, and has many different restaurants and bars within walking distance, as well as several nice parks.
bubble_40	Shape of the room looked like a cheese wedge,  so did the bathroom as well , however it suited our needs. The shampoo and conditioner smelled like 7up and the hotel was also difficult to find as my man and I went to the Lexington hotel first , when we were told we were at the wrong hotel. The pillows were not comfortable. The shower head was lovely though !
bubble_30	Went to NYC for the weekend and wanted a decent hotel that was centrally located, clean and reasonably priced (for NYC). This is basically what we got. The hotel itself is small, the lobby and rooms are small and the elevator moves at a glacial pace. The room was clean and had A/C. The A/C unit was incredibly loud and was hard to sleep with it on. The wifi was free, fast and easy to connect. The staff were friendly. The continental breakfast was minimal and pretty much gone by the time we went down at 8:30am). The hotel is not bad for a NYC hotel, and I would not be opposed to staying there again; however, I would probably look for a slightly nicer property on my next visit to NYC.
bubble_40	We stayed 2 nights at The Lex.  It is located in an area of NYC with many small local bistros.  The lobby is tiny, the morning breakfast is sufficient but go early because there is not much there if hungry people get there first.  The rooms are small like others have stated, but the design of the rooms is quite efficient,  Room was spotless and bathroom was very nice for NYC hotel standards.  What was most impressive was the high level of customer service.
bubble_30	Stayed here for business, Problems started first night, I arrived in NY early, thought Id stop by the hotel to see if they had my room available, being 11 am I didnt figure they would but at least I could drop off my bag. The gentleman at the front desk was most helpful. Professional and very helpful. He let me know that the room was not ready but he would call me when it was and gladly stored my bag.  I returned to a new Gentleman running the desk at 5:30 - The room still was not ready (check in is posted as 3pm) after about 10 minutes he said he had a room for me. 502, To the gentleman already occupying 502 in the shower I apologize for walking in on you. I went back to the lobby where the Manager? a very nice woman helped the front desk get things straightened out. I was
bubble_40	We stayed 4 nights in this boutique hotel. The rooms are relatively small but very clean and comfortable. We liked the price, which includes coffee and pastry for breakfast, and the location. The staff on the desk are very helpful and recommend local places to eat. We will use this hotel On future visits.
bubble_50	Was here for an overnight getaway in March.  Lots of snow still around.  Room was clean and comfortable.  LITTLE terrace (still snow covered), but when you stepped out onto it and looked to the left, view of Empire State Bldg.  Very nice staff.  Good location between 3rd Ave & Lexingston, 25th & 26th Streets.  Terrific pastries with coffee in lobby in morning. Tasted as if they came from a local bakery.  I think I'd even return just for THAT! Walked around the corner to great Thai Restaurant, Little Basil, then walked only two blocks from hotel to Jazz Standard and enjoyed the music of Anat Cohen!
bubble_50	Went alone unexpectedly to NYC for my first trip and my stay at The Lex made everything better and was able to live and breath the city to the fullest. The rooms are amazing and the beds very comfortable, always super clean. The staff was also always very helpful, especially Angelica. I wanna go back as soon as possible <3
bubble_40	In New York, the service is generally not excellent. Perhaps thats why the service at Lex hotel feels so extraordinary good. With personality and presence, the personel gave us the best possible experience of the hotel and NY.
bubble_40	Couldn't fault them!  We flew into New York early in the morning knowing that our check in time was not until mid afternoon.  Despite this the staff happily agreed to store our luggage and we were offered coffee and muffins and a place to freshen up before we went sight-seeing.  The room was not as small as I had anticipated from reviews - certainly large enough to accommodate our luggage comfortably.  Everything was fresh and modern and when we finally retired, the bed was heavenly!  The staff were knowledgeable and helpful and on checkout again stored our luggage until our departure late in the afternoon.
bubble_40	Stayed for four nights for a leisure trip to New York. The room was modern and spotlessly clean. It was advertised as a "cosy" room.so I was a little apprehensive about the size but it was perfect;y adequate for two people.The staff were very helpful, particularly about advice for the July 4th fireworks. It is situated mid Manhattan and is quite close to the subway..The breakfast was fairly minimal but I didn't mind this.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel for the price I paid.
bubble_40	You immediately feel welcome, the staff at the reception is nice, warm, efficient. It stays like this through all shifts, all times of the day until you leave. That alone is worth a lot. The hotel is not big (48 rooms) but the rooms are nice. Not big, but also not as small as other hotels, but modern, fresh and clean. WiFi is perfect, fast, easy, good connection, and free. The way it should be. The location is a bit off, but still quite central. It is in an area with many Indian restaurants, and the usual Starbucks etc. Park, and 5th are not far. There is not really a breakfast room. In the lobby they serve some coffee in a thermos, croissants (not crispy), and some pastries. No proper place to sit, not American style breakfast, no healthy options. OK, Starbucks is across the
bubble_50	We booked the Lex online about six weeks ago on the recommendation of a close friend who had stayed here a few times. It took some persistence to reserve a room online but it is worth it. This is an ideal location to visit downtown and uptown! Our daughter had an internship in the financial district and was staying in the NYU dorms. This was very easy to get to dining and shopping via Uber or taxi. We stayed in a Junior suite and it was very quiet. No hassle with elevators and the breakfast was just right. We found the front desk staff to be very friendly, helpful , and accommodating. Street is just steps from the lobby of this immaculate boutique hotel.
bubble_50	We stayed here for a The Bird and The Bee concert we walked to at Webster Hall.  It's just a couple blocks from Grammercy park and Joe's Pizza (3rd and 14th).  You can also hit Fashion Ave or Madison Square Gardens with a short walk.  Tons of food options around the hotel.  The room was very clean and contemporary.  The bathroom had plenty of space, and the water was hot and had good pressure.  Everything was clean and neat.  The bed was great, we both had very restful sleep.  Different pillows for those who prefer harder or softer ones.    It was nice to sit on the balcony for a few minutes before going down to the free Continental breakfast.  I unfortunately couldn't eat them, but my companion loved the croissants and muffins, which had to be fresh baked from a local bakery;
bubble_50	Great hotel! We went for the 4th of July weekend and our 2 year anniversary. Very modern and updated. It was clean, friendly, and wonderful location!  Staff was helpful and pleasant. The room was small but met all of our needs. Bed and pillows were comfortable. Plenty of outlets in the room. No coffee maker in the room but you could call and they would bring it up to your room :) Little store next to the hotel for drinks and breakfast sandwiches.  Hop on the subway in all directions easily. Two wonderful parks located in walking distance to take a bottle of wine and glass to enjoy the evening or a cup of coffee to start your day. Lots of restaurants with in walking distance. I quieter area compared to most. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_40	My husband and myself were staying in NYC for about a week and stayed at the LEX NYC it was a surprisingly modern hotel if you look at what you can get dollar for dollar in New York. The Service was always warm and welcoming. We even got the car service to the airport and the guys were nice enough to shield us from the rain while we ran to the car lol. My one and only thing that could have been improved in my opinion is the breakfast that is offered, there isn't a lot of variety and especially if you are late down to it. Also seating in the lobby for breakfast isn't the greatest. In saying that. The Tuesday drinks and nibbles in the lobby was a nice way to meet other travelers. :)
bubble_50	My husband recently stayed here while dropping my daughter off at school for the summer.   He recommended it for a girls weekend and it was a great recommendation.   We absolutely loved our junior suite and it was the perfect size for the three of us.   Room was super clean and housekeeping made sure it stayed this way during our three night stay.   The hotel staff was absolutely outstanding from the minute we checked in until the minute we checked out.   They took care of everything we needed and always with a big smile.    Location was perfect.  Subway was close by and staff was always available to grab us a cab if needed.   I will definitely stay at the lex next time I am in nyc.   Can't say enough good things!
bubble_50	This boutique hotel was clean, comfortable and convenient. We  walked everywhere and ate at fantastic places close by. It is really close to excellent restaurants and easy to get to Grand Central (central hub for subways to get anywhere in the five boroughs as well as Metro North to Westchester and Upstate). Helpful and friendly staff and small and cozy clean room. Found it on hotels tonight app. It was a super find in midtown. Great stay!
bubble_40	Hotel is nicely located . The staff was amazing ; helpfull , polite and very accomodating . Small but clean and functionnal room . Also near the subway wich is practical . Would go back without hesitation .
bubble_50	Great hotel!  We got there early and they accommodated us and allowed us to check in early.  Small room but you don't go to Manhattan to sit around your hotel room. Everything was clean and comfortable.  Free wifi.  Conveniently located, could walk to a lot but also easy to hail a cab.  Parked nearby for $35 overnight.  Noise was no problem for us at all.
bubble_50	Hotel is in a good location, easy to get about, plenty of restaurants and bars within walking distance and is opposite the armoury which is quite interesting. Room was smallish but well laid out with a comfy bed and was bright, clean and modern. Bathroom was great, good shower and everything you needed. The staff we encountered , Wellington and Andrew, were helpful , polite and very patient! As it was our first trip to New York, we had plenty of questions for them!! We would definitely stay here again and will recommend the hotel to friends and family.
bubble_50	When I am in NYC this isn't where I usually stay but I wanted to mix it up some and made a change and I did not regret it. My concern about giving this glowing review, and the others that will follow  by other travelers is that they will end up raising their prices. I hope not because that is part of its beauty and charm is that its one of the few hotels in NYC that you don't feel like you are paying way too much for way too little.  I arrived before my room was ready and the gentleman behind the counter was courteous, and efficient even though he couldn't get me in he recommended a great coffee shop with free wifi.   I failed to get any pictures of the lobby but it a great space with a mired and glass tile covering much of the walls. Accented by black (can black accent?) and
bubble_50	I just spent 2 nights at this hotel and I have nothing but good things to say about it. The room was clean.  The Staff was very friendly and willing to accommodate in any way.  In the morning, hot coffee and wonderful pastries and fruit.  Most important to me was that my dog was welcomed.  As long as they continue to welcome my dog this is where I will stay every time I visit New York.
bubble_40	For starters, the staff is absolutely incredible.  From the minute you walk in, until the moment you leave.  This crew gets in.  Omar, Jessie, the entire team -  Thank you!!  Welcoming with open arms, providing guidance and recommendations for the area, and quite simply, just ensuring that you have everything you need.  The rooms themselves are well appointed, yet also simple, which I loved.  Nonetheless, you feel really good coming back to this Hotel after a day of walking and eating, or eating and walking, or heck, just eating.  Whatever.  The Lex sits perfectly within an area that provides a sleuth of upscale and outstanding restaurants, yet you are never too far off the beaten path to explore the greatest city.  I honestly cannot say enough good things about this place, and
bubble_50	stayed in this hotel for a few days at the end of April. great clean hotel, brilliant base to explore the city and absolutely wonderful staff, willing to help with anything. can't recommend it enough!
bubble_50	I have been staying at this hotel multiple times to visit my daughter who is studying in New York. Some times I have stayed here with my wife and sometimes by myself. Every time I have been amazed at the genuineness and warmth of folks at the reception desk. For those who are not familiar with NYC's rushed culture - let me clarify that genuine warmth is rare find in Manhattan.  I have stayed in standard queen room on upper floors as well as in double queen room on the 1st floor. Rooms are small but very clean and comfortable. Simple breakfast and coffee in the mornings is excellent in quality. Tuesday evening wine and cheese reception is great as well.  I love the fact that the hotel is in the neighborhood of Madison Square Garden which is convenient for morning and evening
bubble_50	Stayed in a standard room on the 7th ( top floor ) Room was decent size for NYC , spotlessly clean , efficient if a bit noisy air com. This is NYC so take ear plugs as this city never stops !!  safe area , breakfast a added bonus , but croissants run out about 8 am !! All staff are great , helpful and full of local advise !!-- leave a decent tip Note to management -- give them a 10% pay rise -- they deserve it  Would stay there when next in NYC
bubble_50	Just visited for a long weekend and was very impressed!  Me and my wife and little dog were made to feel very welcome.  Excellent front of house staff and everyone was very friendly and willing to go out of their way to be helpful.  Small but well planned, clean bedroom and bathroom and quiet.  You couldn't hear any traffic noise from Lexington Avenue.  Very happy, would definitely stay there again.  Thank you!
bubble_40	The Lex NYC is just 2 blocks away from Madison Square Park. We visited this place for 5 nights in June. The staff was really wonderful, going the extra mile to make guests happy. The hotel also has a nice interior, the pictures shown are not lying!  Our room was 403. As it turned out, this is a room with a connecting door. The major disadvantage of this, is that you can literally hear what the people in the other room are saying. This is quite annoying when people start talking as early as 6am. Luckily for us, this only happened one morning, and after 30 minutes we called the reception to complain about the noise. The other guests were then called by the reception, and all went fairly silent after that.   Breakfast was good, although the choice is a bit limited: pastries,
bubble_50	Cannot fault this hotel. Very new so no problems at all. Very clean. What made it excellent for me would be the front of house staff. Remembered us every time and asked how has your first day been? Have you had a lovely birthday? Really good service, personal touch. Area is fab. Little walk up your at grand central little walk left your in Broadway/Empire State building area. Straight out of the hotel and up two blocks is the best curry I've ever had. Thanks you Lex for a fab birthday weekend.
bubble_50	After a long drive to NYC, we looked forward to settling in our hotel and getting a few hours of sleep. LEX Hotel provided us with a very comfortable, welcoming and friendly stay. The staff welcomed us the moment we walked in and our room was ready within minutes even though we arrived prior to check in time. Once we saw our room, we were satisfied as it was clean and spacious for a downtown hotel. The beds were very comfortable too and my 6 month old daughter had a crib for her comfort as well which we appreciated. We would definitely stay at this hotel during our next trip to NYC!
bubble_50	We recently spent three nights at The Lex.  It is an excellent location to investigate the city and all its boroughs.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  The room was small and compact but all that we required.  We can highly recommend the good value for money hotel.
bubble_50	Stayed in NY for a week at Lex hotel and we truly recommend it. 10 min walk to union square, and many nice restaurants nearby. A newly renovated design hotel with fresh and clean rooms, aircondition and comfy beds. But the best is the staff very serviceminded and helpful, always with a smile. Ok breakfast, coffe, the, muffins, pastry and fresh fruit. We will book it again!
bubble_30	This hotel is well located  between upper and lower Manhattan. It has nice and professional staff helping you out in a friendly way. The environment has a trendy touch but the walls must truly be made of paper. The same goes for the windows on the third floor letting in all the noise of the avenue below. Breakfast has a spartan timeframe between 7 and 9 a.m. (even on Sunday!) and consists of dry muffins, coffee, tea and croissants (if the early birds before you left any). There are also oranges and bananas, of which staff got some more when they themselves got a bit embarrassed seeing me looking at the empty buffet on Sunday morning. So all in all not such a good deal for a not so small price.
bubble_50	This is the third time staying at The Lex and I finally got around to writing a review. Each time upon arrival I've been greeted from an amazing front desk staff, very genuinely kind and courteous. Check in was very quick (they'll let you know about a free wine and cheese lobby party every Tuesday), free wifi (which was fast), and many surrounding restaurants and attractions.   The room was great - clean, very comfortable beds, great big TV, well stocked toiletries. Was really quite excellent.   Location was great, so many great places to eat and shop close by (Blue Smoke, Eataly, Shake Shack).   My favorite hotel to stay in NYC.
bubble_50	This is a wonderful find in a good location and at an excellent price (for New York..) The room was clean and modern. We had a Superior room (607) on the back with a balcony facing onto the quieter back courtyard so we could open the windows without the noise from Lexington. Good included continental breakfast (good pastries). The most important thing was the staff. Everyone I had contact with was extraordinary and contributed to a lovely stay in New York. Would recommend to anyone and will stay there again for sure
bubble_50	I've been warned many things about New York, but staying at The Lex NYC alleviated many of the fears I had during my first visit to this city.   We had just gotten off an overnight flight and were just desperately in need of check-in and shower. Front desk were exceptionally helpful and despite the recommended check-in time of 3:00pm, they were able to advise that the room could be available as early as 1pm. We were able to leave our luggage there as we tried to kill a few more hours in the city before check-in, and they delivered on their promise as the room was available at the advised time.   The location is quite convenient - close to one of the subway stations, and walkable distance from 5th Avenue which is the nexus of the universe in New York (divides the East & West
bubble_40	we stayed here for 1 night for a wedding in the City. I am from NYC and have also stayed in a bunch of hotels around. The hotel is clean and nicely updated. There is a very small lobby. No bar or restaurant, but for our purposes it did not matter. Everyone who worked there was very helpful. The location for us was perfect, it is on Lex and 26th Street. Lex in that area isnt great, since it is not that residential and across from the Armory; however, it is not unsafe. Super east to grab a cab and there is a 24 deli downstairs.  The rooms were very clean and updated. They were also a nice size. We asked for a fridge and one was sent right up. We had a deluxe queen as we wanted a terrace. The terrace was smallish and faced the back of another building, so nothing to look at. But it
bubble_50	Amazing staff, awesome location, free wifi, free breakfast, complimentary wine and cheese at the end of the day, free water bottles in a clean and comfortable room.  Did I mention the extremely helpful and friendly staff?? I Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.
bubble_50	Stayed here for my first trip to NYC for business... what a gem! Location was wonderful, the room was spotless, and the guy at the front desk was SUPER helpful! Needed food recommendations, and he will tell you what is questionable and what is awesome. Will return another time for pleasure with the family.
bubble_50	I'm in NYC every year for an event and each year stay at a different Midtown East hotel. I'm a bit of a travel snob and usually anything less than a 4-star eludes my radar. This year I booked at The Lex NYC since it was a block from my venue--boy was it the right move. While the location was great and the room was perfect for my needs--what really stood out was the service. From top to bottom, every one of the staff I met was truly excellent at their job. Having hired over 100 people in my own business I know what it takes to build and keep a team running at the top of their game and whoever manages The Lex NYC is doing it right. Angelica, Armando and Wellington (?)--thanks for making my stay an absolute pleasure. I'll be back!
bubble_50	This hotel is beautiful!! Very elegant and clean. I was surprised to find such a spacious room in a city like New York. The staff are very helpful and kind and we loved the fact that everything is within a walking distance. They offer a very light breakfast which is great for the price, considering that most hotels don't provide breakfast. Definitely recommend it!
bubble_50	Stayed for a night in NYC, great location, clean room, and affordable. The staff were extremely friendly, attentive, and helpful. Room was very nice, all we needed for a quick overnight stay, very convenient and comfortable. Loved the fresh, iced lemon water in the lobby! Will definitely stay again sometime. Thank you!
bubble_50	This hotel is down as an affordable boutique hotel so we were not expecting high level service. I was completely wrong - staff are incredible, really friendly and helpful giving you suggestions on where to go as they get to know you more. Breakfast is easy but good. The staff will bring tea and coffee to your room whenever you ask for it and give you umbrellas when it's raining. Rooms are a good size, bathrooms are lovely, clean and new and all mod cons are in here. The location of the hotel is only a 20-25 min walk from Times Square and near a number of subway stations. I've stayed in some of the extremely smart hotels in NYC for 500 a night and the Lex Hotel NYC has by far been the best experience customer service wise so far!
bubble_50	Stayed for 2 nights at the Lex Hotel in NYC...I have to say it was one of the most pleasurable stays I have had..The Hotel was very clean and the room was very good and not your typical shoe box like I have stayed at in other hotels in NYC..The staff went out of their way to provide the very best of service and really made you feel comfortable.I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a place in NYC..It's not your huge hotel but it's really a nice cozy place at a very affordable price..Hats off to all the staff at the Lex in NYC!
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex for two nights during Memorial Day weekend and had a great experience. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful as soon as we arrived. They helped us find a place for lunch and told us about some great places in the neighborhood. The rooms were small but clean and perfect for a weekend away. We would totally choose the Lex again.  The location was very covienent for Madison square park, Chelsea, and also not a bad walk to times square.
bubble_50	We stayed here in May for five nights and would stay here again.  The rooms were small but what you'd expect in NYC.  More importantly for me, the rooms were very clean.  The staff were very friendly and remembered us from one day to another and went out of their way to try and accommodate us.  The air conditioning was broken and they fixed it right away.  Then when we would walk through the lobby, they would ask if it was working ok.  I did not eat the continental breakfast because I am gluten free.  There are plenty of restaurants nearby and places to get juice if you're in to juicing.
bubble_40	The Lex is not fancy,  but it is very clean, quiet, in a great location, and the staff is exceptionally helpful. Our room was small but well appointed, perfect for the budget minded traveler who still want a comfy bed and wi-fi after  long day of seeing the sights.
bubble_40	This was our first time in New York. From the get go I was pestering the staff with requests for late check out and double checking it was on our reservation (we had a late flight back to london and didn't want to be hanging around; I am a worrier!) the staff were very accommodating and reassuring. I was able to have a late check out of 3pm for the price of half a days stay; not a bad deal. Our flight was delayed coming in by 9 hours and we arrived well after midnight. The gentleman on the front desk was very friendly. When you check in they give you a sheet that gives wifi password, number to call the front desk, breakfast times etc and also a list of recommended nearby restaurants. It came in very handy. The room itself was definitely 'cosy', but we didn't spend much time in
bubble_50	We loved this hotel. Nice surprise to find this gem and would love to stay again. We travel a lot and we found the staff to be the most friendliest and helpful ever encountered!!! They made our first visit to the city a great one. Our room was a pretty spacious and quiet. Very clean and in a nice neighborhood. We could walk to subway stations and nearby restaurants easily. Comfortable bed, well appointed room, daily light breakfast, and our room had a nice balcony. We are planning our next vacation to come back here already.
bubble_40	This was our first time in NYC and we went there to celebrate my 40th Birthday. Whilst there were no special surprises for me when we arrived (and we didnt necessarily expect any, even though my fiance had mentioned it was my big 40) everyone was extremely pleasant and polite, assisting us with anything we requested and advising about what to do/what to see in NYC. They even managed to find 3 little candles on the evening of my birthday when I mentioned that I hadnt blown any and that would have been bad luck (thank you Angelica!!)   The room was immaculately clean and maintained and was more than adequate for our stay. Even though it was fairly small (which we expected as we booked the cosy) it had everything we needed (i.e. no cupboard but coat and clothes hanger in the
bubble_50	This was our first time staying in the Lex NYC and it was amazing.  I can't recommend it highly enough.  I've been to NYC many times and stayed in a number of hotels.  Without a doubt, this was the best.  The location is great with plenty of nice coffee shops and restaurants near by (recommend Blue Smoke for great barbecue).  It's close to Union Square and several subway lines but still walking distance of mid town. The hotel itself is modern and fresh.    Staff: The staff were all lovely and extremely helpful.  It rained a lot when we were there and it was such a relief that the hotel offered us umbrellas to shield us from the rain.  I would particularly like to thank the members of housekeeping staff who were so friendly and polite, and really great at their job.  Room: Quite
bubble_50	A wonderful little hotel with staff that go the extra mile for you.  They were always courteous, assisted with anything required and made your stay very welcoming.  Whilst staying we had our 25th wedding anniversary, went out for the evening and when we came back we found a bottle of wine with 2 glasses in the room and  a note from the staff which was wonderful.  I honestly cannot complement them enough - you would not find better in my opinion in any hotel.  The breakfast was served in reception, consisted of pastries, fruit, coffee, juice etc.  Not my cup of tea to be honest but my wife loved it.  The room, although small, was immaculately clean and maintained and was more than adequate for our stay.  Location wise, the hiotel is the perfect spot for visiting all the
bubble_50	So we managed to add 2 days in NYC following our Carbbean Cruise and chose The Lex because it was small and personal. Wellington on reception is a absolute credit to the hotel! So helpful!!  He recommended good places to eat and even helped us check in for our flight online and printed off our boarding passes. Wellington we love you!The room was brand new and immaculate. There was a huge Samsung TV, fantastic air conditioning, alarm/ipod charging dock/phone dock, and nice toiletries in the bathroom.They brought a fridge to the room for us and there was complimentary pastries and coffee in the lobby each morning. The location is on Lexington Avenue, around 25 minutes walk from the Empire State Building with lots of good restaurants nearby. This was our first time in this
bubble_50	So impressed with this little boutique hotel in  NYC, the staff were incredible and went above and beyond to help us with any needs. Subway is close which is convinient. Will deffinetly be staying here on my next trip to NYC and will highly reccomend to any family or friends that will be visiting!! Thanks!! :)
bubble_40	Just returned from a beautiful May weekend in NYC, made even better by the Lex Boutique. The hotel is well-located-- in walking distance to the subway and all the places I wanted to visit, including Union Square, the NoMad area, and ABC Carpet & Home and within subway distance to Soho and the Upper West Side. It was a more dynamic trip for me this time around because I usually stay "downtown" and don't explore as many of the other neighborhoods. From my favorite South Indian Saravanaas restaurant one block away to the welcoming and helpful staff, the Lex cannot be beat! :) While I missed beautiful bed linens and the lighting in the room was a bit harsh, those are all personal preferences. I will return soon!
bubble_50	We had a very comfortable stay here. Room was a good size, very clean and well lit. Huge bathroom. Nice size tv. Even had a balcony. Everyone on the staff is very helpful and super friendly. We even lucked out and was able to park in front of the hotel without having to pay a meter or do the overnight pay parking which runs about 27-45 dollars a night. Will absolutely stay here again. A lot of eateries in the area. Close to subway station which makes it easy to just on the subway to ride up to Time-square and Central Park. We tried to walk it the first day, now we now better.
bubble_50	Our first time in NYC was great also thanks to The Lex Hotel stay. The location was perfect and the staff was very kind and available to help us for anything. I hope to come back soon in NY and in The Lex Hotel of course. Very recommended!
bubble_40	Every member of the staff--front desk, cleaning service, and all--was exceptionally willing to help make my visit pleasant.  Really one of the best service experiences I have had.   The room and all facilities were immaculately clean and brand new.   This is the best hotel stay I have had in years.
bubble_50	The Lex is a fab hotel. It's location is ideal for those wanting to avoid the noise and throngs of tourists around Times Square. The lex is close to the subway so you can easily get to all of the major sights - or it's about a 20 minute walk to Grand Central Station and 42nd Street. The room was comfortable with excellent facilities. Breakfast was a simple complimentary continental, served informally in the lobby area - ideal for those wanting to get on with the sightseeing of the day. The staff were very helpful, answering all of our tourist-type questions, and only too willing to help with any arrangements. I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a no frills, excellent value and friendly place to stay.
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel.  Excellent value.  Good weekend parking deal at nearby garage, and Bagel Express around the corner to bring home.  Super clean, New property, good location, friendly and helpful staff.  Loved our stay.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Lex Hotel for 3 nights during a stay in NYC. The hotel is new and modern and has all the amenities you'd expect from a hotel in a big city. It is clean, with a comfy bed, and compared to other hotels in NYC is quite roomy. The bathroom is bright and modern. The bedroom was sealed well from the noise outside, although there isn't much you can do about the general noise levels in the 'city that never sleeps'.  The Lex, rather cheekily, offers ear plugs to guests who might find the noise in NYC unacceptable. The location is the key aspect of this hotel, you're in Midtown on the Curry Mile, and within walking distance of the flat iron building. There are some good recommendations on food and cafes given by the hotel. Breakfast is light fare, with coffees and
bubble_50	We stayed at The Lex for a weekend.  New, clean, very friendly staff, helpful all around.  Everything worked just fine.  A bit dark for reading in bed, but this is a minor concern.  Get to breakfast early if you want a croissant.  Next door is a good deli, and there are, of course, many nice restaurants nearby.  Safe quiet neighborhood.  Short walk to the 23rd St. subway stops (there are separate entrances/stops for the various subway lines:  1, N or R, 6, located a block apart).  This now our first choice for NYC.
bubble_50	This hotel is very modern with great decoration - the bathroom was tiled black and white with spotless black marble tiles and wonderful shower. The staff are first rate - ask them where are the best bars/restaurants, how to get anywhere and they will know. The location is great, midway between Central Park and the Financial District on the number 6 subway which goes directly north/south. Lots of great bars, restaurants, shops and parks within walking. The area is busy yet safe and mid-market. Room was not huge but easily ok for two; hanging space the only problem with one small wardrobe. Great conntinental breakfast in foyer and free wine/cheese on Tuesdays.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Lex in December 2014 with my Mum. It was for a Christmas getaway/shopping/eating spree.   The hotel was easy to find, the staff were very attentive on arrival, there was a minor issue with the card we were paying with not working, but the staff sorted it out promptly.   The location is great, not too noisy, close to loads of great bars and restaurants. It's well within walking distance to the Empire state, Times Square and other tourist spots, close to shopping too.   The room itself was small which you expect with most Manhattan hotels, but it had everything that we needed in it.   I would highly recommend this hotel, the staff are all so lovely. I will certainly be staying here when I am next in town.
bubble_50	Friendly, efficient staff. Room size was  good and very clean. Convenient location for uptown and down, but room was quiet. Wifi and continental breakfast included. Would stay there again very happily.
bubble_50	Great staff, comfortable bed, room very clean and fresh. Quiet room. Bathroom clean and a good size considering this is a New York Hotel. Yes, the room is small, but we found it adequate.  I think if you bring a lot of luggage you might wonder where to put it.  So don't bring much. Everyone in NYC only wears black !  We had a big Window that looked out onto Lexington Ave.  Coffee and a sweet roll for breakfast, along with fresh fruit ( apples, oranges and banana's) .   When you arrive tell your taxi driver 25th and Lexington, we made the mistake of saying 67 Lexington ave. and before we knew it we were on our way uptown to 67th St and Lexington! Luckily my husband realized this and quickly pointed it out to our taxi driver! Most taxi rides seemed to be $10, going to a Broadway,
bubble_50	Hotel is at the crossing with 26 Street. Good enough to explore NYC. Room was quite small, so I would recommend to take a King room. (We had a Queen.) Nice simple complimentary breakfast from 7-9. Really nice staff. I would recommend it to friends.   Tips: Next door is a supermarket with really good prices compared to others. There is a really good Japanese restaurant nearby: Mishima. Don't get fooled by the exterior.
bubble_50	My daughter and I had a lovely stay at this boutique hotel. It was in a great location close to some lovely authentic restaurants and bars and equally close to subways. Our room was exceptionally clean and quiet - my only criticism was that there was a lack of a mirror close to a power point for drying hair and makeup. The complimentary breakfast was a lovely bonus as too the wine and cheese on a Tuesday evening. Staff were exceptional - printing out boarding passes and arranging transfers and always gave a welcome on our returns from very busy days out.  For two ladies travelling alone we felt safe in the area and will definitely be making a return. Highly recommend The Little Red Beet Table restaurant nearby.
bubble_50	The Lex is a small boutique hotel in the lovely Gramercy Park area of Manhattan (almost half way between midtown and lower Manhattan).  The location is great and it's very easy to get around the city.  The hotel itself is modern and spotlessly clean.  The free breakfast is a bonus - lovely fresh pastries and fruit each day available in the lobby.  The staff are very friendly and highly professional - they provide a great level of service.  I have visited Manhattan many times and this hotel was one of the best.   Check out nearby Pete's Tavern for a touch of nostalgia!
bubble_50	We were looking for a really nice, smart hotel in a great location for our 4-night stay in New York.   This is exactly what we got at The Lex - a nearly new boutique hotel in a fantastic central location in Manhattan: Near 2 subway stations on the 6. Walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, Battery Park, Greenwich Village, Wall Street, Empire State, Rockefeller and much more!!  The rooms are compact yet spotlessly clean and all feature a large TV, en-suite bathroom and really comfy beds. Free Wi-Fi and an in-room safe. What more could you ask for - apart from the hours spent sleeping you are unlikely to spend to much time in your room when visiting New York!!  The complimentary continental breakfast is a nice touch.  What really sets The Lex apart are the staff. Andrew
bubble_50	This hotel was as neat as a pin. The staff was very friendly and truly went out of their way to make our 5 day stay as comfortable as possible. The room and bathroom was comfortable. With windows closed, it was early spring, there was very little noise from the street. The hotel is near a subway (5 min walking) and is very well located. We will return to this hotel.
bubble_50	The staff were friendly and helpful. Arrived in the city before noon and checked our bags in as our room was not ready. Upon return our bags had already been placed in our room. Quiet room always a pluc in NYC. Couple of blocks to subway. Bagels and Schmearthe was our morning breakfast stop and recommend the veggie cream cheese highly.
bubble_50	New rooms, clean & super friendly staff and priced right equals a great hotel stay. This boutique has it. Great location near 3rd ave is convenient to dozens of great restaurants and Gramercy park. Middle block location Low traffic street at night lead to a quiet now guts sleep.  Give it a try n
bubble_50	After returning back from a week's stay at the Lex, I am unable to offer any criticism of this lovely hotel! The staff are extremely friendly and welcoming, offering their knowledge of New York at every opportunity and we used their advice to get the most out of our holiday. They even looked after our luggage on the last day and ordered a Taxi to take us to the airport, whilst giving us details of the costs of the journey and how much we should tip the driver.  This boutique hotel is modern and clean throughout. The complimentary continental breakfast is a perfect start to a busy day in New York. It's set within a stone-throw of the major avenues, so it's ideal if you want easy access into the heart of the city. Should you wish to travel further afield, then the staff will
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I stayed here from  3/12/15 through 3/16/2015 while we were in NYC to see one of our favorite bands.  I cannot say enough great things about this hotel.  The staff are amazing, friendly and very helpful.  The rooms are very clean and we're perfect for what we needed as we spend most of our stay out and about in the city.  I highly recommend the Lex.  We will definitely be staying here 9 our next trip.
bubble_50	Everything in stay was great, but the friendliness of the staff, cleaning the room, great breakfast to go, and its awesome location deserve to be highlighted. If you are looking for a excellent service for an affordable price the Lex Hotel can be a good place for you stay there.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a weekend.Check in was quick and efficient.Staff very friendly and helpful.Thank you Wellington.Room clean and well laid out.Location handy for subway.Plenty of local bars and restaurants.Good buzz in most of them.Would stay there again.
bubble_50	I stayed here for five days and it was a perfect spot to explore NYC from. About fifteen minutes from times square.  The hotel and room were clean and modern and hotel staff were friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable.  Every time we returned a warm smile and welcome from Angelica, (who seems to work 24/7) was always forthcoming.   Thanks for a great stay
bubble_50	Recently stayed at The Lex for 6 nights and was very impressed by the very dedicated and friendly staff. This is my fourth trip to NYC, and my first time at The Lex.  Hotel: This is a small boutique hotel, so as long as you are not expecting luxurious comfort, you've chosen the right spot. Complimentary breakfast includes some baked goods and coffee and is served in the hotel lobby - stools and bar tables. I loved this casual feel - again, don't expect a sit down with white napkin service. The room was larger than I was expecting - it was clean, well lit and maintained throughout the stay. Complimentary water bottles were a nice touch, as these usually are charged a pretty penny in other hotels. There was even a wine & cheese one night in the lobby.  Staff: I definitely got the
bubble_40	we stayed at this hotel about two weeks ago. the location is strategically located in the flatiron (about 5 min walk) where there is also the shop eatitaly. is very close to both the metro on 23 that 28 st. very easy to get from JFK by subway (airtrain + jamaica station take any line leading to grand central and from there the green line).  the rooms are spotless and equipped with every comfort. breakfast (pastries, hot drinks and fruit) is also excellent. the room was warm despite outdoor there were -10 degrees celsius (maybe the air conditioning a bit noisy but not annoying). the staff was very kind and very helpful throughout our stay: one afternoon there was also offered an aperitif made with wine, cheeses, fruit and toast.  There is a shuttle service to JFK at the price of
bubble_50	I had a last minute trip to NY and found this hotel through hotels.com and what a find! I will definitely come back! The hotel is immaculately clean, conveniently near Grammercy and pretty close to Union Sq. The staff are beyond friendly and helpful! The rooms are modest and average size for a New York hotel room, but extremely comfortable and clean. Every amenity you want is available. They also bring you coffee, water, tea, or ice upon request. Very good breakfast is also complimentary.
bubble_50	My friend and I arrived before noon and there was a room available for check in. Awesome!!! The staff was very friendly and the Libby was small but very chic and clean. Our room was also perfect. Very clean and updated. The bathroom was beautiful and CLEAN. A very modern and efficient hotel. There isn't a ton to do in the neighborhood but you are a short walk or subway ride to anything. Will stay again!!
bubble_40	It's a challenge selecting a room in NYC on a budget.  Cleanliness ranks high on my list of "must haves."  This sparking clean, spacious room ( by NYC standards) was comfortable for two, including our luggage.  There is a small closet for hanging clothes , but not enough for thick winter down jackets plus lots of regular clothes.  You can hang about eight regular clothing items.  Plenty of room for most visitors.   The clean, spacious bathroom included a hair dryer.  The shower had plenty of water pressure and excellent temperature control, accommodating  my need for a hot shower and my hubby's need for a cool one.  Our room was a calm, quiet place with a very comfortable bed and nice little balcony.  Given the frigid temperature, it served as an excellent refrigerator for our
bubble_30	I reserved this hotel based on reviews, the service is good,  free coffee, tea.  Friendly staff,  they are helpful and professional. The negative point is the room is too small I paid 180 dollars for a tin with an annoying noisy Ac.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my two-night stay there in the brutal cold weather in February. Great location and clean room for sure. Super helpful and friendly reception staff that I never expected (Great restaurant recommendation by the way). I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a cozy place to stay while visiting NYC.
bubble_50	My fiance and I were in NYC Feb 21-23. We REALLY enjoyed staying at The Lex NYC. Perfect location for walking all over Manhattan, and easy to catch a cab out front if your legs get tired. There are restaurants EVERY where, so research some that look good to you in advance, but there are several backup plans available! We ate everything- from Taiwanese to French to Italian to street meat (hot dogs at Papaya Dogs mmm)! Every few steps there is a new restaurant. The Lex is located on a super safe street with lots of Indian restaurants close by.  Everyone was right about the staff- super friendly and helpful! I felt like a VIP every time I walked past their desk! They always had something nice to say and it was never fake or forced conversation.   The room was great- smallish as
bubble_50	Great location, spotlessly clean modern rooms, nice complimentary continental breakfast and the nicest, most helpful reception staff we have ever encountered. We stayed here 4 nights and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to visit NYC.
bubble_50	Helpful and super friendly staff. As visitors from the Midwest, we needed lots of suggestions and genuine kindness. The room was very clean room and the cozy beds. The Continent breakfast was well stocked and yummy. We would happily stay at this welcoming hotel again!
bubble_50	Great find. If you want to see New York and not lounge around a hotel this is for you. Modern clean rooms, great staff and a pretty good location. I assume it only has three hotel stars as it has no in house hotel or pool - who uses them anyway in NYC?
bubble_50	My coworkers and I stayed at this hotel for a week due to its proximity to our destination.  We usually stay at a large chain hotel.  We were so pleasantly surprised by how much we all enjoyed our stay at this hotel! Rooms nice and clean.  The high point of our visit was the friendliness and attentiveness of the staff there! I would like to specifically thank the front desk crew: Eric, Wellington, angelika, Odalis, and Andrew! Each of these folks went out of their way to make our visit pleasant!  Thanks! We will definitely stay here again when our work brings us to this area.  The price was definitely reasonable and attention to detail was great.
bubble_50	This is a really great little hotel in good location. All staff so friendly and helpful, immaculately clean room with very comfortable bed. Well equipped bathroom with products. Good value for money in New York, with hot drinks and pastries in the morning and fresh lemon flavoured water and Oreos available throughout the day. Would highly recommend.
bubble_50	A very good choice for travelers that dont need hotel amenities like pool or gym. The price is competitive and the hotel is clean and nice. Also the hotel is very well located very near from subway and bigbus stop.
bubble_50	Madison Square/Flatiron has become my new favorite neighborhood in NYC, and this hotel is perfectly located. Right near Lex. Ave. subway, easy walk to Wash. Sq, Village, Soho, and even west to High Line. The room is very small but ingeniously designed. Bed extremely comfortable, and best of all, on high floor in back, blissfully quiet. Not easy to find in Manhattan. And everyone who works there is cheerful and friendly. I just booked to stay there again this week, and am looking forward to returning.
bubble_50	This was the second time I visited this hotel and the experience was one to remember. All the staff was friendly and attentive and despite the snow storm they managed to keep everyone happy. No problems with the room, Wi-Fi worked fine and check in/out was smooth  Good job guys, I'll be back for sure!
bubble_50	This is the second time I have stayed at The Lex. I will continue to stay there because it was convenient, the room was great and most of all the staff was the best of any place I have stayed! I have more trips to make to NYC and I spend the night at The Lex!
bubble_50	I've stayed at quite a few 'boutique' hotels in the city before and The Lex is way beyond any of them in just about every aspect. The hotel is pretty new - opened in March 2014 so the rooms, fittings and furnishings are all in great condition and spotlessly clean. Beds are super-comfortable and bathroom well fitted.   The rooms themselves are not big - as you would expect in the mid-town area at this price range, but most definitely bigger than some I've stayed in. My stay was probably longer than the average visitor - I was there for a little under two weeks and at no point did I feel cramped or claustrophobic. Admittedly, I did change my initial 3rd floor back-facing room for a higher floor facing Lexington and not only was the room a better shape but having the view from the
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed for one night. We arrived on a Sunday around 2pm. The front desk clerk was amazing, he was warm and welcoming. And even upgraded our room without Asking!  My daughter loved it! Two full beds, large modern bathroom and a huge flat screen tv. We felt very safe and will definitely come back!  Great area! Walking distance to everything!  But in a quiet area. Thank you!!
bubble_50	This hotel is one of the nicest places I have ever stayed, amazing value: we paid $440 for 4 nights in New York in a fantastic location, walkable to everything. Very comfy large double bed, great shower, quiet even though Lexington Avenue is busy, good room temperature, very clean, great breakfast too and superb bathroom. But what really makes this place is the staff, the most friendly, helpful and genuinely kind people, they were so helpful and couldn't do enough for us, especially the breakfast guy who opened the lift door, and selected the floor for us when our hands were full of coffee and breakfast. I highly recommend this place and would not hesitate to book again!
bubble_50	The Lex was the most economic option among the top 20 or 30 TripAdvisor hotels last week, including one of the highly rated bed-and-breakfasts. The hotel is conveniently located near the 23rd/Park and 28th/Park metro spots and there's a Starbucks across the street.  Free chocolate croissants and coffee in the morning, clean rooms and, most notably, stellar service make this a great hotel. During my last trip to NYC I stayed at the Park Hyatt during its grand opening but I was struck more by the service at the Lex - the simplicity of knowing your name and attending to needs without being invasive. If you intend to spend most of your time out in the city this is a fantastic place to set up camp.  Thanks for the hospitality.
bubble_50	Having stayed all over NY, The Lex is set to be my new regular. It's excellent value, a quiet but central location with good local bars, restaurants and transport links. It's stylish, the staff are remarkably friendly and helpful, and my room was basic but very comfortable, clean and quiet with a bathroom that included a bath - very unusual at this price point in NYC. Not to mention a basic breakfast and free wifi included - impressive. I will return.
bubble_40	It was my first time in New York, so I can't compare this hotel with others or comment much on location. I found the location convinient enough though, subway station is close and many interesting places are in walking distance. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, room was clean and its equipment was new. The only annoying thing was poor soundproofing: i could easily hear people in the hall  and in adjacent rooms. Also there was no wardobe in my room, but i think it is a feature of this particular room.
bubble_30	we found this hotel to be very clean and comfortable. the staff is very friendly and pleasant. the only issue we had was that the walls are too thin, we could hear people in the next room talking, showering, the toilet flushing, it was like we were in the same room.
bubble_50	I can't say enough good about The Lex. From the outside it doesn't looks like it would be worth your time, but I had a tremendous experience. Staff were top notch. I arrived late, and when I booked my cozy room I had stated that I had an interview in the morning, so I would prefer the quietest one of those rooms if available. The gentleman checking me in saw that and immediately upgraded my room at no charge to a superior because it would be at the back of the hotel and quieter. The room was plenty big enough for me and was equipped with everything you could want. Bed was comfortable, and it was completely silent. Everything looked clean and new. Free Wifi, which was very fast, and although a small thing, it was nice to have two complementary bottles of water in the room. The
bubble_50	I'm writing this review as I sit in the lounge at JFK waiting for my plane! I could not wait to post this as the experience my wife and I just had at The Lex NYC was absolutely delightful. First of all...location location location. You could not get a better location if you tried. A few minutes walk from the shopping of fifth avenue and of upper Lexington as well as some of the best food you will ever have the pleasure of tasting. What's best? The hotel staff will provide you will a list of recommended restaurants and they are all fantastic! Further, the staff are delightful. Incredibly helpful and always available. No request is refused and they do it all with a smile. They are great! Rooms are clean and decently sized compares to other rooms I have seen in NYC. A five star
bubble_50	Clean and nice interior design. Great location with a lot off small restaurants in the surrounding. The staff were awesome, especially Angelica.  The rooms were well looked after. Complimentary water in the room and cafe and pastery in the morning were appreciated "extras".
bubble_50	We stayed for 4 nights over Christmas. Booked through booking.com and check-in was seamless and friendly. Our room was ready even though we checked in at 1pm. The rooms were small but big enough for two, as we were out most of the time. They were warm in the winter and pretty quiet on 5th floor. Bathroom new and clean and shower had lots of pressure. Little bit of a walk to the subway which will take you North to Times Square area, or South to soho etc. Staff were always friendly and happy to help out. Will definitely stay again.
bubble_50	An amazing hotel, especially for the price.  It's not uber fancy and the rooms are small, even by NYC standards, but they are clean and quiet.  The best thing about the hotel is the "5-star" staff.  They are super friendly and helpful and address you by name when entering and leaving.  There is a complimentary breakfast in the lobby of pastries and coffee and the Wifi is free.  It is located in a quiet area of the city.  It will be my first choice the next time I visit NYC.
bubble_40	I chose this hotel based almost entirely on price - all reviews said it was an excellent value for the money. We stayed four nights in late December and I would definitely agree that for the price we paid, we received a perfectly clean room in a convenient location, along with superior service from the staff. Free wifi and breakfast are an added bonus (though we did not take part in the breakfast). My only reason for docking a star is that the bed was like sleeping on a slab of concrete. The front desk staff kindly offered to let us try another room but warned the beds were all the same. If The Lex invests in some pillow top mattress pads I would definitely stay here again - otherwise, my aching back might have to upgrade to a hotel with slightly cushier beds.
bubble_50	My husband and I truly enjoyed our weekend getaway to NYC....the lex was a great place to stay...why? Firstly, the staff is amazing! They were helpful, resourceful, thoughtful and very friendly! Andrew was incredible...went out of his way to be thoughtful! They were informative and always willing to give you directions. Secondly, the room was very comfortable and very clean! Thirdly, breakfast was simple but yummy! Coffee was excellent! Fourth, location was perfect....quiet, yet close enough to get to all the main attractions, and subway was close enough to take you further... Great little gem of a place!
bubble_50	My husband and I are on our last night of a 4 night stay at the Lex.  We  chose this based on TripAdvisor reviews and price.  All staff are friendly, helpful, and super nice without seeming fake. They all seem like people who could be your cousins.  Rooms were clean and stocked with everything you need. Wish they had fridges but the staff was so accommodating, you just had to ask for what you needed. Continental breakfast was good with yummy pastries and good strong coffee.   Real milk was a plus. Internet was free in the rooms and reliable. Location was convenient and safe - across from an armory! High value for the price. We would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Great staff ! Always helpful, smiling, and available.  Wifi connexion worked great, rooms are clean and practical, yet a little small. Bathrooms are huge.  Very few downsides: central location but not close to anything but Flatiron. Subway is 5-10 min away though. A/C turns onvery loudly for a few seconds every now and then even when set to off. Breakfast lacks variety. We ended up having one outside.
bubble_50	The staff could not possibly have been more friendly or helpful. They made our stay wonderful. Clean modern room! We could not have been happier with the room, location or the staff. It was wonderful.
bubble_50	First of all... What amazing staff! Everyone were so helpful and and happy from early morning to the end of the day! If they didn't know something they find it out and called you later. The hotel looked brand new and the lobby and the room were very clean. When we checked in we got a list of restaurants that at list one of the staff members had tested. Honestly that list was a great idea from the staff and at least those places where we ate (Hillstone, Vezzo and Blue Smoke) were excellent!  We had a Standard Queen room which was perfect for two persons. It was even bigger than I expected! Though there could have been more space for luggage and clothes. We didn't know that the breakfast (croissants, muffins, fruits, tee and coffee) was included to our booking but it was a great
bubble_50	The Lex bills itself as an affordable boutique style hotel, which it does exceedingly well.  Excellent location, clean and well run.  The staff was absoutely terrific: Due to an injury en route to NYC, I needed some extra assistance, which was gladly given -- the staff made my stay under the circumstances as best as possible.   A few notes about the hotel itself: Standard hotel rooms in Manhattan generally are small and the basic room here is no diferent. The design has a sleek,Euro-modern feel. If possible, consider upgrading  -- the larger room is more comfortable, particularly if there is more than one person in the room.  Keep in mind that this is a hotel aiming for a boutique feeling at an affordable cost -- that does not mean it will be an over the top luxury boutique but
bubble_40	So firstly, this hotel is located between 25/26th Street on Lexington Ave (East side of street).  It is in an okay area but the best part is that you are very close to the 6 train which takes you and down the East side of manhattan so even if the area is not vibrant, you are very close to the subway and can get in/out of this area quickly.  It's convenient as well because even if not the best, there are plenty of restaurants on 2nd avenue, which is a short walk.The hotel is a bit unusual in that it looks like a restaurant front with a pop out door (to block cold from coming straight in) and when you enter, there is a tiny lobby which, in the morning, has a continental breakfast set up.  Nice touch.  The staff are lovely.  We had a junior suite, so not sure what standard rooms
bubble_50	If you are looking for great location and friendly staff then this is the place for you! Located only a few blocks from the Flatiron building the location is ideal for either walking around the nearby shops and beyond or jumping on the subway to travel further afield. The room is all you need when staying in a busy city with a comfortable bed, clean room and bathroom and tv with lots of channels. Having been a bit nervous about picking a hotel in New York all my concerns were put to rest as soon as we checked into the Lex. After a very long flight from the UK we were greeted by a friendly and helpful member of staff who talked us through everything we needed to know and answered any questions we had. He also gave us a map and an information sheet outlining local restaurants of
bubble_50	Not the largest but doesn't pretend to be...right opposite the Armoury, it is in a nice location for all attractions. The staff are very helpful and courteous, the rooms are small but well appointed and clean. A basic breakfast is provided (coffee and pastries) free of charge. If you are doing Manhattan and are going to be out all day as we were this place is perfect. Walk for 8 minutes and you're on 5th avenue...look to your right and up there's the Empire State building! How fab is that?? We had a show booked on Broadway and not only was a taxi organised but an umbrella provided for the torrential rain! A taxi with decent rates was also organised for the return to Newark airport. All in all a smashing little (sorry boutique) hotel!
bubble_50	Short:  - There is no subway in the immediate blocks. Not too far though. Breakfast is minimal (but free). + Modern, clean, silent, friendly staff. Value. Longer: A very modern hotel. More of European large-city standard than NY. Very nice staff. Everything works smoothly. I would come back again if the price has not climbed.
bubble_50	I loved my 2-night stay at the Lex.  The staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating, and the location was perfect for hopping around Manhattan for a weekend.  The room was fine for NYC standards and the bathroom was notably spacious. My room was across from the elevator and the hallway noise was a touch loud but It was otherwise delightful.
bubble_50	We went for a few days, my first time in New York and of course in the Lex.   They offer breakfast. It is close to the subway, people are awesome and ready to help you with anything you need, service is the best! we are already planing to go back. We loved it!
bubble_50	Excellent Hotel. Exceptionally clean. Staff were amazing and very friendly. They certainly made us feel welcome. Location is quiet and only about  a 20 minute walk to Times Square. Lots of good places to eat near the hotel. The hotel serves an excellent continental breakfast with fruit, muffins,and pastries. Will stay there again when we go back.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here in October for a long weekend trip and had a great time. The hotel staff was very helpful and always welcomed us back each day after sightseeing in the city. Our room was very clean and while not huge, it was all we needed for the stay. The bathroom was very accommodating and worked well for the two of us. We asked for a high-story room and were on the 6th floor. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice, quiet place in NYC. They provided a small breakfast each morning, and while it was simple, it served our needs just fine. It was easy to get to two subway trains and plenty of restaurant, grocery options available nearby. The hotel even gave us a list of suggested restaurants and we used two of those for dinner options - both were
bubble_50	I missed my train home on Thanksgiving night and had to stay in New York unexpectedly.  The staff was so friendly and laid back--they even found me a phone charger in their break room and let me use it all evening!  I have no idea how they find such nice caring people, but everyone I dealt with at the Lex was awesome.   The room was great too!  Clean and perfect for one or two people.  The woman at the desk even called after I was there for a few minutes to make sure I had everything I needed.  She also directed me to a pharmacy so I could pick up a few items for the next day.  I found them with a last-minute hotel app on my phone, so I wasn't even paying full price.  I will make my next NYC reservations here--no doubt!  Thank you so much, Lex!!!
bubble_50	Great night in this cute hotel. Amazing location, super clean room, comfy bed, sparking bathroom. Best thing though - the staff. Every single person was incredibly friendly at all times during our stay - and we didnt even need to ask for anything at any stage. We arrived earlier than check in to drop off our bag, but were upgraded by the lovely guy at the desk so that we could go straight to the room. Will be coming back whenever in New York!
bubble_50	My stay at The Lex was excellent.  The room was small but top of the line bedding, clean and modern dcor, modern and clean bathroom with a nice shower, Nice Samsung flat panel tv and a small desk area for laptop.  I'm from NYC and I visit on business now.  Extremely friendly staff and totally safe which is important as a female traveler.
bubble_50	Staff were professional, polite and welcoming. Room was nice size and balcony was fun to have.  Extremely clean room and bathroom with a great shower and lots of hot water. Complementary bottled water, daily, was a nice touch. Will definitely stay here again and recommend to others.
bubble_50	Great location. Clean. Friendly staff. Comfy beds. Very nice! Rooms could use better soundproofing. The overall experience was very positive and the Lex was a delight to return to at the end of a hard day pounding pavement in NYC.
bubble_50	Very friendly, very clean, and in a great spot. We really enjoyed our stay, and would return. Room is a little small but very comfortable. Lovely staff and nice breakfast to set you up for the day. The manicurist next door is excellent too.
bubble_50	Front desk staffs are friendly and helpful, very comforting when staying in a big city like New York. We were offered free bottles of water, and location is great. Public transportation is a block away, and we can practically walk everywhere. The only drawback is the small size of the room. It's OK if you just come back to sleep only, which was perfect for us. The AC unit did make quite a loud noise the first night when we stayed in a queen room. The noise was not there when we switched to a junior suite room.
bubble_50	I felt pampered. The friendliness, courtesy, and helpfulness of the staff knew no limits, even offering a cup of milk with the evening cookies. Their info sheet to the neighborhood & hotel merits A+. The convenient location among Indian and Thai restaurants and on bus lines, is extremely walkable for meandering around Lexington, Park, 3rd Ave, etc. The room was quiet, dark at night, and perfectly functional, and was expanded by an outdoor balcony with a lounge chair. I immensely enjoyed the stay and wholeheartedly recommend The Lex.
bubble_50	No complaints at all about this hotel. This was my second time staying here and it's only gotten better. Wine and cheese reception, SUPER friendly and helpful staff....the kind of experience you want in NYC. My past 2 trips have been for business, but I will definitely come back to The Lex with family.
bubble_50	Hotels location offers, Easy public transport to museums, theaters and shopping. Convenience of several drop-off laundry places (travelers best friend). Great front desk for suggestion and planning of stay. Rooms clean and efficient....don't expect too much in decor.
bubble_50	Reasonably priced (for NY of course), with excellent service. the rooms were small, but well appointed and super clean. But for me, it all comes back to the staff. One morning I went out for breakfast, instead of eating the continental spread the hotel provides included in the price. A staff member followed me outside to remind me about the hotel's breakfast. I said maybe I will get a piece of fruit later. When I came back an hour later, he had a basket of fruit to give me to take my room!
bubble_50	I stayed for one night and it was absolutely perfect. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful; the rooms are on the smaller side, yet clean and comfortable. I normally stay in 4-5 star rated hotels and would absolutely recommended staying here.
bubble_40	Check-in was easy, the room and bathroom were clean with attractive, minimalist decor, and the breakfast was perfect for getting the day started.  A little bit noisy, but nothing my phone noise generator couldn't fix.  Great, relatively low cost option for NYC!
bubble_50	I was made to feel right at home by the front desk staff and I shared an elevator with a maintenance man who was very friendly also. Since I don't sleep well on the road this went a long way to a very relaxed few nights. My room was clean and everything functioned perfectly. There was no bothersome noise from other guests. On my way out on a rainy morning I was greeted with an umbrella. All in all a pleasant surprise for a Manhattan boutique hotel.
bubble_40	I stayed 2 nights at The Lex, and I was very happy with it. The staff were friendly as can be and very helpful. My room was cozy (small, but not claustrophobic) and immaculate, with a nice & simple style. The rooms toward the front of the hotel look out on an interesting old building (national guard armory?). Street noise was really minimal. The only reason I didn't give The Lex 5 stars is that it lacks a bar in the lobby. Maybe that's unfair, though. If I could give it 4 and 3/4 stars, I would. Bar or no bar, I definitely WOULD stay at The Lex again. It gets good reviews for a reason.  P.S. - One of the hotel staff recommended Penelope's (Lexington Ave & 30th - maybe 5 min walk North) for breakfast, and it was outstanding. Also, if you like Indian food, there's an entire block
bubble_50	We loved this hotel. The room was bigger than expected, given we were in NY, with a good bathroom. The front desk people were unfailingly friendly, polite & helpful. We had a room at the front of the hotel on the 5th floor and didn't find the traffic noise to be a problem. The breakfast was the usual bagel, Danish, coffee but adequate. Not much seating as it was served in the small lobby. We walked to Times Square, Empire State Building, 5th Ave, but there is a metro close by. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	Spent the weekend in this hotel and everything about the visit was great.  We had a room in the back of the building, complete with a little patio which was a nice treat.  The rooms are small but efficiently laid out.  Bathroom was clean and appeared to have been recently renovated.    Having lived in NYC for the past couple of years (just moved and was back for a quick visit), the thing that struck me about this hotel was how quiet it was.  Staff was incredibly helpful, and the location is good for getting around the city (proximity to trains was a bit of an issue, but certainly not a deterrent).  After leaving the Lex checked in to a much fancier hotel courtesy of work, but still much preferred the Lex.    Not pretentious at all, free wifi, light breakfast all at a very
bubble_50	My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Lex in October. The Lex really exceeded our expectations. Service was above and beyond, the rooms are clean and new, and despite having a room with a window right on Lexington Avenue, noise was not a factor at all. The two of us shared a queen room and while it was quite "cozy" I don't feel like we needed anything larger for the amount of time we were there. The neighborhood is great - tons of fun bars and restaurants on Third Avenue and it really is quite easy to get just about anywhere in Manhattan from there. The breakfast was a nice surprise - just some fruit, coffee and pastries, but it is a nice option to have particularly when one has an early morning flight. The Lex is now on our short list of preferred hotels in NYC. I'm sure we'll
bubble_50	I found this hotel to be very accessible to the subway as well as other modes of transportation.  It was not too long a walk to get to Times Square.  The hotel was clean and the staff very helpful and accommodating.
bubble_50	We stayed 5 nights at the Lex arriving late at night. The staff are very very helpful and friendly but not intrusive into your day with over polite questions that are asked for the sake of it. When they ask if you had a good day and where have you been they are interested in conversation and discussing your views. Even better is to discuss what you want to do next and they are full of inside knowledge and helpful tips. The rooms are a bit on the small side but ours was ok. Let's face it, you should be spending maybe 12 or 15 hours a day out of the room visiting and eating, the other time just asleep in the hotel. Bathrooms are very modern. The whole hotel is very clean and well managed. Breakfast is 'sold' as grab and go. Just some juice, tea, coffee, pastries etc. in all that
bubble_50	We stayed in nyc for 4 nights at the Lex, a very good hotel, very clean, supplied all our needs. the room itself is not too fancy, but the staff are very helpful and nice.  the only bad thing I can say is that the rooms are pretty small and there is not too much space, especially if you have baggage. the hotel location is pretty good, lots of nice restaurants in the area(many of them are indian), only 3 minutes away from the no. 6 subway station, and 10 minutes walk from union square and madison square. relatively to it's price and other nyc hotels, the lex has great value.
bubble_40	I've stayed at the Lex Hotel twice and as a solo traveler I think it's perfect!  The rooms are very small but comfortable and clean. The hotel is on the newer side and the decor, flooring, bathrooms reflect that..  I don't know that I'd stay here when traveling with my partner.. I'm afraid we'd not have enough space.  We spend most of our days and nights out in the city when we come to NYC... but this is the smallest room I've yet to inhabit.   However, once again...everything was immaculate!  And the front desk is super friendly during check-in and always available to help with questions, maps, hailing a taxi, etc.   They also offer a continental breakfast.. coffee, juice, pastries and fruit.   The location in the Nomad area and is convenient for most attractions, great
bubble_50	A great base from which to explore NYC. So near to so many iconic buildings you are within walking distance. The hotel is very comfortable, clean and the staff are really friendly and helpful. NYC is a noisy city, car users do love to use their horns throughout the day and night so would recommend ear plugs if you prefer a quiet night. We couldn't have picked a better hotel or location. Thanks to all the team at The Lex NYC for an amazing stay!
bubble_50	Stayed Saturday to Monday, mid-October 2014.  Room looked newly renovated, immaculate down to the white grout.  Sparkling tile, sharp contemporary styling.  Quality amenities with extras like body wash, shower cap, q-tips, etc.  Personable young staff, very alert, always remembered us, greeted us by name, gave good advice on restaurants, etc. This is a small hotel, so while there is no coffee service in the room, the lobby is a short distance.  No hallway ice machine, pop machine, but staff member brought us ice in a minute. Staff member printed our airplane boarding pass and brought it up to the room, getting us in Southwest "A" group.   Did not hear other rooms, neighbors, or traffic at all.  I think there were less than 10 rooms on a floor, only 8 floors, so never had to wait
bubble_50	We recently stayed at the lex and we couldn't have been more pleased. The staff was more than accommodating for any and every request we had. The rooms were clean,  nicely appointed and modern. The complementary breakfast in the morning was a nice bonus with pastries, muffins, fresh fruit, coffee, tea etc. the location was great and very central to everything and the Madison square park was a perfect refuge for our kids when we needed a rest from the buzz of the city.  This is a must stay in a city where the hotels are overpriced and underserviced, the lex Is a real gem and we will definitely be back.
bubble_50	The Lex is a great option for those considering quiet, value, location, and exceptional customer service. NYC space premiums aside, The Lex staff appreciates the impact great customer service can make for its guests. From offering an umbrella on a rainy day to writing a hand written note of congratulations for an anniversary, The Lex staff got it right. All of the little things added up to make a great stay. I've stayed in NYC lots and lots for business and otherwise--but my stay at the Lex gave me reason to write my first review on Trip advisor. I really appreciate what the Lex is and what it does. Book with confidence.
bubble_50	I am writing this review and we did not stay at the hotel. My wife and daughter were planning to stay at The Lex last weekend. But we had a medical emergency the day before arrival. The hotel was very understanding and helpful in canceling the stay. Sometimes life gives us curves and The Lex were thoughtful.  Thank you Marc
bubble_50	Awesome hotel, awesome service and central location which makes it easy to walk to most places. the staff was very friendly and always willing to give tips and suggestions regarding tourist attractions. Rooms are "cozy" and just so beautiful and clean.
bubble_40	Stayed for 6 nights, staff was very nice and helpful with recommendations for excursions. quiet area, not too noisy so able to sleep. room was very clean, okay size for NYC, and was 3 or 5 blocks from two Metro stops so no need for cabs.  Starbucks on next block almost made up for no in-room coffee (and there's coffee in the lobby and croissants/fruit). Not the prettiest area but convenient and safe. Overall, good value and location.
bubble_40	The staff of this hotel could not have been nicer.  Our room was ample by NY standards, clean, modern decor, perfectly appointed.  The location is great as well, within walking distance of eataly and a few minutes to the midtown tunnel.  We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would book this hotel again.
bubble_50	We booked this hotel based on all the great reviews.  It did not disappoint.   It is clean, great location, and the friendliest staff by far. We went with the standard queen and found it roomy.   Continental breakfast that is included with the room is quite a nice touch. We were on the 5th floor and had a room at the end of the floor.  Besides the a/c, we did not hear too many other noises.
bubble_40	A great stay. Very helpful front desk doing a maximum of effort to make our stay a great one. A tasty breakfast although no much choices. The Subway is very close to the hotel. Many restaurants and caffs in the area.
bubble_50	We had the pleasure of staying at The Lex in September 2014. Excellent staff who were very friendly and thoughtful. Water bottles each day were supplied. Breakfast was included and consisted of quality fruit, continental pasties and tea/coffee. Room had Kleenex tissues rather than cheap variety. We arrived early and our room was ready. A great find!
bubble_50	I spent four nights here on a business trip and was delighted.  Very friendly team, the rooms were perfectly clean, and the location was great.  The free breakfast is a nice touch, too.  The neighborhood is a good spot - a short walk to Madison Park, Union Square, lots of restaurants.  Subway a few blocks away.  The rooms aren't huge, but nor do they feel cramped.  Overall a very good value and I would definitely come back.
bubble_50	My fiance and I stayed here for 5 nights in the lead up to our wedding day, before moving to a different location to be close to family. It was the perfect base to explore one of our favourite parts of Manhattan (the Flatiron district) and to finish off our wedding prep. We loved how close the hotel is to Madison Square gardens and the famous Shake Shack. Very handy for a quick late night burger!   This is a very small hotel and the lobby is tiny, but for what The Lex lacks in lobby/lounging space, it far makes up for in room space, service and amenities. We booked a 'cosy queen' room, expecting it to be a shoebox. We were very pleasantly surprised to find that it was modestly sized. There was enough space to leave our suitcases at the end of the bed, a wardrobe (I had no
bubble_40	very good location, excellent service, modern and comfortable room, complementary wifi and breakfast, the overall price is high but the overall proposition is up to the expectations. I recommend this hotel for any business trip in the gramercy / flatiron district.
bubble_50	We stayed for 5 nights and from arrival to checkout knew we'd made the right choice. Great location with easy access uptown and downtown. Lots of places within walking distance for those not so keen on walking!  Everything nice and clean with super helpful and friendly staff. We had a cozy room which suited us fine as we weren't planning on staying in our room much apart from sleeping. It was noisy but this is NYC and you expect that. The hotel supplies ear plugs on request but I found cotton wool did ok and my husband didn't need anything. It was our anniversary and their was a sweet note and chocolate in our room when we arrived which was lovely and much appreciated after a 2 hour wait in customs and the taxi drive from the airport making me ill! A real gem and would return
bubble_40	I really liked this low key hotel.  Its a small operation, but offers great value.  Rooms are decent size for NY, everything is new and clean, Wifi is free and works perfectly fine, staff is very courteous, price was more than reasonable.  The hotel doesn't have some bells and whistles, but personally I don't care about that - it is simply a solid hotel, in a good, central location, offering great value and a pleasant stay.  Thanks!
bubble_50	Fantastic small boutique hotel centrally located but away from the bustle. Nice room with huge new bath and the place is immaculate. Everyone who works there is very friendly and helpful. Great deal!!
bubble_50	Every employee of this hotel were very kind and helpful. I 'm very happy to find this hotel in NYC so called "hotel's tomb" Rexington Av. is near to the fifth av. , line 6 to JKF airport  and  the south area. So I thought I was nice location.  And near the famous roof-top "320 5th" I was very satisfied about all of things in hotel.
bubble_50	Lovely little hotel where the staff remembers your name throughout the day.  With so much attention I wondered at some point if we were the only guests in the hotel, considering how new it is, and maybe not that well known.  Turns out I was wrong.  There were plenty of guests which I met in the morning, at breakfast.  Rooms were very clean, everything is new and good quality, the bed was comfortable.  Even though we had a room towards Lexington Ave, the sound-proofing was rather good, and had not trouble with the noise from that busy street.
bubble_50	The Lex Hotel is a quality hotel. We decided before booking we would spend a little more on our hotel in New York having stayed in Iceland for a few days prior to our arrival. It didn't take long browsing through all the booking websites to find something in the right area at the right price. All the reviews about it being clean and having good service were spot on and so we didn't hesitate to book. The price was very reasonable compared to every other hotel that claimed to be of a similar standard too.  Upon arrival we were greeted at the door check in was simple and straight forward and the staff were very informative and genuinely interested in our plans.  We got to our room, dropped off our luggage and got ready to head out and in that short time (10-15 minutes) The staff
bubble_50	After a very bad experience in another hotel in NYC, we found The Lex NYC! It was a great stay: very new hotel, friendly staff, the bed is very comfortable and nice breakfast too - for sure, next time we will visit NYC, we will stay there!
bubble_50	Super friendly staff at the front desk, they let us doing the check in prior 3pm and they were very helpfully during our stay. The room and the entire Hotel was very clean. They are also a pet friendly Hotel. So next time we will visiting NYC, for sure we will bring our dog with us. Definitely we would recommend The Lex to a friend
bubble_40	A clean, nicely appointed, well-located business travel hotel with helpful staff. The only issue I had was with the inferior soundproofing between rooms (via connecting doors). This needs to be improved as one can hear virtually anything (including conversations) going on in the adjacent suite. Since I was getting up early for work this didn't much matter - but if you were traveling for pleasure, sleeping in might be a problem. Comfy beds, nice clean modern bathrooms. Good central location.   As always in NY, ask for a higher floor room and one at the side or back.  However, even if you are on the front of the building the windows are pretty soundproof and Lexington is not terribly noisy in the middle of the night.
bubble_40	The Lex is a great choice, the staff are so friendly and helpful. The rooms are modern and clean with good facilities. The beds are super comfortable. The location is good.  For the price this place was great!
bubble_40	This is a small hotel with limited amenities, but reasonably priced for NYC.  It is next door to Baruch college and near many restaurants in the area.  The Superior Queen room was small with only one queen bed but very comfortable.  The balcony faced the  neighboring buildings with no view.
bubble_50	We spent 4 nights end of August in this hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly all the time not just for problems and questions concerning the room but also for sightseeing recommendations, The room was clean and comfortable and big enough for New York standards. Tuesdays there's complementary wine and cheese. Absolute recommendation!
bubble_50	Small hotel, with a lovely staff, well appointed rooms, and high quality continental breakfast (amazing croissants!).  This is my new favorite in NYC. The Lex is less than a year old and in pristine condition.  They did not skimp on quality beds, linens, or fixtures.  Although the rooms are standard size for NYC, the bathroom was spacious - with a lovely large shower.   The best part of this hotel was the staff!  You can tell they love working for this company and this is their city.  Great recommendations for meals, transportation, parking, etc.  I have stayed in several large and small hotels in NYC, this one is at the top on my list.
bubble_50	Can highly recommend. All of the staff were friendly, helpful,  courteous and thoughtful.  Rooms aren't huge but big enough and clean Convenient location away from the hustle & bustle with subway nearby
bubble_50	Couldn't have asked for anything more. Definitely worth the visit if you're ever in NYC. The staff was amazing and the rooms were great. Bathroom was in pristine condition. I had a room with a terrace but didn't really use it as it faced what looked like smoke stacks. Would have preferred a different view, but I got that by exploring the city.
bubble_50	I stayed here when traveling to the city to help move my daughter into her Murray Hill apartment.  The room was small, but everything was clean and in working order.  I found the staff to be exceptionally friendly.  It was an enjoyable stay, and a good value in the city.
bubble_50	This is a very nice hotel in a very convenient location. The front desk employees couldn't be more helpful. They do everything to make you feel welcome and comfortable. The rooms are very comfortable although not overly large. The price for such a nice hotel is truly a bargain! I definitely plan to stay at the Lex the next time I am in New York.
bubble_40	This hotel surprised me!  It was extremely clean with nice, updated bathroom with good water pressure, even had a small balcony off our room.  Very comfortable bed, nicely appointed bedding.  Free continental breakfast, good coffee!  Extremely helpful and friendly staff.  Convenient and reasonably priced parking garage just around the corner.  Under $300.  I would stay here again and highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	What a hidden gem tucked in an easily accessible part of Manhattan! I got the AAA price of $189 for the balcony rooms (which I recommend highly) over the Labor Day weekend. I drove in from Philly & found plenty of street parking for free both days (Sun & holiday) in the block next to The Lex. The front desk staff are VERY friendly & welcoming; its pretty no-frills (no bar, restaurant, gym) however they do include free wifi & a nice, fresh, breakfast of baked goods & coffee- in fact they'll bring you coffee & tea anytime you want. The rooms are decent sized for NYC & I loved the balcony (no view except neighbors thru the airshaft-but really relaxing) a balcony in NYC is a rare treat. The bed is comfy, bathroom large, modern w/ nice smelling soaps & lotions. A 20 min walk to
bubble_50	I chose this over larger hotels for its location and because it just looked nice online. I wash;t disappointed. From the fast and friendly check-in to the equally efficient and friendly check-out, I couldn't have been happier. Clean room, comfy bed, free wifi and water (little touches like this matter), and in a fabulous location for exploring. I'd happily stay here again.
bubble_50	I've stayed here three times, and should have written after the first.  Rooms are very small, but all new, with high quality mattresses, linens and pillows.  Bathrooms have little room for a lady's stuff -- no counter space for make-up and curling irons! -- but clean and new with a good shower. The front desk staff and housekeeping staff are very nice and very efficient.  And the continental breakfast in the lobby is very much appreciated!  Please put a mirror above the desk so I can use it as a make-up table/vanity!
bubble_50	The Lex is a boutique hotel - so the rooms are small. But do not let that put you off as the service at the hotel and quality of room and bathroom are impeccable. Add to that a super position in the centre of New York and it would be hard to find a much better place to stay at the fair price charged for the accommodation. The staff were very helpful and the style of rooms in this new hotel are contemporary New York. We arrived early but as there was already a room available - we checked straight in. Our room faced an old brick wall and iconic water tower but a balcony was a great design touch that prevented the room feeling blocked in and oppressive - making a feature of the quite typical rear view from many of this type of fill-in building in New York. A little breakfast of
bubble_50	I was greeted by an enthusiastic employee working the front desk who was very friendly and accommodating.  I lost my license in my travels and had no photo ID and they accommodated me.  The person at the desk gave me a piece of paper showing me useful information about the area.  This is a newer hotel added within the past year so all furnishings were in excellent condition.  No coffee maker in room which I missed however it is has beautiful art deco functional rooms and my room was exceptionally clean.  Excellent value and excellent customer service make this hotel one of the finds of the year.  Good sized room and balcony at rear of building.
bubble_50	Every staff member was hospitable and genuine. It is clear they take pride in their service and reputation of the hotel. Our every need was taken care of.   The rooms were extremely clean and well maintained. We had a standard room facing Lexington Avenue and slept with the screened window open all night. We could definitely hear the city noise, however we enjoy the sounds of NYC and it doesnt keep us from sleeping.    The location was perfect for us, as we wanted to concentrate on the lower portion of Manhattan exclusively and we enjoy staying in the quieter more residential neighborhoods. We appreciate the free Internet in the rooms and also appreciated the coffee and delicious croissants on the continental breakfast. It is a nice touch and more than we have received at other
bubble_50	Just returned from an enjoyable stay. We received a telephone call after we checked in from the front desk to see how we liked our room.The room was very nice. We were on the 7th floor towards the back of the hotel, with a small balcony. Good size room for New York hotels and large modern bathroom. They offer continental breakfast in the lobby from 7-9, coffee, muffins, croissants, fruit etc. Staff was super nice and friendly. Cute upscale boutique hotel for the price. This will be my new place to stay when visiting NYC!
bubble_50	For the price I expected to be a bit dissapointed, but the room was clean and spacious, the bathroom was the best I have had in a hotel, and I have truly never experienced such an attentive and friendly staff!  The hotel was full but the gentleman who checked me in remembered my name and room whenever I came in or asked for any assistance. This was one of the cheapest options in the area but I had a better experience than my coworkers who stayed at more expensive hotels!
bubble_40	My family stayed at Lex NYC in early August 2014 for six nights in two rooms. Being a recently new hotel everything was in order. The sheets were clean and crisp and the bed was very comfortable. The Internet was super fast which allowed me to stay in contact with my family using Viber. A free breakfast service was also supplied and one afternoon wine and cheese platter was put on for the hotel guests. We found Nick at the front reception very friendly with advice about New York. I mentioned on my second morning their was no magnifying mirror in the room which I use to put my contacts lense in. On returning that night a mirror was in the room.
bubble_50	A fantastic hotel. The staff was outstanding and helpful. Our room was just perfect for us, very clean and the sheets were soft and crisp. Loved the breakfast as well. One of the best hotel experiences I've ever had.
bubble_50	We spent a week at the Lex NYC in July 2014 on our stay in the city. We had booked a cheap room and were not expecting much considering how expensive it usually is to stay in New York.  However, from the point we arrived at the hotel we knew we had made the right choice picking the Lex. The lobby area was clean and stylish, the personnel were extremely helpful and professional.  Our room was small, which we knew already in advance, and it also happened to be on the 2nd floor with windows giving straight to Lexington Avenue. Surprisingly, we had no trouble with the street noise. The room was modern and they clearly have paid attention to sound insulation with their windows.  Everything in the room was spotless, almost as if we had been the first guests there (I doubt that, but
bubble_40	I was happy with the accommodations - better than I expected - but blown away by the staff who could not have been more friendly and helpful. The entrance is tucked away in an otherwise not attractive block of Lex, but the neighborhood was fine - no issues with safety detected. The room was bigger than the New York average in this range, and everything worked and was clean. A great find and extremely satisfied with the choice.
bubble_50	Location is perfect, the hotel is clean and modern. The staff was so helpful and friendly, they really made sure our stay was as pleasant as possible. The best hotel I've stayed at in NYC. Will be back.
bubble_50	I stayed at the Lex NYC Hotel in April 2014.  I was in NYC for a week on business.  I got a great deal on the room, so I was very happy about that.    The room was clean, the sheets were a very nice, soft and crisp white cotton.  The bed was comfortable, not too soft, not too hard.  Yes, I am fussy.   The bathroom was spectacular, nice tile, very modern, and came complete with some pretty fantastic products.    There is a free breakfast, which included coffee, tea, juice, doughnuts, muffins and some pretty good croissants.  I think there was some yogurt, but I am dairy free, so I didn't eat that.  Too much sugar and not enough protein for me, but it was nice to start with coffee and the nice, fresh croissant.    The location was superb for my needs, close to the subway, and
bubble_40	Staff is phenomenal. Very clean rooms. Nice free breakfast. Good location near 3 subway stops. Good restaurants in the area. Rooms a little on the small side but bathrooms are quite large. The desks are small - hard to work in the room. There is a lot of sound transfer between the rooms. Very nice TV with great HD channel selection - unlike so many other hotels.
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I went to NY to see a show and booked the Lex...it was fantastic! We had a little issue with our room and called the front desk, our room was switched right away and we received an upgrade at no charge. Only a couple blocks from the 6 line (subway) which is a pretty major route! We will definitely stay next time we go to the city!
bubble_50	great affordable hotel if you want Union Square location. Excellent customer service, friendly, helpful, whatever you need. Basic, very clean room, comfortable beds. Overall great stay, would stay there again and highly recommend.
bubble_50	For my first Tim in NYC, I couldn't have stayed at a nicer place.  It was perfectly located, very nice, and I've never experienced a more polite staff from every person working there.  The rooms are small, and virtually no lobby, but that is what to expect from a 'boutique' hotel.  I wouldn't bring my family of 4 here as rooms too small for that. But if I came with my wife or by myself,  this is certainly the place I'd stay.  And the price was great, booked as a package with my flight, it was just $125 - in Manhattan!  Right I the heart of curry hill, there are Indian restaurants everywhere, and it's close to Neue House shared work zone, it's the perfect hotel for that place.
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I spent 5 nights in New York. The Lex Hotel was a excellent chioce. The hotel have a great value for money. I would stay at this hotel again. All the staff are very friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	Very good service ,  the staff was very friendly .they have  free breakfast , free wifi. Room was very clean ,  small but decent room .bathroom was beautiful . I like the floor was very cute. They know what to do . very impressed by the service .  I had great time staying here.
bubble_50	From the moment we got to the hotel, the staff was always extremly nice, helpfull and always available.  The room was good, clean, and the bed was comfy enough. The breakfast could be better but it's enough to get you going: coffee, tea, something to eat. Simple but practical. The area is ok, easy to get around and safe.
bubble_50	Had to make a last minute trip to NYC and stay near the Armory. The Lex is a relatively new hotel, with a bright, clean interior and great furnishings. The staff were extremely helpful, and really helped with giving me a "boutique" feel. Absolutely going to stay there in the future.
bubble_50	This hotel is new and it shows--in a good way. Everything is clean and modern, the staff is polite, and the location is wonderful. I was worried that the room would be too small, but it was perfectly sized for me (though it might be a little small for more people/a family). Very little issues with noise, though the walls did seem pretty thin Only con is the view (or lack thereof); also, it would have been nice to have a trash can in the bathroom.
bubble_50	Family of 4, two rooms next to each other for 7 nights.  Really liked the hotel.  No frills. Very clean, great staff.  All the good reviews are true! They upgraded one of our rooms from cozy to balcony as I had requested at no charge.  Very accommodating staff.  Would most definitely recommend it.
bubble_40	This hotel is new and the staff are looking to impress. The price and service were a nice surprise, hopefully the staff and management can keep continue to operate with such positive attitudes and service. Kudos to the staff.   A few notes: -Parking within a few blocks - Chrysler building 1mi away - if you love Indian food, this is a    GREAT location - free parking Sundays - head N on Lexington to catch the Metro
bubble_50	Great Location!!!! I felt like I was in an apartment living in the city. Staff was very helpful and accommodating. Area was nice and walking distance to some good restaurants. Rooms with balcony are more spacious than the rooms without but overall very comfortable. Oh!! and the bed was the highlight. Very comfortable!!! slept like a rock
bubble_50	The Lex is a wonderful, boutique hotel near the lower east side. The hotel staff is super friendly and the rooms are extremely clean and quiet!! The location of the hotel is within an easy walk to the subway and many restaurants and shops.
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I have just come back from a five-night stay at The Lex NYC Hotel. This is a truly excellent hotel if you're looking for somewhere of great value. It's a five minute walk from the nearest subway station (23rd & Park) so the location is pretty good, and it was an extremely quiet place to stay despite being next to a college building. As a new hotel, it is very clean and the decor is nice and modern. However, the best thing about the hotel is the staff. We had a number of questions that needed answering regarding local travel, places to eat, the Citi Bike's and many others, and no matter who was on the desk, they helped us with an answer. They were truly nice people who genuinely cared about our stay in the city, which was a nice thing. Also served was a small,
bubble_50	My husband and I needed a comfortable, quiet, clean,and hospitable place to stay while visiting a son living four blocks away.  The staff of this boutique hotel was intent on pleasing guests while offering a quiet respite from the city noise.  The hotel was pristine in cleanliness and comfort.  We recommend this establishment without hesitation and plan to return upon on our next visit.
bubble_40	If you have a brief stay in NYC and are looking for a great value in a good location, this property is a good choice.  No frills but a very comfortable bed and surprinsingly quiet.  The continental bfast was a nice touch and the service was exceptional.
bubble_40	Fine value hotel. Excellent staff and service. Rooms very small but they clearly upgraded them with quality systems, didn't just cover them with fancy fabrics or marble. New bathrooms and air systems, electrical connections. Dinky lobby. Continental breakfast is minimal but plenty of places in area with top breakfast. (Sarabeth a block away.) Fantastic Indian restaurants up the street and great location for taxis and walking everywhere.
bubble_50	Great place to stay in Manhattan.  Wonderful, helpful staff, very clean accommodations for the traveler who is not looking to visit the hotel but see the city and have a great place to come back to at night.
bubble_30	I spent just one night here for work, and the first impressions were great. I asked for a quiet room, and got one away from the elevator in the back of the building. It was on the second floor, with a "terrace" that was basically the bottom of a shaft. Nevertheless, it was quiet.   The room itself was very, very tight, but I felt that the designers made the best use of the space. Ceiling height was great, which made it much less claustrophobic. I believe I had a standard queen room, and it is really suitable only for 1 person to stay in. I would go insane with another person. Everything was brand new, and I loved the floor to ceiling headboard for the bed. It really classed up the room, even though the rest of it was pretty blah.  The most outstanding feature of my room by far
bubble_50	This hotel only provides accommodation on check in, so if you are tired from travel and did not have enough hours of sleep then you are not going to find a place to crash until the hotel check in hour.  There is small waiting area and I was shocked to find my mother sitting on the couch sleeping when I return at 4pm after no one called as I was promised to let me know about room availability over an hour before.   It did not look good.  Also, when I called I was told our view will be facing Boruk College building which sounded exciting instead we were facing the walls all around the window.  I cannot travel afar because of my disability and Manhattan has become my vacation destination.  Since we are locals we do not do much sight seeing and spend half of time in the room,
bubble_40	Made my reservation on Expedia...I don't know what happened, but is thought I was at the lexington hotel, which I've stayed before..but, what a nice surprise!!!  The Lex was a very nice boutique hotel, wonderful, helpful staff.  Nice continental breakfast & since we were there on Tuesday, had a evening wine & cheese spread.  Hotel is new & very clean & quiet!
bubble_50	I stayed at the Lex Hotel with my Boyfriend and it was great. I am pretty particular about Hotels. First off let me say I have travelled to many places including NYC before and I have never come across such great staff members. They were warm, friendly, welcoming and the great part each one was super knowledgeable of their surroundings and was great at helping you plan your days, NYC is Big and so much to see, so they were great at giving some guidance. The rooms were very clean and Modern and had little extra touches. Location was excellent and everything was easily accessible to everywhere by walking and or by Train I highly reccommend this hotel for anyone looking for the above mentioned and on my next trip I will def being returning!
bubble_50	An excellent and friendly hotel with super clean rooms and comfortable beds.    Staff:  everyone acts as if they're part-owner, as if they have a personal stake in making sure things are just right.  Seems it's a happy and well-managed place.  Room was immaculate.  Maybe a second trash can in the bathroom would help (but not a big deal).  Bathroom was so clean.  I had to rush out in the morning, and I was checked out and in a cab (with hotel staff help) before I knew it.  I want to mention that I had emailed with a special request to stay up and away from the street noise, as I had a bit of an issue with street noise in a prior stay.  They put me way upstairs in the back, and it was wonderful.  Plus they wrote a note by hand welcoming me back, which was in the room when I
bubble_50	Where else can you stay and be greeted by the GM of a hotel, who takes a genuine interest in your experience at his property? The Lex NYC. My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at this delightful small property this past weekend. Upon arrival, we were treated like returning guests. The GM Matt and his well-trained team are there to serve and that they did.  We received an upgrade without asking and our bags were brought up to our room while we were parking our vehicle. The front desk manager, Omar, could not do enough to make our stay a pleasant one. Lots of great surprises including having dessert delivered to our table at the restaurant that Omar had booked at our request. We were stunned and delighted to say the least!  The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was well
bubble_40	This is a new hotel, only open for about three months.  The service and staff did an outstanding job and are very accommodating.  The real surprise in this NYC boutique hotel is the size of the bathrooms.  Very large for a boutique... as large or larger than a chain hotel.  As most rooms in NYC they are a bit small but the design takes advantage by the layout.  I was impressed and will stay there again.
bubble_50	Our 3 night stay at The Lex was excellent. Our standard queen room was very big considering rooms in New York are typically small. The room was well furnished with lovely dark wood furniture, a large flat-screen TV and the bathroom was especially contemporary and clean. The maids service was excellent and they cleaned so thoroughly we felt like we had a brand new room every day. We very much appreciated the soft new towels to come back to.  The staff were friendly and helpful and one member of staff went out of his way to hail us a cab as we struggled to do so in the street outside.  The location of the hotel was good - only 2 blocks from a subway station and close to Madison Square park. The hotel is not exactly in the hustle and bustle of Manhattan but it doesn't take long at
bubble_40	I booked 2 jr. suites for my sisters bachelorette party, and had a great visit! There was plenty of space in each room for people to get ready and hang out before dinner. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Only drawbacks were that they only had one guest fridge (that they thankfully lent us) and the rooms faced a brick wall.
bubble_50	We were amazed by the staff, extremely friendly and helpful.  Rooms were great, just what you need, and affordable. Also everything is new and looks well.  Great location in midtown, close to Madison Square Park.
bubble_50	For me this hotel was a real find. Good location - fairly near subway and lots of restaurants and convenience stores nearby. Around 1 mile from Penn Station. Stayed 3 nights. Staff went out of their way to be helpful always. Room smallish but really well appointed boutique-style. Light breakfast served in lobby. Tuesday evenings free wine get-together.
bubble_50	Just finished a quick trip to NYC and tried out The Lex.  What a delightful hotel. None of the typical New York attitude where front of door staff feel they should be on the silver screen rather than dealing with you. No attendants who are more bothered about tips than service and no room so small you have to take turns in the bathroom.  From the moment we arrived we were met with smiles and genuine warmth. Front desk could not have been more pleasant and offered good advice with plenty of local knowledge. They seemed to care about us having a good time.  Breakfast is good coffee (no "brown drinking fluid" here) and pastries in a self serve set up where staff are happy to help you up to your room should you accidentally overload.  Some rooms have balconies which is great but
bubble_40	I stayed 9 nights in this hotel on a solo vacation. The staff were friendly, very professional and always helpful. Location was great and I was very impressed overall by the level of service and the cleanliness of the room. Travelling solo, it was always comforting to come back to a friendly face at the desk and staff whom after a few days, greeted you by name. Before I went, I read reviews that it could be noisy, and being a light sleeper, I asked for a quiet room. All 9 nights I was there on the highest floor, I was never disturbed be it by hotel guests or traffic outside. During the day, you can hear occupants in the next room on their tele-conferences quite clearly, but at night, it is very quiet. If I could rank the things I found impressive about this place it would be
bubble_50	I spotted The Lex on TripAdvisor by accident, and i'm so glad I did. It's in a great location near Madison Sq Park, near the 4/5/6 and N/Q/R trains. Walking distance to everything if you want. Tons of awesome restaurants nearby. The hotel itself if totally great. Rooms are bigger than average and brand new. And the staff is great. Super find. I plan to stay there again.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Lex for 3 nights last week, We could not fault anything about the Hotel. The staff are so friendly and helpful, the hotel is spotless and the rooms was big compared to more expensive hotels in NYC We were given a room on the second floor at the front of the hotel initially, i was slightly worried that we would be kept awake by the road noise as we had spent the previous 3 nights at another hotel in the city and had not got much sleep. i went down to reception and the lady kindly  moved me to a room at the rear of the hotel without fuss. We slept like babies every night, it was lovely and quiet and the bed was lovely and comfortable. Thank You the Lex for making our stay so special.
bubble_50	Imagine an upscale, chic hotel with sizeable rooms and bathrooms and rates under $300 in NYC.  That's the Lex.  Conveniently located on Lexington and 25th, it's walkable to everywhere, save maybe Tribeca and Wall Street.  Impressed with the friendlilness and helpfulness of the staff.  The hotel has only been opened about 3 months, so everything was in excellent condition and very clean. Some rooms have balconies, but the view isn't much. Still it is nice to have a sliding door and window you can open for "fresh" (it's in NYC remember) air. I would return whenever in NYC
bubble_50	We had a great 5-day stay at The Lex NYC. Our room was small, but it was nice to have a balcony, esp this time of year. The hotel is fresh and new, still in great shape. Washrooms are immaculately clean and comfortable. I like this place because it has the feel of a 4 or 5 star hotel, but not the price tag, and with all the attractions of downtown Manhattan, this place was a comfortable, quiet place to sleep and unwind. The staff are all super friendly and accommodating, too! We would definitely stay there again.
bubble_40	friendly / helpful staff; clean, well appointed rooms; decent size for Manhattan close to Lexington line, walking distance to Flatiron + Greenwich Village; Dos Caminos + Penelope good recommendations!
bubble_50	PRO: Everything! Good room size and excellent room condition. Very helpful and very friendly staff. Fully recommendable.  CON: NOTHING at all (maybe the view from the room to the backyard - but it is NYC, so don't worry!!)
bubble_50	Great hotel! I will be back to this hotel for sure. I encourage others to attempt and stay at this hotel. Very clean rooms and friendly staff. Wifi is working great in most locations of the hotel including the room.
bubble_40	I was only at the Lex for 1 night, but it proved to be quite enjoyable and comfie.  I can't compliment the staff enough... each one I encountered was like a ray of sunshine and they definitely added value to the overall stay and experience.  Can't wait for their terrace to open up!
bubble_50	I booked this hotel for my family of 4.  When we arrived we were shown to the room I had booked--a room with 2 queens.  I was disappointed because it was on the ground floor, and the view was of a cinder block wall.    I went and spoke with the receptionist, and he said that that was the only double room in the hotel.  I went back to my room, and seriously considered finding a new hotel.  Just then the phone rang.  It was the front desk, telling us that they had two single rooms that adjoined, and saying that they would give us the two rooms for the same price as the room we had booked.  We were so happy and surprised that they were able to accommodate us in this way.  It was the perfect set up--kids in one room, parents in the other.  The rooms were modern, with great showers.
bubble_50	Totally enjoyed a three day stay. Room was clean and fresh, crisp linens,  comfortable bed and most important- quiet. Bathroom was much larger than any other hotel I've visited. Simple continental breakfast. I would highly recommend and plan to stay again.
bubble_50	I stayed there for 9 days. Very good location. Perfect and helpfull staff !!! - thanks guys !  Clean, safe, friendly place to stay in NY. Good continental breakfast (coffe, de-cofee, tee, cookies, fruits)  If I ever would be in NY again for sure I will stay there !
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed here for three nights while she was apartment hunting.  The room was comfortably clean, the bathroom was a good size, the bed comfortable, the breakfast adequate.  The thing I liked the most however was the staff.  They were friendly and helpful, and greeted me by name each time I entered the building.  Loved the generous supply of wAter bottles too!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our 4-night stay last week here.    Pros:   SUPER staff, friendly, helpful, anticipated our every need. CLEAN.  Bathroom, room, carpets were all very clean. WATER.  Loved the bottled water that appeared bedside every day. Wine & cheese on Tuesday night!  Nice spread. BREAKFAST:  good supply of coffee, fruit & pastries (the pain au chocolat was my fave.) STREET NOISE was MINIMAL.  I don't know where the other posters live who complained, but NYC is loud.  This place is in a quiet area and across the street from an Armory.  It was very quiet at night & didn't disrupt our sleep AT ALL.  We were on the Lexington side, btw.  CONS The walls ARE thin.  Thank God our neighbors were fairly quiet.  We could see that this might be an issue.  Ask for a room ending in "01"
bubble_50	I've stayed in Manhattan many times and this is the best little hotel I've ever stayed in.  The room is small, but plenty big enough for my purposes.  Huge TV (that I never watched; who watches TV on a NYC vacation?).  The bed and pillows were absolute heaven - so clean and super comfy.  Bathroom was sparkling and very pretty with all necessary amenities and great powerful shower.   The location is ideal, on Lexington between 25th and 26th in a quiet neighborhood and easy walking distance to Times Square, Penn and Grand Stations as well as a couple of lovely parks: Madison Square and Washington Square (both of which always have fun events on weekends).  The staff are all really friendly and go out of their way to be helpful.
bubble_50	The Lex hotel has only recently openned and is on Lexington Avenue between 25th and 26th Streets.   First of all, location -  It is about a mile and a half from Times Square and all of the attractions there, making it a $10-$15 cab ride (including tip) or 45-50 min walk away.  The Lex is also right next to the Number 6 line (lesss than 5 min walk away) which can take you straight to Grand Central Station, downtown to the Brooklyn Bridge or uptown to Central Park and Museum Row.  So while it may seem a little out of the way it really isn't once you learn to get around. Additionally, there are plenty of restaraunts located nearby and if you are a fan of Curry this place is right next to Little India so you can take your pick of about 10-15 different Indian restaraunts.  Finally if
bubble_50	We were very happy with this hotel and will definitely stay here again.  Very pleasant and good size room; nicely decorated; very clean and comfortable; good price; friendly and helpful staff; good area; 20 minute walk from GCT.
bubble_50	I loved the hotel and the decor but what i loved most about it was the staff, especially Nick Fanourgiakis who is the Front Manager.   He made sure my stay was memorable and fun which was exactly the experience i had.  The staff was so welcoming and they all made sure to wish me a happy birthday during my stay.  It made me feel special and not just another customer like the other hotels.  I would highly recommend this hotel during your stay in New York City!
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel recently on business travel. The one thing that was consistent is that the guests are HAPPY staying at this hotel. It really made me wish I was traveling for pleasure but what can you do! The staff to each guest was so accommodating and I just wanted to take a moment to note my experience. Nick  made my stay. Omar made my colleague's stay and I am so thankful. My colleague and I were preparing for a stressful meeting and I arrived much earlier than the team, Nick made sure that I had a place to work and connect online. Our presentations were delivered to the wrong hotel, Omar went to that hotel and picked up our presentations so that we didn't have to worry.  The hotel sits off the beaten path but still is 1 block from Park Avenue so, if you want the feel
bubble_40	My dad booked this hotel for our five day trip in NYC. The rooms are basic but perfect for the fact we only spent time in them to sleep, they are modern, clean and comfortable. exactly what you need after a long day of sight seeing in NYC. My dad had a very small room compared to mine with no bath (just shower) and no wardrobe; also he could hear through to the other rooms. My room on the other hand was great spacious and I heard no noise at all from other rooms. Breakfast is a pick up and go type of option but it suits the sight seeing type, the staff are extremely accommodating and know the area like the back of their hands, so can help with local attractions. I would stay at the Lex hotel again and I would recommend to anyone looking for a comfortable, modern and clean place
bubble_50	First of all, the front desk staff was very friendly and attentive. Our room was huge with high ceilings and  plenty of space for 4 people. The beds were comfortable, bathroom was sparkling clean. We had no issue with noise. They served a light continental breakfast in lobby for a "grab and go".  We will definitely stay again next time we are in the city as is suited all of our needs.
bubble_30	Stayed at this hotel very recently. The room was adequate but had no drawers for clothes, had paper thin walls and no double glazing, hence very noisy. Bathroom was adequate. Breakfast consisted of croissant and muffins plus coffee or tea, served in paper cups, paper plates and plastic utensils. All this is located in Hotel lobby, seating is on high chairs, some of which are  real health risk. The staff are marvellous, very helpful and friendly. The location is good but not great. Trip Advisor has this Hotel vastly overated.
bubble_50	Quiet, good size room (for NYC!).  Comfortable bed and excellent bathroom (with bathtub).  Staff were very friendly and helpful.  Good mid-town location, walking distance to both lower villages and times square.  For the low-end price, this hotel is outstanding value and would recommend highly to anyone.  We were lucky to stay on the top floor room 705 which has a small balcony and great city views.
bubble_20	Trip advisor always served us well in the past. But I am very disappointed this time. The biggest problem is the noise.  The wall is paper thin, but it is bearable as the other guests will not be chatting all the time.  The TRAFFIC NOISE outside however is horrendous, non-stop.  Room is TINY.  Okay for single occupancy. For couples like us, we could not unpack properly as the the storage is limited - wardrobe is small, the hanging rail is shorter than the depth of the wardrobe (not deep by any means), there were no drawers for underwear .... There is no kettle, no microwave, not even a drinking glass in the room. If you want a hot drink, you have to to go out. Location is not that great, being on the 24th east street.  The positives: The staff are polite, the room is clean. Ps,
bubble_50	We stayed over Easter weekend and really enjoyed our time here. We got in early and check in was a breeze. The hotel staff are so nice and helpful, it really makes all the difference in the level of service! They really went out of their way to ensure that we enjoyed our time there. We stayed in a Queen room with a comfortable bed, decent sized room with a large bathroom (bonus hair dryer!), and good sized closet. They also offer a complimentary continental breakfast with fresh pastries + coffee which was lovely!  Great location, near Madison Square park (Shakeshack!) and Eataly and Flatiron are a few blocks away!   Convenient location and close to the subway.  Honestly,  I would stay here again, it was quiet at night and that's important in a city that never sleeps!  We walked
bubble_50	Just returned from a week's stay at the Lex NYC, and it was a fantastic experience all round. The room was of a decent size, and spotlessly clean.   The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful and made us feel welcome, offering advice on airport transports, places to eat and drink and the like.  Location wise it is exactly what we wanted, mid-town Manhattan meaning you are very well connected and a short ride away from most attractions, and it is a fairly cheap and straightforward journey using public transport to JFK.  Would definitely return.
bubble_50	I go to New York a few times a year for business.  When attempting to book a hotel for a recent trip everything was priced out of sight.  I found The Lex online and after reading other reviews for the hotel decided to give it a try.  I was not disappointed.  I felt welcomed from the moment I stepped into the hotel.  The staff are very friendly and competent.  The room was very nicely appointed and comfortable.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	I visit New York about 6 to 8 times for year for both business and pleasure. This hotel was shiny and new with very comfortable beds and fabulously friendly staff. I would definitely stay here again and recommend to my friends and colleagues.
bubble_50	Lovely boutique hotel where u were not just a room number. Staff very friendly and complimentary breakfast a nice touch. We had a Superior Queen Room which gave us plenty of room. Location great less than 10 mins walk to subway line 6 for uptown to grand Central Station Rockerfeller Central Park etc and downtown to Brooklyn Bridge Wall Street Staten Island Ferry etc.Would highly recommend this hotel if u don't want to stay in an impersonal skyscraper. Mr. Mrs Pass
bubble_50	The extreme kindness,friendliness and availability of all the staff, the great location, the clean and confortable rooms, the nice and modern design of the hotel and of the furnishing, the lovely way to do breakfast in the hall watching out the life of NY, so it feels like home!
bubble_40	The Lex Nyc is located on the way to south Manhatten, between 25th & 26th streets. to get to Times Squere, you must walk 20 blocks, or take the sub, and so are other main attractions. around the hotel are an army building and Baruch College, Union Squere is not far, and so is Madison Squere Garden. All in all - location is good. The hotel is small, services are basic. Rooms are small but not dense. NF&B, but, unlike most hotels in NY (and other big cities in the USA), it serves a complimentary continental breakfast of pastry, hot beverages and fruits. A nice way to start the day. The highlight of the hotel is that it is brand new. And it shows: everything is shining new, staff is very friendly and willing to assist in everything. Accomodation rates  in Manhattan are high. Very
bubble_50	Simply the Best. If you want to be lower mid mid town 23rd - 24th just south east of grand central this property has to be at the top of your list. Staff are most helpful with many suggestions to fit your interests. Simply the Best.
bubble_50	My husband and I recently spent 4 delightful nights at the Lex, while enjoying a vacation in NYC. Our experience was quite positive- the staff could not have been more helpful, the hotel was conveniently located and our room was sparkling clean. Although compact, the room was set efficiently, with built in furniture and wardrobe. The bed was quite comfortable and the linens were crisp and clean. My only concern was the way sound carried between the bathrooms (conversations could be heard quite clearly) and occasionally between the rooms themselves. This was not enough to mar a very positive experience. We would absolutely stay at the Lex again, and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an affordable hotel that is clean, comfortable and well staffed.
bubble_50	I had a great experience at this hotel, the staff was warm and friendly at hello, willing to help with every single question. As soon as we got in the room they called us from the reception to make sure all was well with the room.  Location is KEY without exaggerating. Just a stone's throw from Madison Park, Empire State building, Gramercy Park and a ton of good restaurants. There are a number of parking garages close by too where you can leave your car overnight at a fair price ($25-30)  The rooms are very clean-this building is actually brand new- and the overall feeling is that of a modern progressively decorated hotel.  I can definitely see myself going back there...
bubble_50	this boutique hotel should train the five star hotels in nyc how to treat and take care of there guests ... the rooms where spotless ... the check inn was perfect and easy ... i requested a early check inn and a room away from the elevator ... they did both ... the bathroom was clean and roomy ... the internet and tv where terrific .... and the bed is on the back of my suv it was so comfortable .... i am so glad i chose this hotel for a two stay ... i will be back and i hope they do well at the lex nyc ...
bubble_50	Great little boutique hotel that's nicely located for all sorts of things. Madison Square Park and the Flatiron building are a couple of blocks away, etc, etc.  Great service, nice rooms - compact, so beware if you're expecting a grand suite!  No in-house catering apart from a little breakfast in the morning, but plenty of restaurants around and when you check in you'll get a list of recommended ones.  Fantastic staff, clean and great value.
bubble_50	Just returned today from a 5 night stay at the Lex our first trip to NYC. Great hotel good location.  Very friendly staff all very helpful. A big thank you to Armando for his help with directions and must-dos. Each morning we had a question for him he gave us good advise.  Our room was great cleaned everyday also clean towels everyday. We would recommend this hotel to any of our friends looking to visit NYC.
bubble_50	Here's the skinny on this hotel:  Value = 5 stars great price for it's quality and location in NYC. This hotel was $350 when the W down the block during the same times was $700 per night  Staff = 5 stars. It's a new hotel, had been open a month when I stayed. The staff was great, did everything you needed and proactively checked in. Great stuff, they care  Location = easy. Midtown, walkable to lots of things and subway.  Rooms = 4 stars. Nice rooms. My only issue was that I was there when it was still cold (snowing in mid April). The heater is a wall unit, and while it worked just fine, the fan on the heater was really loud. I had noise canceling headsets that I could sleep with so it didn't really bother me that much, but if I didn't have those I could see that being a problem.
bubble_50	Recently stayed at the Lex for a few nights during my first trip to NYC -- the hotel was nice but the staff was AMAZING! They were extremely helpful with directions and local must-dos while I was in the city -- also just fun people to be around which made a huge difference. Thanks guys!
bubble_50	The Lex is a new property, so right off the bat you are getting clean fresh rooms and hallways - always a plus in NYC. And while the rooms are not at all large (it is NYC after all) they are well designed and very functional with a modern hip decor.   The location in NoMad turned out to be fantastic. Lots of great dining choices were nearby along with shopping and hip culture. We easily walked to Flatiron, Chelsea, SoHo, East Village and more. The subway was just a few blocks away, and the 6 line was a great route up and down the East side of town. We rarely needed to transfer.  Most of all, the staff were extremely friendly and knowledgable. It's nice being greeted by name and sincerely being asked how everything is going. They knew the area well and made some nice
bubble_50	I recently stayed at the Lex and greatly enjoyed it. The staff was incredibly attentive from check-in to checkout. There was even a handwritten note on the desk, along with a gift bag of delicious chocolates. My room was a great size for a single traveler and had all the amenities that I was looking for, namely free and fast wifi. I'd recommend the Lex to anyone who is looking for a great location, price, and a more personal hotel experience.
bubble_50	I stayed for 2 nights in April 2014. The staff was very courteous and offered excellent restaurant options in the area. Fortunately, the area has several great restaurants, all within walking distance. The neighborhood was great as well. Close to convenient stores, food, and the subway. The room was very clean and had everything I needed. It was quiet and blocked out the lights as well. I'd recommend it for anyone looking for a business or personal trip to NYC. Great location too. Close to uptown, midtown, downtown.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here for two nights. We booked at a very good rate, at a time when there were no reviews yet because the hotel was so new. When we checked in the hotel had been open for only four weeks.  Physically, the newness shows. Fixtures are all sparkling and the modern rooms are all fresh and well kept. For NYC, the rooms was fairly spacious and the bathroom was downright palatial. Decoration wise the rooms are a bit spartan but that's a style choice that fits with the modern decor. There weren't a lot of frills but what the hotel does, it does very well. Bed was comfortable and the neighborhood was quiet at night.   Surprisingly, given how new the hotel is, the staff was tops. They were all very cheerful and helpful, quick with a greeting and ready to help.  I would
bubble_50	We stayed for seven nights in the Lex Boutique Hotel recently, on a trip from Ireland, and had a great experience. The staff were open, friendly and helpful. We had a great room, spacious, big bed, bathroom, TV, WiFi. The breakfast was casual, but very good, we skipped most mornings as we went out and had it in one of the many great places for breakfast close buy. It is a great location, whether one wants to go "up" or "down" town, loads of great places to eat just by the hotel. The manager Mathew was always there in the morning, and willing to help with anything, as were who whoever was on duty. I would solidly recommend it.
bubble_50	It was a great night staff, like most NYC hotels this was small but very modern, clean and an amazing staff who were great from the time I checked in till the time I left. It was truly  wonderful stay and I will honestly go back
bubble_50	I stayed at this Hotel during what turned out to be their first week of operation while on business in the Flatiron area of NYC. The Hotel offered much more than I expected for the price range- brand new large Samsung flat TV with great HD service, really great WiFi for free, and coffee and pastries in the morning, also for no charge. Bathroom was clean and new and hot water was plentiful.  The best part of the stay, however, was after I had to stay elsewhere on Thursday night for a meeting outside the City but checked in again on Friday night before my Saturday flight. It turns out that I had left a favorite shirt behind and had no idea that I did so. The general manager of the Hotel, Matt, not only made sure that my shirt was kept aside for my return, but even greeted me at
