bubble_40	I loved the place, location was perfect. The staff awesome. Room satisfied our needs. I love having access to a refrigerator and microwave when we are away. The only issue; the fire alarm went off one day at 5am. We had to rush and get clothed rather quickly and leave the room. No one apologized and I was surprised at the events. However, a nice hotel overall. And yes, I would stay here again.
bubble_50	Excellent location; rooms are very comfortable and offer many amenities you would not typically expect in a big city hotlel room such as a fully functional and stocked kitchen plates glasses pota and pans - the works. We will defintely be staying at Lyric again.
bubble_50	Enjoyed staying at Lyric.  Amazing rooms, quiet evening hours.  Great location downtown.  Its great having the market located in the same building to buy food. The kitchen is very large and the bed was very comfortable. Also, create artwork throughout the hotel and a great selection of vinyl music in each room.
bubble_50	After lots of research decided to try Lyric due to the extra room compared to other New York hotels! Rooms are designed very good as well as being practical with everything we needed and more! Rooms very clean as well, no hesitation in using again. Nice touches with the local brewed coffee etc! Staff always friendly. Location good for nearby subway stations also handy for ferry used if for a trip to Dumbo.
bubble_50	My stay felt surprisingly more like a high-end hotel stay then what I originally planned. The room was extremely spacious and thoughtfully decorated. There were free treats on my arrival and I had the option to order food. While I was out, someone came to do basic servicing of my bathroom, which was a pleasant surprise. Additionally, having a 24 hour help center located in the building was an enhanced level of service that I was not expecting. I was wow-ed on possibly every front.
bubble_50	Couldnt have been more impressed with Lyric! The room was as chic and as spacious as an apartment, had great little touches like a record player and Malik + Goetz toiletries. But most of all, the service was fantastic. I left my bag in my room and Kati personally returned it to me. Ill definitely be back!
bubble_50	Its first time for me staying here & it was great. The staff were welcoming, helpful, attentive & always acknowledged you when passing. I was there for round xx of my bday celebrations & it became a running joke. it was the longest bday celebrations ever. the staff would wish me everyday for the week I was there. Rooms were fab, comfy & spacious. Very quiet. Conveniently located. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Very friendly front desk. The rooms were very specious and very clean. Everything in this hotel is amazing; the bed, well equipped kitchen, nice large fridge and very nice spacious bathroom. Very nice location.
bubble_50	I looked at all the traditional hotel options in NYC and none could properly accommodate my family with three kids. Lyric offered something no where else could....an extremely comfortable 2 bed / 2 bath unit with spacious living area and an amazing kitchen with all the bells and whistles. The rooms were expertly cleaned each day and the staff was very friendly and helpful with making plans for my young kids. A great gym with everything you need is available for guests, a great coffee shop (Black Fox Coffee) and one of the best new restaurants in NYC (Crown Shy) is located in the lobby.
bubble_50	We loved Lyric for its classic design features and amenities. The hotel occupies several floors in a recently converted Art Deco building in the finance district.  Great sense of space with high ceilings, good lighting, big windows and in addition to a fully equipped kitchen, a nice  touch of a record player and half a dozen NY themed records in our room.  Its styled for short or long stay with access to gym, laundry and cafe on site. Theres an excellent supermarket in the next street with an eye watering array of choices if you prefer to eat in.  Convenient subway access to a choice of lines is on the doorstep.  We would happily stay at Lyric on a return visit to New York
bubble_50	I was amazed by my stay at the Lyric.  The deluxe studio was incredibly large by New York standards.  The decor was great, plus the room had a full kitchen with an island big enough for 3 stools.  The coolest item was a turntable with several vinyl records.  I was traveling with an adult son who had been a DJ.  He loved the selections and enjoyed playing the records. The hotel was very quiet, which is a real plus in a place like New York. I have often stayed in Manhattan and even in 4 star hotels found the street noise very annoying at night. The staff was friendly and helpful. I fractured a tooth during my stay.  The staff referred me to a dentist a block away who saw me right away.  The dentist patched up the crack which allowed me to finish my trip and get home for a
bubble_50	I just have to say this place is amazing to stay. The suite & environment was great! Shot out to the staff especially, Rob, Gabriel, Claritza, Kati & JP. You guys are the best staff! Thank you a lot!!
bubble_50	I have stayed at 70 pine before, but this was the first time with lyric! The staff was exceptional, as usual, from check-in to check-out. JP, Hector and Claritza were so friendly when I arrived. The best feature in the new rooms is the record player, I loved the variety of artist. Some of the records werent in the right album sleeve, but I was able to figure it out. Robert & Gabby made sure everything was perfect with my stay and was able to store my luggage until I had to leave for the airport. Highly recommendable!
bubble_50	The concierge staff is hospitable, attentive, and professional. Checking in and out is efficient and they respond to questions and requests promptly. The room is inviting, spacious, and well-appointed, with excellent storage. The bath has real, high-quality mirrored cabinets and ample hot water. The pour-over coffee setup is a welcome detail, and levels above the typical hotel pod or instant experience. Theres also an excellent coffee shop in the building, with Starbucks and Dunkin mere steps away. Our room has no direct sunlight, but what can one expect on the third floor amidst Wall Street towers. The building is an art deco gem, minutes from multiple transit stations. The neighborhood is not chock-a-block with touriststhe burgeoning residential presence is evident from
bubble_50	Stayed for a week. Best hotel I have ever stayed in.  Why?  Because of the careful thought that went into the design and layout of the room, the lighting, the linens, the Kanto sound system (!), the Chemex-style coffee brewing setup with real coffee, the kitchen amenities (granite countertops), the practical furniture, the photographic art, and the hardwood floors. The Dieter Rams/Braun industrial design book on the chairside table signals that the Lyric design team is thinking like no other hotel design team anywhere.  Housed in a beautiful early deco office building. I never want to stay anywhere else.
bubble_50	This place was out of this world beautiful! We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite with full kitchen, dining area, living area, and lounge area AND 2 bathrooms. The service was great and check in was a very easy! We even got complementary champagne! Parking was very cheap if you get your tickets validated at the front desk. Btw the building is absolutely gorgeous! So close to many restaurants and stores. Stay here if you ever get the chance!
bubble_50	First and foremost I want to personally thank Rob and Katie for all the first class kindness and amazing hospitality that was given to me during my stay. They were super helpful and gave us an jaw dropping upgrade and shared amazing tips about where to wine and dine around the city. I was blown away by the size of the room, it was beautiful, I want to even live in that suite forever. The building amenities and the location was just perfect. I will most definitely recommend staying here to all of my closest and dearest friends, and I will also personally stay here in the future, and Katie exhibits first class hospitality, she is the best.
bubble_50	Kati helped check me and my boyfriend in! We were early, but they were able to hold our luggage and Kati texted me when the room was ready. We were absolutely blown away by the room and how sweet and helpful Kati was. Everything about the suite was incredible. I can't express how much me and my boyfriend enjoyed staying here and this will be the place we stay when we visit New York again. We were able to take a couple umbrellas when we were checking out as it was raining and was just a nice finish to a lovely hotel. Thank you so much for the awesome room and for the warmth Kati showed us!
bubble_50	We were so happy to have found this gem.  What a relief to have room to spread out and get comfortable.  We discovered  many thoughtful and unexpected touches during our stay, such as ear plugs (not needed), multiple coffee and tea options in the kitchen, and a white noise machine.  We felt welcomed, pampered, and cared for.
bubble_50	Great service! Awesome room! Perfect location! Good deal! I feel like I should not tell the inter-webs about how fantastic this hotel is. I want to keep this little jewel to myself. Thanks guys! Please do not attempt to meet our character minimum by using repeated characters to fill the space. Include helpful details about your experience to complete your review.
bubble_50	This place is really worth recommending. Great location, spacious, modern apartments. Loved the vinyls in the room. Much better than regular hotel rooms especially if you travel in a larger group. Will definitely stay again!
bubble_50	We loved, loved, loved our 3 day stay at the Lyric! Our room was spacious, fresh and trendy. Special shout-out to JP and Kevin for their help, suggestions and assistance (especially with our stuffed and very giant giraffe). This will be our go-to place to stay whenever in New York.
bubble_40	We booked this place earlier in the year under its previous name.  The location is definitely just what we wanted (a subway station is almost directly opposite) and the historic nature of the building was outstanding.  The refurbished room we were checked into, also met all of our expectations regarding style and size.  It was an apartment style large room with a full kitchen (including a dishwasher), excellent storage and a bathroom that had a shower above a bath tub.  The extra high shower head was certainly appreciated by my partner who is very tall.  We stayed for over 6 nights, so the ability to unpack and place items in the storage behind the bathroom mirror was great.    The bed was nice and large and very comfortable.  The service on check-in was friendly and helpful and
bubble_50	I prefer the midtown area, but hotel rooms are expensive and tiny.  Lyric has spacious, clean, cool rooms which are easy to relax in.  Close to the subway, easy to grab a taxi, and a great area to walk around and explore.  Stayed here 5 nights and would definitely return.
bubble_50	Absolutely beautiful stay. The room could easily accommodate a small family with comfort and space. A full kitchen, dining table for 4-6, spacious and quite "cool".  I wouldnt mind living there!  2 blocks to subway and a great coffee shop in the beautiful deco bldg. The bldg itself is to die for. Great stay.
bubble_50	We stayed for 3 nights in October. The rooms was larger than expected. It was recently remodeled and very well appointed. The hotel staff was very accommodating. The hotel definitely exceeded my expectations.
bubble_50	The hotel room was large, beautifully decorated, and clean. The staff super nice. The location was also pretty good, not far from the subway. Not sure if there were any hotel amenities (I honestly didn't even look). Overall an excellent stay.
bubble_50	One of the best hotels Ive stayed in Manhattan, it didnt feel like a hotel more of a aesthetic millennial apartment. It was very stylish and spacious. The full kitchen and furniture gave a comfortable homelike feel. It included everything that was much need such as the modern coffee maker and dishwasher. I would highly recommend and stay there again as my to-go spot whenever I visit the Manhattan area. Its suitable for any type of crowd! Love it
bubble_50	Really loved having a studio apartment to settle into for a week long business trip in New York. The staff was incredibly helpful and welcoming. They ensured all my needs were met and offered their recommendations on where to dine, shop and tour. I could not have asked for a better stay and high recommend Lyric at 70 Pine for your New York travel
bubble_50	Room was much bigger than we had expected and had all the amenities needed. We originally considered a hotel in central Manhattan however the Lyric is actually in a much better location. Easy walking distance from the many attractions in lower Manhattan. Brilliant grocery store on ground floor of building which includes great pizza outlet. Also plenty good quality food outlets just a couple on minutes. Very helpful and informative staff at front desk as well as super housekeeping service who even filled up and started dishwasher every day.
bubble_50	Wow. An all around AMAZING experience staying at Lyric on Wall Street.  As a frequent traveler who has stayed all over NYC, this experience was unparalleled.   The check-in process was seamless, and the front desk staff was kind and responsive to any questions I had throughout my stay.  The rooms are 3-4x the size of a normal NYC hotel, at a comparable rate. Not only are they spacious, but also well furnished and beautifully designed. There is a full kitchen, and there is an option to have Lyric help stock the fridge! The bathrooms are stocked with wonderful Malin + Goetz toiletries, and there are ample towels/linens in the massive closet.  The room even came with a record player and a few records - what a nice touch!  The building has a wonderful gym, and a few food options
bubble_50	A gym on Wall Street!! Its always a pleasure to stay at this hotel. The staff are accommodating. They updated the rooms/apartments(even though it didnt really need it). Would recommend for trips to NYC if youre looking for a fully furnished apartment with amenities , away from Times Square crowds.
bubble_50	Clari and Kate looked after our needs on our arrival. We were upgraded for my birthday celebration, and surprised us with a nice bottle of red wine in our room. Clari made every effort to make sure we were happy with our room, by showing us alternatives to offer us a choice. The apartment was very clean, with full facilities for our weeks stay. Room sizes were big, with washing facilities on floor above. Great location.
bubble_50	Room was spacious, very modern and up-to-date! Immediate response to any issues by staff - above and beyond service. Located just two blocks from Wall Street and the Pier. Easy walk to both areas where restaurants and bars were easily accessible! Top choice to stay here again next time were in New York!
bubble_50	We stayed for the weekend to visit family living at 70 Pine and the accommodations were fantastic.  The room was spacious and comfortable and the staff couldn't have been nicer!  (We've since taken a vote and determined that this was the first of many visits to come!)  Great location for sightseeing and convenient to Penn Station.
bubble_50	The room is absolutely amazing, the decor, the details were so pretty and up to date, the bed was very comfortable and also was the sofa bed, the amenities in the room were delicious and the record player was so cool we listened to music all day, everything was perfect. Big thanks to Kati for her kindness and always very helpful when we needed anything. The location of the hotel is extremely good, in front of the 2 and 3 station so you can go to dumbo our times square, it is also walking distance to many tourist areas.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 10 nights. We chose this hotel because it has a kitchen and so we would be able to cook some nights and have breakfast at home to make our stay a little cheaper. The room was huge, clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly. The hotel is in the financial district so you have to catch the subway to get to the times square area but we didn't mind that and the area is well connected for subway lines. The only negative is that the bin lorry comes at 1am for a while but we got used to it and it's New York, I didn't expect it to be quiet outside! All in all fab stay, would stay again!
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed 6 nights at the Lyric this month and we just loved the beautiful property. We were upgraded to a spotless apartment that was comfortable, beautifully appointed, and included a fully operational kitchen. There's a beautiful gym in the basement, a market around the corner, and all manner of restaurants within walking distance. The 2, 3 subway line is across the street, and the Fulton Subway Center, with all the major lines, is a few blocks away. The Art Deco building at 70 Pine is iconic and was even highlighted on the AIA led architectural tour we took while in NYC. The property is located downtown, near Wall Street, where we prefer to stay to be away from the big tourist properties. Shout out to the front desk staff who could not have been more helpful.
bubble_50	Hands down one of the BEST places EVER!!! Check in was quick and very pleasant, the room was spacious and modern, the front desk was extremely quick and responsive to any questions or requests, restaurants and stores everywhere nearby AND the 2,3 express subway was across the street and the 4,5 express was up the street!  This place was INCREDIBLE. Worth every cent and we will 100% be back. It deserves more than 5 stars.THANK YOU LYRIC!
bubble_50	On arriving the check in was very professional and happy smiling faces, the room was fabulous very clean in fact spotless and whats more very large, a massive bed and a large smart Tv, there was a big kitchen with all the amenities, large fridge/freezer, dishwasher, microwave etc large bathroom even dressing gowns also a good safe, all in all brilliant. Nice location near Brooklyn bridge, Staten Island ferry, bronze bull, south Manhattan is a better part of NY, Times Square is looking a bit tired and tacky, we got the M15 bus up to Central Park and walked down to the Lyric only$2.75 cents better than $45 taxis. The bus terminal is outside Staten Island ferry you need to put money on a metro card no cash on busses. From JFK we got the AirTrain to Jamaica central then onto Wall
bubble_50	As an elite member of the Marriott and Starwoods borg collective, it is rate that I venture into uncharted waters. Boy am I glad I did so in my recent trip to New York. The Lyric staff was very friendly, the rooms are like a tastefully modern and efficient studio apartment, there was a nice set of treats, and I appreciated the pour over coffee. I'm sure if I tried hard enough I might be able to think of one or two things that can be better (but honestly I tried to make this a balanced review but couldn't think of anything). Please do consider this in your next personal or business trip. Long live boutique hotels like Lyric.
bubble_50	We booked our 12 night stay over a year ago in a studio apartment.  After a 3 hour wait getting through customs at JFK we arrived at Lyric possible not in the best of moods.  We were welcomed by Kati and JP (was lovely to see happy faces and have a friendly welcome I must say) who advised us because we were staying for 12 nights we had been upgraded to a two bedroom apartment.  Wowzer the apartment was amazing and our moods immediately changed "New York here we come!" This was our first time in New York and I had researched beforehand where to stay and was a little apprehensive to if I had chosen right as a-lot of people tend to book the Times Square area.  I was 100% spot on booking Lyric the apartment had everything we needed was super spacious in fact square footage I'm sure
bubble_50	great grocery store in the ground floor, gym in the basement, business center on the 3rd floor  and restaurant in the building - everything you need. I arrived at midnight but 5 am local time to me (UK) - reception staff super friendly and helpful
bubble_40	We stayed at the Lyric in August 2019, 4 of us stayed in 2 studio appartments which provided everything we needed. The location is great with easy access to the underground system, 9/11, Brooklyn Bridge, Battery Park. The only minor negative was the noise from rubbish collection and air con unit but minor issues hence 4 out of 5. Would stay again and recommend to others, amazing break in NYC
bubble_50	Amazing! Very well accommodated modern look. Definitely be back. I live in New York and all I wanted to do that weekend was to do something different - so I did. Very happy with it. I highly recommend Lyric.
bubble_50	Next door to Ground Zero and Financial District, 20 min walk to the Village and 20-30 min subway to mid/uptown. This makes this hotel very convenient for enjoying NYC. Room in mint condition, very comfortable being much roomy than most hotels, with a fully equipped kitchen. First class solutions for breakfast and dinner are next door as well. Attentive staff, competitive pricing. Very well!
bubble_40	I love going to the Lyric, formerly known as Q&A - and return on a regular basis. Service is good and staff is friendly and hospitable. The building recently added a restaurant, flower shop and salad bar. The coffee shop serves the best coffee in NY - I love Lyric as it provides a home away from home, spacious rooms, kitchen, dining and lounge area. Downsides are the noisy AC, dark studios (hey this is NY), and maintenance and tidiness of the accommodation could go up a notch. I also noticed a recent increase in price, as well as no deals or packages on offer. It will be interesting to see how Lyric's standard, pricing and offering will evolve over time.
bubble_50	JP was an awesome host and our stay was top notch. Close proximity to downtown on a very quiet street. Room had all of the necessary amenities and more.Square footage not to be beat for a luxury NYC accommodation.
bubble_50	I frequently take staycations, so I've stayed at a handful of great hotels in a city of countless options. Lyric is by far the best that I've come across so far.   Not only is it affordable but the rooms are MASSIVE. If you plan on being in NYC for an extended period, then look no further. These are essentially repurposed residential units, with fully equipped kitchen, a turntable, little "personal" touches like books, white noise machine, etc.   I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the staff. They're always incredibly welcoming and friendly.   As for the location, it may appear to be a little removed but it's incredibly convenient if you're going to be spending a lot of time in Lower Manhattan. Brooklyn is just a short subway ride away, and you can grab almost any subway line
bubble_50	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. upon arrival, they upgraded me to a 2 bedrooms suite. The apartment is so nice and huge. It is also centrally located and I can walk to different attractions such as 911 museum, Statue of Liberty and Wall Street. On top of that, it is only USD210 per night. I will definitely stay here when I come back to New York.
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in August, the service was outstanding and the rooms were immaculate. Would highly recommend staying here if in New York! Receptionists Katie and JP were extremely helpful and kind to top everything off.
bubble_50	I book a stay in this hotel because I liked the name . Then I liked the style of the hotel  neutral colors, a lot of white, rather cold, but I have the taste for that. The rooms are spacious. They are furnished like apartments and have kitchens and sitting areas. Kinda remind me of a hotel in Norway.  It has a gym and a good restaurant, too. I might give them a separate review.  The location is great if youre in the finance business. There are a lot of museums around, too. And its near a subway, which makes it perfect for a business visit.  The prices are reasonable, even underpriced, compared to the quality theyre providing.
bubble_50	From checking in at the Lyric our stay was wonderful. The room we had was huge and had everything and more to make our stay comfortable. The Lyric staff were all genuinely friendly and helpful. New York is an amazing city and the New Yorkers are proud of their wonderful city and rightly so. I I would hurry back to the Lyric and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and family. Thank you Lyric staff for helping make our stay in NYC so memorable!
bubble_50	Absolutely stay at the Lyric.  It is amazing.  The rooms are large, comfortable and well appointed.  Each room (so far - on my third stay), has had a sitting room, real kitchen and dining space and bedroom.  The rooms are modern yet comfortable.  It's located in the heart of the Financial District (and a block from my New York City office, so very very convenient).  The front desk team is personable and recognized me (the Cheers Norm feeling is awesome).  Cannot say enough about hospitality has returned to the hotel industry, and is found at the Lyric.
bubble_50	My wife and twenty year old son stayed at Lyric for a long summer weekend in the executive studio and were literally stunned by how fabulous, spacious, and beautiful our room/apartment was. For the price we paid to be in this spectacular hotel, in a wonderful NYC location, it was unquestionably the best value hotel stay we've ever had.  As magnificent as the accommodations were, the best part of our stay was actually our check in where we were fortunate enough to meet Gabby who was so incredibly nice, thoughtful, and helpful.  There are a lot of impressive things in NYC - Gabby and the Lyric are two of the best!
bubble_50	This place is Airbnb prices, with the quality of an Ace Hotel...but with a kitchenette and laundry. And a killer record player with local rock star LPs.  Great coffee downstair with Black Fox -- and easy access to the Subway.
bubble_50	Omg this place was amazing! They took such great care of me and my husband for our four year anniversary!!! Even upgraded us to an executive suite ! I mean the accommodations were just nothing short of amazing. My babe was so surprised. Everything was so clean. They even have vinyls in the room!!!
bubble_50	We had a superb stay at Lyric. I normally stay at the Conrad in BPC for my business trips. But this time I was coming for a wedding with my wife and wanted to try somewhere new. The rooms are huge, and the lobby has such character. There are plenty of food options right in the lobby and even have a full grocery store which is super convince. The Wall Street location made it a quick walk to the south street seaport and with the east river ferrys we were able to get to dumbo in no time. Robert at the Front Desk was amazing! He helped us with directions and never got annoyed with any of our little questions.
bubble_50	Recently, I stayed at a large chain hotel in Manhattan that was poor at best. So, I did some research and found Lyric 70 @ Pine. This apartment unit hotel met all my expectations.  Huge rooms. Well appointed for extended stays with decent kitchens. Access to many nearby markets, restaurants, etc. Good fitness facilities.  Friendly and helpful staff. I can go on, but need not. All I have to say is that I have to be in Manhattan on and off over the next couple of years and Lyric will be me home each time.
bubble_40	We booked this when it was called Q&A for a last minute trip. We chose it due to the larger rooms and apartment feel and got exactly that. The room was quiet for NYC and we loved the financial district area. Short walk to the 9/11 memorial and subway. There is a great pub/restaurant opposite and a supermarket below for any grocery needs. The coffee place below the apartments within 70 Pine was quirky but an extortionate hipster type place and rather budget breaking for a regular caffeine fix...! There are plenty of other coffee shops only a short walk away. Staff on reception were helpful and lovely.  The building is a stunning Art Deco sky scraper and I adored the deco feel to the lobby and elevators. The cleaning of the rooms could do with better checking by management but
bubble_50	We stayed 5 nights over the Easter weekend - when the hotel was still called Q&A Residential, before its rebirth. It was a wonderful choice for us - spacious, modern, sleek and well-equipped. When visiting NYC we always tend to stay in the Financial District or Soho/Tribeca in order to avoid the tourist madness elsewhere. Lyric is ideal because it's really quiet yet the Wall Street subway is right there and you can be in Times Square in no time at all via an express train. Plus you can walk to so many places of interest from the hotel. The TKTS South Street theatre ticket booth is literally 5 minutes' walk away. There's also a pretty good deli/grocery store underneath the hotel. We had relatively little interaction with the friendly staff but that's a good indicator of a
bubble_50	My husband and I visited New York for 2 weeks. Lyric gave you a good service. Staff were nice and helpful. The hotel was situated in downtown which gave us a quiet timr at night and during weekends.   We stayed in one bedroom with 2 bathrooms type. The room was big (100m2). Full kitchen and well-equipped, although we rarely used the kitchen. Comfortable sofa at the living room. One office. Very comfortable and big sized bed. However, there was no separation between a bathtub and a shower. We had to stand in a bathtub for showering.  The other thing that could be the inferior part was the front which had no space to park the car, even for temporary parking. You had to hurry getting off the car, or else the car behind you had to wait.  Anyway, we both felt comfortable staying
bubble_50	Celebrated my birthday/4th of July weekend with Lyric and I was very impressed. The lobby captures your eye immediatley with the vinatge art-deco. The rooms are spotless, and very very large. I had trouble finding dinner reservations for the night of the 4th, but Robert was able to pull a few strings for me and was able to get me reservations at Manhatta. Gio and Kati did an amazing job in coordinating a surprise amenity with my daughter for my birthday! To summarize, Lyric is a top notch hotel and is highly recommendable!
bubble_50	I came in with a bad attitude and low expectations and I was pleasantly shocked- I had an attitude about an "extended stay" hotel and was bummed it was far from my office.  Add on to that, after flying in from California for a work trip, that I was already nervous for, my luggage got lost.  From the moment I walked into the hotel I was impressed - the architecture is lovely and the "room" I was in was actually a 2 bedroom suite with a full kitchen, sizable living room, and a washer dryer! As nice as the accommodations are, every staff member I interacted with was exceptional.  Before even checking in, Rob found a store nearby and made sure I was able to make it there and get clothes for my business meeting before the store closed at 11 pm. When I called for my customary 2 wake
bubble_50	Lyric exceeded all expectations upon arrival! Our trip began with exemplary service from the staff upon accommodating us for our early check-in. Robert took our bags although we were a bit early and took them to room for us prior to the room being ready! He advised us of several locations to visit on our wait and stay to help indulge in the NYC Lifestyle. We were seemingly pleased with the local Pier 17 and South Street Seaport areas. The hotels placement was essential as it made our traveling prompt, with local access to the subway around the corner and a brief walk to both the Wall Street Ferry and Staten Island Ferry. We were able to knock out all of our tourist adventures without hassle! The hotel is immaculately clean, and has a pleasant genius theme/mantra that is
bubble_50	A very nice hotel in New York. very close to subway and ferry. The room was great.  And a big thank to Vanica and Katie who decorated our room very nicely to start our honeymoon. Very good service and friendly staff. We would like to come back again  THANKS SOOOO MUCH!!!!  Regards Swinten & Corina
bubble_50	Everywhere I travel, I compare my accommodations to Lyric formally known as Q&A. Lyric blows every hotel stay out of the water! Booking directly is a must! If they have a better room available for you, theyll upgrade you! I traveled w/ my mom who is handicap, & they had a wheelchair for us to use & we were given a wonderful 2 bdrm with 2 bathrooms to make things so much easier! We stayed for 9 nights! I will always stay at Lyric when in NYC! Thank you Robert for taking great care of us! You were awesome & very accommodating! Hopefully well get to come back every year! Aloha from Hawaii!
bubble_50	I have said it once, however, it was some time ago, so I will repeat. For someone who visits regularly (I visit 2-3x p.a.) it is the best place to stay. The rooms are large. The gym is good. The location is quiet and the transport is close. Finally, the staff is awesome; particularly JP, who is the most helpful, smiley, pleasant hotel reception person there is. Despite the numerous positives it might not the ideal place for people who don't visit regularly and are understandably keen to stay in all the action. Wall Street isn't known for its nightlife (or even its daylife) - but it does suit me well because I have been here so many times that I am not necessarily seeking these things. Anyway - well done Lyric. You are doing an awesome job. And - give JP a raise!
bubble_50	Room was big enough to fit all five of us. Robert and JP were very friendly and was able to accommodate our early check in request. Tons of restaurants and bars nearby! Definitely choose Lyric when we return to NY
bubble_50	There are some hotels you just have to review before checkout and the Lyric @ 70 Pine is one of them. Just opened under new management, these arent your average rooms, these are legitimate apartments. Cool, urban decor with full kitchens, king sized beds, nice bathrooms. I had three closets (including a walk in) and a sitting room. Theyll even stock the fridge (bill to room). Its in a famous landmark Art Deco building with a hot new restaurant Crown Shy (chef is alum from Eleven Madison Park) in the lobby. Wall Street subway stop right out the front door. Financier patisserie on the corner. Service is delightful. We had 3 rooms for business... all had a great experience. After the first restful night I know this will be my regular NYC hotel. Check in before the secret is
bubble_50	I had an amazing experience. If I called or messaged them they responded immediately every time. Our AC kept resetting the first night so as soon as we called them, Rob sent Luis over immediately. They upgraded our room immediately to a better room for no charge. They all had great customer service. They also cleaned to room every single day by making the bed, doing any dishes, and putting fresh towels in the bathroom. Every day was like we had just checked in. I would highly recommend staying here.
bubble_50	We love the spacious, fully equipped, modern and clean studios at the Lyric.  Have stayed here previously when it was called the Q & A Residential and have always enjoyed our visit. The location in the Financial District offers wonderful places to explore within walking distance and also easy access to the subway.  A special bonus is that the Lyric is housed in the beautiful, historic, skyscraper built in in the 1930's with Art Deco decor and style. A very classy place to stay.
bubble_40	When we stayed here it was called Q&A Residential Hotel, now is called Lyric  Check-In/Check-Out Checking was smooth and the staff was friendly. Checking out was easy as A B C.  The Room The room was spacious and we were surprised they gave us the rooms with kitchen. There were sink and dishwasher with the whole full kitchen, microwave, stove, and fridge. This will definitely be ideal for people who are with a child and especially newborn for all those milk heating or cleaning. This could also be ideal for anyone who can't live without a kitchen when traveling! The living room and furniture look new and modern.   The Bathroom It has a bathtub and spacious. I wish the lighting was more bright but I understand they are trying to create this modern type feel of an apartment instead
bubble_50	We have stayed here now a few times and every time we do it never disappoints us The rooms are big and clean, location is great and the staff are welcoming and kind A big shout to Diana from the front desk who was super friendly and made us very welcome We cant rate this place highly enough !
bubble_50	I was stay at Q&A residental hotel last month for 7 days. It's really great to stay here, all facilities are there (full set kithen, coffee maker along with great coffee, and the room very big. I am very fortunate to be given lodging here and an unforgettable experience, many thanks to Guttmacher Inst. The location of the hotel is very strategic so it is easy and close to all destinations: train stations, halal food, office, mall, Manhattan masjid, 9/11 memorial, oculus, harbor, etc. All hotel staff very friendly service.
bubble_50	This hotel is in the financial district but it is a very reasonably priced hotel. The rooms are huge and very spacious. There is a stove and refrigerator. If you need to stay in the financial district, this is an easy place to get in and out of and convenient to nearby businesses. The staff are friendly and the doorman has a way with the residents pets.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed there for 3 weeks from March - April while she finished school in NYC. Great location!  Amazing customer service is an understatement!!!  The staff went out of their way to help us carry in several trips of luggage on multiple occasions. The suite was beautiful! Comfortable beds, roomy kitchen so we could make "real meals", clean and a nice quiet office space for me to get my work done. I could tell house keeping to come at a certain time as I was working and they had no problem doing that!  I can't thank the staff enough for everything especially the multiple trips of helping us move in and out! I would highly suggest everyone to stay here! And an extra plus, they are super pet friendly :)  Thank you so much to everyone who works there who took amazing
bubble_50	We felt like New Yorkers having our apartment for two nights.  The Q&A is an amazing 5* apartment hotel, the apartments are huge and luxurious.  All amenities you could want including a fully fitted kitchen, high speed internet and cable tv.  We will definitely be back on our next trip to the big apple!!!
bubble_50	Spent Easter vacation with my family (8 nights) apartments/studios are very modern, spacious and clean with all the necessary cutlery, staff very attentive and keen in helping you out with all your needs. Location is great next to wall st and Fulton st that means very well connected by subway to manhattan or Brooklyn or system island ferry. Within the building, thats a beauty itself, you will find a gym a coffe shop & other amenities but the real surprise was the restaurant Crown Shy by chef Jamal Kent,  I say one the best meals I ever had traveling overseas from europe, it definitively deserves a visit, pricing very competitive, plus amazing bar.
bubble_50	Staff was helpful, courteous, fast. They went the extra mile. They definitely put guests first. The location perfect.The building is beautiful, clean, well maintained and secure. We will return again.
bubble_50	This is a fabulous hotel. The team is extraordinarily helpful, friendly and wonderful. Super team and accommodations. A definite must when visiting NY either for work or pleasure. i highly recommend staying
bubble_50	We very much enjoyed the Q & A located in a historic Art Deco building!  The staff are very nice and accommodating. The rooms are contemporary, spacious with great closet space. The bath towels are thick and wonderful! The hotel provides a true hand held hair dryer, not the mini versionattached to the wall. The kitchen is supplied well, and you have a COLD refrigerator (not a mini) to have food & drinks. City Acres grocery store has a good selection and is in the basement of the building which you can access by the street. Two reasonably priced, healthy restaurants are close, Blue Park Kitchen & Dig In, and a great local coffee shop is in the building. Easy access to the Wall St & Fulton subway stations to get around Manhattan, and in walking distance of WTC, 911 Memorial,
bubble_50	This accommodation was ideal for us We traveled with a party of 5 in one apartment: 2 grandparents, one parent, and 2 little girls; another adult had his own room but joined us for meals. We never had to go out for breakfast and twice had dinner right in the room as well (especially good for the kids). The handy corner grocery provided whatever we needed in the way of breakfast foods and a selection of fresh produce and prepared meals, and the fully equipped kitchen meant we could make pancakes, mac & cheese, sandwiches, etc. (We could also readily make tea & coffee for the grownups, a definite plus!) A perfect "home base;" we have recommended it to others and will definitely visit again!
bubble_50	Great hotel for downtown NYC.  Historic building.  Great amenities in the building lobby and areas connected or near to the hotel building.  Short walk to walk to the World Trade Center area and the 9-11 Memorial.  Great eating places and bars all around.  Subway and bank across the street. Catholic Church next door.
bubble_50	This is a wonderful place to stay in Southern Manhattan. The building is lovely, staff extremely nice, and the room was comfortable, beautiful and very roomy.  Very comfortable bed with nice linens, a kitchenette, walk in closet, and a very nice bathroom. I highly recommend this hotel, great value!
bubble_30	The rooms are as big as you will find in NYC and very nice. The staff were very friendly and the building is also very nice. However, the street was very noisy even for NYC standards. About midnight, garbage trucks started coming by and it was loud for about 30 minutes at least. It was so noisy, I thought my windows were open, but they werent.   I also never good could the WiFi to work despite help from the internet provider.   I really liked the hotel but wouldnt stay there again unless I had an inside room somehow.
bubble_50	Situated Downtown next to Wall Street this apartment hotel has huge rooms and fully fitted kitchens, the building is a 1930s skyscraper that oozes class and history. Wall Street subway station is located across the road from the hotel, theres a market situated in the basement and a host of shops, bars and restaurants all within easy walking distance, the local area has a very safe vibe about it so theres no worries about wandering around. Would most certainly stay here again.
bubble_50	Lots of space like ones home.   Close to the subway station(across the street)  Big market on 1st floor One of the best pizza place in town inside the market Friendly staffs I wish every city has Q&A hotel.
bubble_40	We really enjoyed our stay at Q&A Hotel. It is in a great location. The shops and restaurants on the lower level were very convenient. I really loved that they let us check in early. I will definitely stay here again. My only complaint is that the temperature was hard to regulate and the water in the tub did not drain well while taking a shower.
bubble_50	Exellent stay cannot recommend this enough spacious room  The staff are among thec best of any place i have ever stayed . Thank you for the birthday card and wine and chocolates.  You guys are a great asset to your company .
bubble_50	I stayed here for 30 days on business. I cant honestly fault any part of my stay. I hardly had any interaction with the staff (thats how good it was!) but when i did they were so professional and accommodating. The area is quiet and perfect for getting around Manhattan without having to stay in the hustle and noise! The apartments are perfect with everything you could possibly need for a long stay and so much room for NYC! I have stayed at other hotels in New York and paid more for literally less than half the space! Housekeeping were great and I never had to wait for them or ask for anything. Many bars and restaurants are nearby and of course the market downstairs makes things very easy! Please dont hesitate for short or longer stays!
bubble_50	We come here often for work and a little leisure. This has the perfect, quiet location especially at night where it is insanely quiet. I always sleep so well! The service at the hotel and cleanliness is SUPERB! They have a new bar/restaurant coming inside in a few weeks that adds an excellent touch. The rooms are HUGE. Everything you need is there. They will even grocery shop for you. Everything is walkable including the subway lines grocery stores, late night bars, the pier, etc. It is literally the pub to access all.   Derek is the GM there, and I have been staying long enough to experience 2 other GM's. Derek adds personal touches to everything, an above and beyond professionalism. I hope he stays to keep the good vibes of this hotel. DO stay here, you won't regret it. Oh, of
bubble_50	I don't want to say anything nice about this place.  I want this hotel to be MY little secret NYC getaway.  The staff is super friendly, our room was bigger than most apartments in NYC, the location is fabulous.  Don't think you need to stay midtown-unless you are clubbing- everything is an easy subway ride.  Plus the financial district is very quiet at nite.  I slept like a baby.  There are bars and restaurants galore and you are staying in some of the most historic parts of the city.  You have a kitchen with a fabulous grocery store (groc. deli, bakery) in the basement.  A great little coffee shop.  EVERYTHING you need.  The heat, hot water and internet went out one nite and they made things right (I mean $$).  I have stayed all over Manhattan and will always look to get back
bubble_50	Traveled into NYC to see a jazz performance with my grandson. First time back in NYC in almost 15 years and first time staying in a hotel in who knows how long. By far the best hotel I have ever stayed at! Rooms were large and had everything you could ever need already inside. Robert and Deja were super friendly at check in and were nice enough to give me an upgrade!   Will definitely stay with the Q&A next time I come to the city!
bubble_50	We brought our 10 year old daughter for the 1st to NYC, and stayed for 7 nights. The hotel and all the staff were fantastic. It felt like home away from home. Our apartment was spacious and extremely clean with excellent facilities and the complimentary products add to the touch. The location is perfectly placed and away from busy Midtown and Uptown Manhattan. We will definitely stay again!
bubble_50	This was my second time staying at yhe Q&A. I chose this hotel because of its location away from the mayhem. There are lots of restaurants, coffee shops, bars and activities in the area.   The hotel is clean and spacious.  It is outfitted with everything for your comfort. The staff is friendly and many thanks to Gabby and Robert for being accommodating.    We will be back!   Andrea Goodison
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel with great service and located centrally and close to a variety of amenities. Good value for money. Spacious apartments in an atmospheric building. Staff gave us a map and details of local amenities which was very helpful. Smooth check in and check out.
bubble_50	The location is directly across the street from the subway and on a quiet street. Quick walk to World Trade Center and easily accessible to anything else via the subway. Uber had no problem finding the hotel and was there within 2 minutes. No hotel restaurant but fantastic coffee shop in lobby and Italy at WTC.. Our room (614) was gigantic, warm, comfortable.  The bed was wonderful. A/C kept me comfortable all night long. The bathroom is so clean, and the double Robern medicine cabinets speak for themselves. The hotel gym is phenomenal as it doubles as a physical therapy gym. The hotel staff were charming and helpful with walking directions every time we left the hotel. The hotel felt very safe. My husband and I just kept pinching ourselves at how big the room was and that we
bubble_50	I am absolutely in love with the hotel, everything is so neat and clean. The room is so spacious and so well decorated, I thought the owl was kinda cute and funny because I have one exactly the same in my backyard, so it did not bother me at all. On top of that the staff was great, from the guest service agents, Michelle, Gio, Rob, Katie, Alex, the managers, to housekeeping and engineers 100% on point, polite and friendly. Always helping with our needs and questions. The location was also great, in front of the metro line and literally all walking distance, many restaurant options. The hotel had also umbrellas 24 hours for us when needed.  I recommend staying there for sure and I would totally live there if I could .
bubble_50	Both the room & hotel cleanliness was superb! I will definitely stay at the Q & A residential hotel again. I would mostly reference the hotel to both friends & family for future or leisure purposes; Thanks for such a great hotel experience.
bubble_50	I only stayed one night at the Q&A, came in late and left early. But the front desk staff was fantastic. They made a lasting impression that willI definitely remind me to choose the Q&A next time I need an nyc hotel.
bubble_50	The Q&A is absolutely beautiful and in a great location. The apartment was beautifully appointed, spacious with high ceilings and a very luxurious feel. The staff were incredibly helpful and our room servicing was impeccable. Everything is at your door step, including restaurants, fresh food market, pharmacy and subway station. An amazing place to stay!
bubble_50	Rooms were huge for NY. The gym was amazing and not particularly busy. The location was also extremely convenient to a grocery store and major subway lines. I will look to stay here on all NYC trips in the future.
bubble_50	I traveled to NY for a quick one night stay. This hotel was so warm and welcoming, I wanted to stay another night. Opt for the king size bed-its super comfy! The hotel has a great coffee shop and restaurants nearby. Quick walk to the world trade and Wall St. Will definitely return.
bubble_50	Great accomodation located in the heart of New Yorks finance district. Hotel is located in gorgeous Art Deco building. Walk to  to Wall Street, Freedom tower, Oculus, Battery Park and the Brooklyn Bridge. All the services of a hotel with the space of a fully equipped spacious apartment. Staff are friendly and helpful........nothing is too much trouble. Would definitely come back.
bubble_50	The Q & A Hotel far exceeded our expectations on our recent stay in  NYC. The apartment was spacious, tastefully decorated and provided everything anyone could want. The staff were friendly and went out of their way to help us. We spent NYE in a 5   star hotel in Times Square before our move to Q & A and I know next visit we will definitely head back to Q & A first next time around. A rare gem in a city that never sleeps!
bubble_50	We stayed at Q&A Residential Hotel from December 26 to January 3, a total of 8 nights. It was a last-minute arrangement because our Airbnb host cancelled our reservation.   The hotel is a great find, and actually a very good option if you're staying in Manhattan. It is very roomy compared to other hotels in Manhattan. It is very close to attractions and historical spots (Broadway Street is 2 short blocks down, World Trade Center, Westfield Mall, Trinity Church), touristy food joints (Shake Shack, Luke's Lobster, Insomnia Cookies, Artichoke Bastille Pizza, Vanessa's Dumplings). It is right across the Wall Street Station too, which makes it easy to move around Manhattan. We walked from the hotel to the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge and was there in 5 minutes, easy walking. On
bubble_50	My boyfriend booked this as a surprise new year stay for us last year and it was absolutely perfect!   Having a 1 bed apartment with so much space in NYC is practically unheard of so we were amazingly suprised by how spacious the apartment was, perfect for a week stay in New York! It was super clean and felt lovely and modern with great space for cooking and a great decent bathroom too. We absolutely loved it and I would definitely recommend to stay and return myself again!   The location is great for down town so close to the Brooklyn bridge, statten island ferry and Wall Street and freedom tower. We walked up to Times Square ect but also easily accessible by the subway.   Definite 5 out of 5 from us!
bubble_40	This hotel is not 'super luxe' but it is ABSOLUTELY perfect and has absolutely everything you could need for stays of a few days or longer in NYC.    The reason not to give it 5/5 is because we had a payment saga that I could not describe as anything other than a disgrace and that was met with no decent apology whatsoever.  The same manager who was on duty on the two occasions we came to the desk to work out the issue was well aware of it and hardly managed a 'sorry'.  In short, we used one card to guarantee the booking on the net but presented a different card at check in and made it clear that that was going to be the payment card (it being a USD card instead of a GBP card) BUT that we would be splitting payment at check at with the other couple at check out so that card would
bubble_50	We decided to book a hotel room for NYE instead of having to worry about driving home. This hotel was amazing. Dianne  Kati and Deja were all a delight at Check In! I knew the rooms were bigger then most hotels but wow they were huge and so much closet space. The rooms came with a fully equipped kitchen, which has everything you would need! The lobby and building itself is so cool. I loved the Art Deco.
bubble_30	I booked an executive studio, based upon the hotels website and the floor plan and pics. I was given what appeared clearly to be the studio. When I queried it on checkin, I was told it was the executive studio. I still question this and was disappointed ad I had specifically selected the executive studio for the extra privacy the floor plan offered. The suite was very clean and the kitchen stocked with the basics. Know this is not a hotel and items used are not replenished, e.g. single use coffee pack used and not restocked in 5 days. Had to go buy both coffee and filters from the pricey store in the basement. The suite has limited natural light and looks out on an office building. At night it was noisy due to garbage collection and night construction. Oddly Pine Street was
bubble_50	Me and my my two teenage boys stayed here for the first two nights of our four night stay in NYC. We absolutely loved it! Fantastic luxury apartment in a fabulous location. I would highly recommend this place to anyone and I have very high expectations...this place ticked all my boxes for sure.
bubble_50	The hotel is great. Like the name says, it is a residential building and the rooms come with a kitchen and all appliances you need. Rooms are clean and mordern. Perhaps they could use better lighting. Besides the lamps, the ceiling lights are controlled by two switches that once on they make the room very bright. A dimmer would help create the mood.  The neighborhood is great. Close to some great shipping and sightseeing. But away from all the hustle of midtown Manhattan. Especially because I stayed during the Christmas and midtown Manhattan is extremely crowded around that time. But you sitill can catch the subway and in 15 minutes you are in Times Square.  There is a great supermarket nearby where you can buy your groceries (they also deliver) and the gym is great. Lots of
bubble_50	I recently spent 5 nights at the Q & A. The rooms are exceptionally spacious, clean, modern and well appointed. The front desk staff, and Jean Paul (the manager) were always pleasant, smiling and eager to insure that my needs were well taken care of. However, this being NYC with its narrow streets, street noise can sometimes be an issue. The staff went out of their way to insure whatever needed to be done to improve my stay was implemented, including without hesitation moving me to a quieter spot in the building, plus offering thoughtful little amenities to help improve my sleep. Nice touch!  My compliments and thanks to them all for their dedication and good will. Thank you Q & A.
bubble_40	We did a Holiday season overnight here with friends to be tourists and enjoy the city. The accommodations were spacious, comfortable and clean. The decor was sleek. Its downtown within a block of the south street seaport.   We booked two studio rooms that have full kitchens, which would be perfect for an extended stay. For our purposes we used the fridge and coffee pot.  We had a few cocktails and nibbles  together before heading out for dinner and the next morning enjoyed coffee and bagels before walking the Seaport waterfront and heading to a late brunch.   Its the perfect spot to book guests who want more than a hotel room to spread out. There is a gym that we didnt use but  looked in on.
bubble_50	We had a two night break between cruises and was booked into this place, what a treat, reception staff very good, our room was more like an apartment, great situation just one block up from Wall Street, for us a perfect location, great nearby places to visit and lots of bars etc, great!
bubble_20	My spouse and I stayed for 3 nights this winter for a personal trip.   Starting with the PROs, the hotel offered us a large and clean room. The room is actually enormous by NYC standards for hotels. It's located near a subway metro stop for midtown, so it was so easy for seeing Broadway shows. There is a nice coffee shop in the building, so we could get coffee (and go back to the room) without having to wear our coats. Free fast internet.   CONs? For two of the three nights, garbage trucks worked from 2-3am, waking us both up. Even my spouse who isn't very noise sensitive was awoken by this. Worse, when I mentioned this at check-out (without a request for anything because we already paid for the room on hotels.com), the very terse response was "this is NYC and we don't have
bubble_40	As usual registration staff were great, pleasant, professional and helpful. I have been staying there frequently since it opened and never disappointed. Rooms are always clean and comfortable makes for a relaxing end to long days. This my preferred hotel when I am in the city.
bubble_50	We stayed in an executive suite at Q and A and it was an amazing place to stay in New York. The suite was spacious, bed was large and comfortable and it was generally very quiet with the only disturbance from the dust cart. The location is great with loads of great restaurants and bars nearby - particularly loved stone street. The apartment was a welcome retreat from a busy day sightseeing.
bubble_50	Id defo recommend this hotel. Location is great and right by Wall Street subway. There are lots of places to eat near by and if you walk down to the pier there are some lovely shops and restaurants in that area - just a 10 min walk away from the hotel  The hotel building is lovely and the staff are super friendly   The room was exceptional - huge! And the decor was modern. The bed and pillows were super comfy  All in all a great stay and Ill definitely be back soon!  Some of the previous reviews mentioned the bin lorries waking them up in the early hours. I have to admit this did wake us up too but ear plus do the trick and it wouldnt stop me from coming back.
bubble_50	Had an issue with my dryer but Louis/Lewis was very courteous and friendly. He was able to fix the problem quickly. This one interaction made my stay enjoyable. Nice staff and good service. Youre the man Lou!
bubble_50	We had the Deluxe Executive Suite which had a full kitchen and a nook large enough for the blow up queen size mattress that my grand son slept on.   The room was unbelievably large by NYC standards and handsomely furnished.  The entire design of the room was pleasing. This is a suite that you can stay in very comfortably for long stays. It was clean, roomy and attractive with a king size bed. The building it is in, 70 Pine is a beautiful Art Deco building with stunning Art Deco features throughout.   It is a great neighborhood filled with excellent restaurants, historic buildings, walking malls and the newly renovated South Street Seaport.  Subways are close to the hotel. You could not ask for anything better than this hotel.
bubble_50	I don't give a 5-star lightly but the Q&A deserves it, despite some oddities.  Major pros: 1. the rooms are big, even enormous by NYC standards, some of the premium rooms are like good size apartments.  2. Kitchens are great, fully equipped, perfect for longer stays with massive fridge, proper cooker, toaster etc. 3. Staff professional and obliging (and don't expect any tip, seems odd in NYC but it's because there are no doormen or porters, it's all done by the desk staff). 4. Location, though slightly dry, has stunning multiple subway connections (if u can find the entrances), is right by Wall St and near WTC and Liberty boats.  5.  Gym is great. 6. 70 Pine is a cool historic building with great detailing in lobbies. Cons. 1.  All rooms are on low floors with low level street
bubble_40	If you have previously stayed in NYC you will know that rooms are usually small. This is not the case in the Q&A. Rooms are LARGE. Self catering facilities are excellent with convenient supermarket in the building. Walking distance to 9/11 memorial and ferry to Liberty Island. Cross the street to Wall St subway station for rest of Manhattan! No room service but excellent maintenance service when requested. Will be back!
bubble_50	Jet Blue Vacations scheduled us for seven nights in the Q@A Residential Hotel. It is in my judgment perfectly situated, just steps from the Wall Street subway station. Our room or suite was immaculate and spacious, offering a king size bed with a fine, firm mattress; a full kitchen stocked with every essential appliance; a lounge area with couch for TV viewing, and a bathroom with two-headed shower. An inveterate lover of newspapers, I found the NY Times available each morning. Special kudos go to a welcoming and personable staff that was able to answer any tourist question my companion and I raised: Michelle, Katie, Deja, Alex,. Robert, and Gio. In addition, P.J. Weber performed an act of personal kindness unsurpassed in my 57 years of travel. An added bonus: in the same
bubble_50	if you are after a spacious, secure, clean and reasonably priced serviced apartment in NYC, I can't recommend this place enough. The staff was very friendly and helpful from the time I made by booking, checked in and out of the apartment. We recently stayed at Q&A for a week and a half and the Edison residence was absolutely amazing. The apartment was clean and has all the amenities we wanted - king size bed with comfortable bedding, full kitchen with microwave and stove/oven, big fridge, cutlery, crockery, air conditioning/heating, self-service laundry - you name it and they have it! It made us feel like we are locals living in our own apartment. The City Acres market conveniently located on the first floor allowed us to either get fresh produce to cook on our own or buy
bubble_50	Stayed a week there, cannot recommend enough. Studio was amazing, wifi was strong enough to work (I work with large data sets) bed was comfy. Rooms were clean and had full kitchen. Felt like home away from home, no hotel feeling but still felt like 4 stars. Yes, the garbage trucks come out at night, but they do that all over the nyc. Definitely worth every penny I paid. Got really good rest, easy check in and fast return of the deposit on my credit card. Housekeeping was excellent too. One night I heard a mouse or something, but thats not anything new in old iconic building.
bubble_50	This hotel is amazing. The rooms are large, clean, and spacious which is nice since my husband and I were traveling with our 2 year old. We had lots of room for a crib and when we got in for the night she had lots of play space. Its also nice having a fridge and a microwave for leftovers if needed. The staff was friendly and helpful. My only complaint is at night Im assuming it was the trash truck seemed ridiculously loud, but it didnt last long and it is a busy noisy city. The location is great too if you plan on spending lots of time in lower Manhattan and want to do walking. We just take the subway or Uber to go further north. This was our second stay here and will again.
bubble_50	near the 2,3 and not far from the A,C subways.  Studio apartment was huge and had everything one could need.  Art-deco building and lobby were beautiful while Apartment was modern and clean.  Service was super friendly from beginning to end.
bubble_50	In a great location minutes from many subway stations, the Q & A was ideal for our visit. Staff were great from the moment we arrived, and were always extremely helpful.  The rooms were extremely clean and had everything we could wish for. There was also a market and coffee shop on the ground floor which were great for those little extras you invariably need..  There were plenty of bars and restaurants close by, and the location was handy for lots of New York attractions.  We couldn't have stayed anywhere better, and if we come to New York again, will definitely be booking the Q & A.
bubble_50	Very nice apartment and location is amazing, staff is attentive, and cleanliness is beyond reproach. Worth every penny we spent. Enjoyed the stay like anything. I have in several hotels in New York but this was different and wonderful
bubble_50	Clean and convenient to store gym and all areas. Great long term stay  Had a two bedroom with one bath Washer dryer in room was awesome  The market in basket had everything  Secured elevators  The rims were very clean More lights in the room would help brighten the space and rooms  Modern decor
bubble_50	We were there for a long weekend and everything was above expectations.  All of the staff were excellent, the suite was spotless and we wanted for nothing.  The dcor was elegant, the bed and pillows were very comfortable.  The staff in the lobby were over the top - always on top of their game!  We will definitely return.  The renovation of this elegant building was done with perfect preservation in mind - the dcor and finishes are not something you see everyday anymore.
bubble_50	We had a great stay at the Q & A Residential Hotel, it really is a home away from home. The room was incredibly spacious, well maintained, with a super comfortable bed.  The loctation was great, close to two subways.  We could not have asked for more.
bubble_50	We loved our stay at the Q and A Residential Hotel!  We arrived on a wet Saturday evening after a 35 hour trip from Australia. Check in was quick and helpful and we were soon in our great room. We were on the 4th floor and had a great apartment. We've never stayed in a room so big in NYC.  The hotel has everything you need right on site - a doorman, gym, coffee shop, grocery store. Right on the door step is a subway station and the great FiDi area. Plenty of excellent dining and shopping within walking distance from the hotel.  The bed was comfortable, the fridge, microwave and oven were very helpful. Our only slight issue was street noise - it's a one way street so occasionally there would be traffic blockages during which many cars/trucks would honk repeatedly (yes in the
bubble_50	From check-in to check-out I was thoroughly impressed with the front desk personnel, hotel hallway (very clean/shiny and unique compared to other hotels), and especially the comfortable room.  The cleanliness and uniqueness of your hotel was very impressive.  Look forward to my next stay at Q & A!
bubble_50	I found this hotel about a year ago and have never taken the time to write a review.  I frequent this property one to two times a month.  And considering I can stay anywhere in NYC, The Q&A is the best.  The rooms are very large, beautifully decorated, comfy beds and the best fluffy towels. The staff is also terrific. I have received over and beyond service from both Joanna and J.P. They have been extremely accommodating when I needed to fulfill specific needs during a stay and made sure the rooms I booked would meet those needs. Do not hesitate to stay here. Youll be glad you did!!!!!
bubble_50	Who knew that you can get this amazing stay in NYC?  Think luxury AirB&B but with a full time reception.  The apartment is super modern, clean and spacious.  All the details are thought through.  The coffee shop in the building a fantastic as well and an added bonus.  I pay more for the Doubletree and Hilton Garden Inn when travelling to this area and it's not even in the same league.  the place is just perfect.
bubble_50	Located near Wall Street in the most beautiful Art Deco building ever, Q&A has made an oasis of comfort amid forbidding skyscrapers. The stylish rooms with more space than most apartments include full kitchens and a 6th floor laundry. There is a complete fitness room in the basement, and a wonderful grocery on the corner of the building. The rest of the building houses rental apartments. And they are a welcomed quiet amongst the bustle of the city. Our first stay, and truly not our last.
bubble_50	I don't normally comment on Tripadvisor but this is an exception as the accommodation was great. I had spent alot of time researching where my husband  and I would stay. The Q & A was modern, spacious, quiet and had everything we needed including a kitchenette.  Location was great it was away from the crowds but close to Wall street, Fulton and Rector St. stations.
bubble_50	Travelled to New York for the first time this Mar/Apr with my 10 year old daughter, and we would not hesitate to stay at the Q & A again. Our room was modern, clean and large, full kitchen came in handy when my daughter had enough of walking!  Bathroom was well stocked with lovely toiletries which meant you really did not need to bring anything from home.  The wifi provided fast interent access and the market located just around the corner in the same building was out of this world - you can buy a whole meal there ready cooked to take away and the prices seemed reasonable too.  Q&A is just a short walk from Wall Street, we also walked to the Brooklyn Bridge but if you are not a walker then subway stops are just across the road. The hotel rooms are all is on the lower floors of
bubble_50	Do not waste your money staying uptown, stay at Q and A its a fabulous place to base yourself. The hotel rooms are spacious, clean and very comfortable. All the staff are very friendly and will look after you.
bubble_50	My friend lives in this same building and so I stay here periodically when I'm visiting. The rooms are huge for New York! Really the same size as a studio apartment, with kitchen, fridge and storage. Because it's downtown, the prices are reasonable, particularly for New York. It's very convenient to the Oculus (for trains) as well as Wall Street. The decor in the rooms is cute, although you don't get a lot of natural light. Still, the beds are comfy and again, the amount of personal space is incredible. I'll continue to stay here when visiting my friend or on a business trip in Wall Street.
bubble_50	After bad experiences in the past I developed this philosophy that I shouldn't go cheap first time I go to a new place and try to get a four or five stars. Q&A didn't disappoint. By all standards is at least four stars. While price wise is similar with other four stars hotels, you have the benefit of modern large rooms, double the size of regular hotel rooms and on top a full kitchen with Bloomberg appliances. Situated in the Financial District, just behind Deutsche Bank is within two minutes walking  to subway 2&3 and 15 min to Battery Park (for the ferries) or 9-11 Memorial. Quite far from Times Square or Central Park (4 miles), you need to use transit. The subway system is very easy to use and it gets you everywhere really fast. I saw people with large suitcases going to and
bubble_50	Our 7-night stay at the Q&A hotel was remarkable! The room was huge and all of the amenities we could possibly have needed were present. Hotel staff and housekeeping were pleasant and informative. They always had an answer to our questions and continuously let us know that they were there to help us in any way possible. We felt safe and sound on the fourth floor. Night construction was a little noisy, but welcome to New York! :) I would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is conveniently located between two large subway stations so traveling to and from different parts of the city was easy and convenient. Overall, five stars in my book. Thank you Q&A!!
bubble_50	Needed a place for the night because I had some work being done on my place - so I booked a room to get some work done.  I showed up an hour earlier then check-in and hoped that I could get a room early to get started on some work - JP, was working behind the desk with his colleague and they were both a pleasure, they said theyll see if they can get me a room earlier and made it happen. THEN after asking about valet parking (I was parked a few blocks away at a meter) -  JP let me know they dont have Valet but that he had a parking spot for his vehicle and that he gets off at 3:30pm (it was 2pm) and that hell give me a ring or text when hes off and save his spot for me. Really saved me a huge headache - he not only followed through but held an even closer spot right outside
bubble_50	Loved the hotel and amenities.  Great staff as well!  I was really comfortable here!  I had a King Suite with full kitchen, nice bathroom, a reading nook, large closet, couch, small kitchen table and chairs.  This would be a great long term stay hotel.
bubble_50	Our family had the perfect experience here. we were moving in the city and the movers unexpectedly had to stop and finish the job 2 days later with all our belongings packed away. someone mentioned Q&A and we stayed there 2 nights. PJ and Alex at the front desk were fantastic. They organized the perfect room furnished with a crib for our baby. Everyone was friendly and once inside the room, we almost forgot we were in the city because it is so quiet. We enjoyed cooking for the kids in the kitchen which was furnished with all the basics!  We will be telling our families about Q&A when they come to visit.
bubble_50	Stayed in the executive studio for 5 nights in July, myself, husband and 12y old. By far my best stay in NYC ever, the accommodation is huge - living/bedroom area with modern, well furnished kitchen, two walking in wardrobes and a separate office area. Lovely Art Deco building in the financial district across the road from the subway station. All the staff at the reception were lovely and very helpful. Couldnt have asked for more. Thank you for a wonderful stay.
bubble_40	We stayed for 7 nights in January 2018, in a one bedroom 2 bathrooms apartment. We easily found the hotel and the lobby thanks to good signage. Welcome was not very friendly but to the point.  Apartment size was good. Apartment looked just as in travellers pictures on tripadvisor. It was quite dark all the time even though the weather was sunny. There is very sparse interior lighting and it made for a quite somber atmosphere. We didn't spend any time in the reading nook for this reason, even though the chair was comfortable. Furniture wise the apartment is baby proof. The baby bed is quite small, has metal bars and wheels. No bedding is included, probably for safety reasons. The sofas had a leather 'look' but felt very plastic and were not comfortable to sit on. Loved having a
bubble_50	We spent our two weeks in New York here and are amazed at the convenience and size of the apartment. There is a cafe right on the first floor, called Black Fox Cafe and a couple of supermarkets around the corner for groceries. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and make you feel right at home in the apartment. The apartment is fully equipped with all you need in a home! There is some road noise, but nothing major that a pair of ear plugs cannot help block out.   Thank you Q&A for a wonderful stay!
bubble_50	Okay, you can tell. We stayed at the Q&A for a few days in late May and I can honestly say that the excellent reviews are accurate and well-deserved. From the moment we first reached out to the hotel to make our reservation (one person in our party is staying for over two months, so we needed a bit of guidance) it was clear that Q & A takes customer service seriously. Julianne, our initial point of contact, was helpful, knowledgeable  and genuinely warm and welcoming! The rooms (apartments) she found for us were perfect! The front desk staff is also very helpful, friendly and accommodating.   The building is located in a nice and very convenient part of the Financial District and it houses a full-service market and gym. I purchased a few items from the market for breakfast and
bubble_50	The apartment I got was so spacious, clean and modern. The bed is absolutely massive and the location of the hotel is very convenient, right next to Wall Street metro station. Staff were friendly and helpful. All in all I really enjoyed my stay here.
bubble_50	Three of us travelled to NYC. We wanted an apartment so we could cook if needed for our 6 year old. But the trappings of a hotel too. We have been to nyc many times but have not stayed in the financial district. We loved it and now wonder why we hadn't stayed there before.   The hotel was amazing, building was jaw dropping and rooms were huge and fully kitted out. Staff could not have been more personable or helpful. We wouldnt stay anywhere else now. Market on the corner topped it all off for us.   And then you are so close to the subway and boats and seaport it felt like a totally different NYC. We loved it.   Thanks q&a for an amazing stay.   (11 nights, 1 bed apartment with office)
bubble_50	This was my fourth annual trip to NYC to visit with my son, this time from June 8-26, and of course I stayed again at Q and A Hotel because it has consistently provided me with clean rooms, prompt service, and warm hospitality.   As a Friends with Benefits, I received a complimentary upgrade from an executive studio to a one-bedroom two-bath unit, which was spacious with lots of closet space. Not only was the kitchen fully equipped, but the hotel also graciously and promptly provided me with additional appliances and whatnot such as a blender and extra pots and pans when I requested them.   We hit a glitch on the day of my arrival, however, since someone had dumped some hideously potent deodorant down into the air-conditioning (apparently to cover up an odor - smoking perhaps?)
bubble_50	We loved our beautiful spacious upgraded one bedroom -- our own apartment in the city! Their GuestBook rewards program is a must. Walking distance to World Trade Center, South Seaport, easy walk to Brooklyn Bridge or a water taxi to Brooklyn.
bubble_50	Q&A Residential Hotel offers apartment style rooms that are incredibly spacious and tasteful furnished.  I loved my stay, will definitely return, and highly recommend.  The hotel itself is on the first six floors of the beautifully restored Cities Services Building, now a residential building.  Reception is easy to find, sign posted and located in an office area in a corner of the ground floor.   I booked an Executive Studio Apartment (Holland Residence) and was amazed at how large, modern and tasteful the room was.  Whilst I'd seen the online photos, it exceeded my expectations. The room was apartment style with a large open living plan for the bed, couch, dining and full kitchen.  There was a separate study area.  The bed and pillows were very comfortable.  I loved the walk-in
bubble_50	This Hotel offers spacious rooms with a kitchenette to give the homey touch. Excellent location opposite to Wall Street line 2/3. It is within walking distance to different amenities like the WTC. Shopping areas are close by as well with plenary of shops.
bubble_50	It was huge--beautiful, well-done, immaculate.  They upgraded us, as space was available, as promised on their website(if we booked through their site).  Very comfortable.  Everyone was so, so friendly.  Honestly, I can't say enough good about Q&A.  Amazing coffee shop in the lobby (The Black Fox) with the best flat white I've had in a long time and delicious bacon and eggs!  Can't wait to go back
bubble_50	Everything about this was easy and perfect.  We stayed 5 nights with our toddler and all the extra space was fantastic. There was room for him to play, and a  crib was provided.  The full kitchen was definitely helpful for meals and dishes with a toddler.  The location was fantastic as well. Very close to subways and walking distance to anything you might need.
bubble_50	This was my second stay in this fabulous hotel. The most spacious and clean hotel, within the price range, in NYC.  The staff are very helpful and polite, the location is close to transport and a stroll to the river. Highly recommended!
bubble_50	We stayed for 3 days while my wife was getting medical treatment. We stayed in a beautiful 1 bedroom 2 bath unit, it had a full kitchen and a foyer. Plenty of room for my wife's wheel chair. Staff was very friendly and helped us with our bags to and from our car. Big thanks to JP, you rock bro!  Lots of nice touches, like a bose bluetooth speaker in the room.  Couple of things to remember. If you sign into your netflix or Amazon prime on the TV's, make sure to sign out before you leave. We had access to a French Family's netfilx account. Also if you're driving in, you need to put two tires up on the curb to unload  your car or you will block traffic on the narrow Pine Street entrance.
bubble_50	My family and I stayed at Q & A hotel over the weekend. The staff welcomed us and made u feel at home. The check in process was seamless. The rooms are massive and beautifully furnished with comfortable beds.  We had an amazing hotel experience and we will definitely be back again! Highly recommended!  Many thanks to JP, Marshall, Hector, and Alex
bubble_50	When I reflect on my yrip, the first thing that comes to mind are the plush pillows  and very comfortable beds.Rooms are on smaller side nut cozy  and clean. Wow. Cute hotel and nice staff only willing to help. Overall we enjoyed our stay  and the breakfast  was also good with variety. Wroclaw  has the most beautiful  old town which one could  spend days exploring. We really enjoyed our stay.
bubble_40	Stayed  in a studio on lower (4th)floor.  No view. Room very clean and well appointed but bed was very (too) firm.  Staff was not customer oriented which made it difficult to get information....room was not ready on time.  Did not receive instructions on wi-fi or using tv remote.  Found no instructions in room or other tourist info including not learning until I left that there is a supermarket in the basement.  No recommendations on dining either.  Since most happenings in NYC are in midtown, Times Square or near Central Park, if you are a tourist,  I dont recommend staying in this area.  Commuting 3-4 miles doesnt sound like much until you meet NYC traffic and experience 10 min miles in a car.  I commuted north every day (tho subway is convenient ).  I do love the
bubble_50	This was a great hotel experience. After a very long flight, Marshall on the front desk was super helpful and managed to co-ordinate an early check in for me. The room was really spacious and clean.  Everything worked, the bed was comfortable, air conditioning not too noisy, there were places to work on a laptop, wireless connection was fine.  I would have liked a bit more bench space in the bathroom if I was being really picky. The room has a full kitchen and there is a decent small supermarket in the same building to stock up on food.  Short walk to subway stations. All in all it was a pleasure to come home to my room each day. An effortless checkout completed a great experience.
bubble_30	I would like to start off by saying I love QA Hotel, my girlfriend discovered this gem almost as soon as it opened a few years ago.  Since, we have been to this hotel at least 8-10 times. I have had zero complaints , up until now.  Last week Thursday, we made a reservation for one night ( Thursday - Friday).  The smaller concern, the remote did not exactly work , going through regular TV channels was perfect but when attempting to switch to the smart TV features the remote simply would not work.  Now over to my bigger concern, as we were getting ready to check out I got my parking ticket validated by concierge and noticed that it was no longer a stamp but a sticker, I thought nothing of it.  We get to IconParking on S William St., The manager explains to us 1: they have never
bubble_50	Excellent service (though check-in took a bit longer than expected--but staff quickly accommodated the line).  Very friendly.  Front desk Staff "apologized" for giving me the only available room--a beautiful and spacious twp bedroom apartment.  The location was perfect for my meetings near battery park and across the street from a subway line which goes directly to times square. Good fitness center.  The hotel itself is within a larger building composed of apartments and condos--a bit confusing to enter at first, but not really an issue.  Highly recommended.
bubble_50	We had a great 5 night stay. The staff was exceptional, they were very nice and helpful. The room was spacious and clean, looked just like the pictures. After a long day it was nice to come home to a spacious room and kitchen. The location was great, right across the street from the Wall Street subway station. Also much quieter at night then a midtown hotel. I also agree with the other reviewer that the owl in the bathroom is creepy, we checked to see if it was a hidden camera, or  maybe its to keep rodents away?! Also agree that the mood lighting is nice, but not practical for cosmetic application, etc. A full length mirror would also be helpful and a bath mat in the tub, it was slippery. We would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	3 adults stayed in a one bedroom with office, 2 bathroom for 10 nights during May. Put roll away bed in the office. Very roomy and beautiful apartment. Would definitely recommend staying here. 2 suggestions, the owl's in the bathroom's are a little creepy and the mood lighting although lovely, is not that practical when trying to read or send emails. Staff very friendly and helpful. Location great. Close to subway, deli's restaurants and liquor store.
bubble_50	I found this hotel as a last minute booking during fleet week and I couldn't be more pleased with the accommodations. The room was stunning and much larger than most hotels I book in the wall street area. The room was really clean, the bed was comfortable, and I cannot say enough about how spacious the rooms are! I told all of my colleagues about this and we will all definitely be back in the future. The staff was very friendly and helpful, felt right at home. Thanks!
bubble_50	We thought we were in trouble due to an overbooking issue when we arrived. But the management was incredibly classy and put us up in a nearby high class hotel, covered our costs there, and then welcomed us back for our last day. Great hospitable service. The room we got was what we expected a large, modern suite with a kitchen, firm large bed and a sitting area with a very large TV with every channel service you can imagine. The building is an historic art deco structure and the lobbt has been restored to display the best touches. Next to the Wall Street station this hotel is located next to everything via the subway. We will be back as there is an incredible amount to do and places to eat in this undiscovered area of NYC ( that is for tourist!).
bubble_50	After several visits to NYC we decided to stay down in the Financial District for a change of pace and what a pleasant surprise it was. Running parallel to Wall Street and close to both Fulton and Wall Street subways this place is a gem. Spacious apartment with laundry facilities located in the building. Brand new and modern - galley kitchen very workable.  After a hectic day uptown completing with the tourists this place was a pleasure to come home to.  Supermarket located underneath the building  - a little pricey. I would make the trip to Wholefoods and stock up - about a fifteen walk. Eatly; Century 21 are also close by.  The building is full of locals who are all friendly and happy to recommend local restaurants and bars of which there are a number to choose from. Head down
bubble_50	I was pleasantly surprised how wonderful this hotel was!  I was there 4 nights earlier this month.  I felt like I was in my own studio apartment.  It was nice to have a full kitchen with all the tools I needed!  Great location, close to grocery store(s), restaurants, tours, businesses, etc. The staff was awesome and took great care of me!  They even arranged transportation for me from the hotel to the Newark airport!
bubble_50	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel, we arrived few hours before check-in time so the staff took our luggage and bags so we could sightsee. This hotel is in great location, we walked to Century 21, Charging Bull, Fearless Girl , World Trade Center and Times Square. The hotel rooms are very modern, spacious and clean. It also has a walk-in closet, full kitchen and to top it all off... super friendly staff! This is definitely the hotel we are staying when we go back to NYC.
bubble_50	Hello  My name is Richard Terrell, me and my fiance' Pamela Mcclary stayed @the Q&A Residential Hotel this past weekend May 11th-13th 2018. 1st let me say this in Not a complaint nor disappointment email! The BEST Hotel Stay Ever!!!! Hands Down!!! The Staff!!! from Front Desk to Housekeeping were Amazing! Their professionalism, courtesy and friendliness was Outstanding!. My fiance' and I have been to many different hotels but Q&A is By far 5 !!   The safe in our room had some malfunctioning difficulties, which we deemed minute! The Staff was so professional and went the extra mile. Offering us another room because of the safe(which we declined)...they sent up a bottle of wine for the inconvience!   My fiance' and I were headed out, for the night Saturday evening, unknown to us
bubble_40	The Q&A Residential Hotel was my home away from home for two weeks recently while in NYC on business. The location was great - very easy walk to many attractions, shops, restaurants. I loved the high ceilings and spaciousness of the rooms. Having a fully outfitted kitchen was very nice and I used it often rather than eating out all the time. The City Acres Market just around the corner was very convenient to pick up grocery items (*tip - exit the market through the back door and you are in the basement of the building, just ride the elevator up to the main lobby and then walk to the hotel bank of elevators). The safe in the closet was spacious and held my laptop and other items with room to spare. I very much enjoyed having the Bose Bluetooth speaker in the room so I could
bubble_50	The Q and A is a block from the Wall Street Subway stop.  It can actually be reach taking a minimal number of stairs.  The building is very classy.  The reception was polite, courteous and welcoming.  But the surprise was the room size.  Though an executive studio, the alcove was almost 12x15 with 2 large walk-in closets.  A full (complete) kitchen which even had a dishwasher.  Master space had a king size bed of excellent quality.  Linens were first class for both the bed and bath.  It was a delightful stay and lovely hotel.  The neighborhood is big time Wall Street.  Enough places to eat and drink with a block or so.  We found a nice grocery a block away, and even the drug stores had a large variety of snack and beverages.  It is a little quiet on weekend nights, but we never
bubble_50	My son and I stayed here for the 5 Boro Bike Tour.  Upgrade to an Executive Studio and it was 800 sq ft.  For NYC, that is huge.  We were able to bring our bikes in the room as well.  Kitchen and everything you need.  No Room Service, but places all around to get food.  The price was right as well.  Great Value.
bubble_40	Extremely large rooms, especially by NYC standards.  Very modern and clean, with full kitchen, including dishwasher.   The only reason not to stay here is you prefer a full service hotel, and this is more like serviced apartments.   Also, no real views from the room.
bubble_50	Q&A is a great find in the Wall Street area.  It has attractive art deco decor in the common areas.  The check in staff was helpful and friendly.  We had three family members sharing a room with a roll away bed.  The beds were comfortable and the bedding was crisp and comfortable.  It was great to have a kitchen, large closet, and wood floors.  The towels were plush and there were enough of them (unusual, especially in NYC).  The floorplan provided an easy way for three people to have privacy, wake up at different times, shower, and stay quite comfortably.                                                         I appreciated the encouragement to reuse towels, but if the hotel is serious about this it would helpful to install hooks.   Because the towels were large and plush and
bubble_50	This was my second trip to NYC. This time we stayed at Q & A! Its a landmark that was built in 1932 and you can see all the old art deco in many places like the elevator or door arches. The place is so clean, quiet and staff professional. We loved it! There was so much room and we requested a blow up mattress that we put in the "office" section. Late check out available if you are a "member". The rooms have a full kitchen, an ice maker, hair dryer, coffee maker, a comfy king size bed, a small couch, a comfy chair with foot stool & 2 small tables with chairs. The best part though was we were within walking distance of Wall street, New York Stock Exchange, Statue of liberty, Sea Glass Carousel, One world Observatory, and 9/11 memorial & museum. (probably many other things too but
bubble_50	My partner and I stayed at Q&A in December 2017 and we had a wonderful time. We got the subway from JFK to wall street and had no trouble finding the right building - even though we arrived late at night.   When we checked in we got upgraded to a bigger straight away which was amazing! Our room was basically a huge apartment with a good sized bathroom (with a tub), kitchenette, walk in wardrobe, and biggest bed in the world. It had everything we could possibly have asked for and we enjoyed making breakfasts and meals for ourselves in our kitchenette!  There is a subway station really close to the Q&A building which will take you anywhere in NYC. We actually walked from midtown back to Q&A one evening which was a great way of seeing the city on foot - it took us about an hour to
bubble_50	I was upgraded to a large one bedroom two bathroom suite. It was HUGE, and very clean. The staff, Alex, went out of his way to provide great customer service and to ensure I was pleased with the accommodation. It is located in a great spot and very convenient. Would recommend staying there.
bubble_40	I stayed here for 6 days for a work conference. I like the FIDI district and felt safe here as a woman alone. I liked the room size, cleanliness, bed comfort, amenities and kitchen. I would easily stay here again so the following 2 comments are my only negative experiences. I was offered an upgrade but did not realize that with the larger size suite would also come being on the side of the room over the parking area for the garbage truck that would come and go all nite, compressing garbage. At 2 Am I requested another room and moved in the middle of the nite. Management wrote me a note and gave me candy for my trouble. I would suggest that a better option might be asking if you are heavy or light sleeper before the room upgrade offered and asking if the size of the room was more
bubble_50	I booked this room on HotelTonight for a one night business trip- my typical hotels in the area were full due to Tribeca film fest.  I received a great rate and was upgraded to a two bedroom suite.  I think this may be the biggest NYC hotel room I have ever stayed in! The room was trendy with nice details like fun lamps.  Two very small drawbacks were that while there was a coffee maker in the room there were no to-go cups and the bathroom had a creepy plastic owl decoration that looked like its purpose was to scare away mice (though I'm sure this isn't the case, it was just a tiny bit unnerving).
bubble_30	We selected this hotel based on the reviews. Eight  night stay! Great rooms, clean, modern and spacious.So the kitchen and bathroom. Unfortunately OUR ROOM was too noisy at night. We go to New York to enjoy the city: walk, go to Times Square at night, to the theater, restaurants , bars, tours, etc, etc and return to the hotel for a nice restful night. OUR ROOM was noisy well after midnight and from 4-5 am due to the trash being moved on the adjacent street. NO good insulation. Likely other rooms do not have this problem but be sure to check with the hotel. OTHER THAN THIS PROBLEM,  great location, very close subway, excellent bars and restaurants nearby.
bubble_50	My husband and I have traveled to NYC many times, and because we know it's an expensive city with tiny rooms, we're always trying to find a best value hotel.  We discovered Q&A Residential Hotel through Travel Zoo, but we just signed up for their "Friends with Benefits" program and look forward to staying here again hopefully with rates just as good.  It's been a great place to stay as the rooms are new, VERY spacious (especially for NYC), clean.    We had a very good check in process with Alex at the front desk, and because it's located in the Financial District, it's been quieter at night time.  We wanted to be close to Brooklyn as we were here to see our daughter's band, Khruangbin, play at the Music Hall in Williamsburg.  This hotel is conveniently located, and we took UberX
bubble_50	Great downtown location in a storied building, one of the kings of New York. Hotel blocks are from the sixth floor and below, which means natural light is at a premium; at that level, other buildings such as 80 Pine jut into the sky. You do get the opportunity to watch people in other office buildings, though. :)   I've stayed here more than a few times, occupying two bedroom units all the way down to the entry level studios. Dcor is consistent, though larger rooms offer greater amenities, such as a washer/dryer combo. Bathrooms are uniform: tub, toilet, sink, surrounded by subway tile. Some variation in the kitchen layouts, but essentially the same representation across all the lines I've inhabited. Beds are comfortable, sheets are tight. HVAC can be a little challenging; a
bubble_50	We stayed in the Q&A for 5 nights over Easter and the first thing that struck us was how big the room was considering it is a studio apartment.  On checking in we were pleased to be told we had been upgraded to a deluxe studio and my husband happened to mention that we were over for my birthday, so when we got to our room they had left a lovely bottle of red wine for us with a birthday message - what a lovely touch. The kitchen is very well equipped - the only thing we noticed that was missing was a cheese grater but I'm pretty sure had we bothered to ask reception for one, they would have provided it! The hotel is located right opposite Wall Street station so is really handy for catching the subway and it is walkable to quite a few attractions including catching the boat to the
bubble_50	This apartment was extremely large by New York standards. My husband and son stayed with me and their was plenty of room for us all. The kitchen was large and had all the necessities. The walk in closet was also very large and was a great area to dress in.
bubble_30	Traveled here with a colleague for business and we stayed in one of the two bedroom units.  Room was well laid out and the staff were very polite.  If I were here on vacation, the room would have been near perfect, but when you are staying for work, reliable Wi-Fi is a requirement.  Unfortunately, the Wi-Fi is less than reliable and when it does work it is achingly slow.  They are far behind other hotels in this area.  We spoke with some other guests, and they had the same opinion.  The hotel staff acknowledged it, but could not solve the issue.  This is something that management must address.   Housekeeping also could improve a bit.  They just need to pay more attention to the details.  But overall, it was ok.  If they fix those issues, this hotel will be darn near perfect, but
bubble_50	I arrived at this hotel with high expectations due to the positive reviews and it certainly delivered. The hotel was easy to find within close proximity to many subway stations. The hotel itself looks outstanding - the decoration is simply unique and highly creative. Upon arrival I was complimentary upgraded to a bigger room which I was thrilled about. The rooms are massive. I doubt you will find a hotel room with as much space anywhere else in New York. The room was also in pristine condition and had everything you could hope for (TV with Netflix, iPod dock, full kitchen, cutlery, plates etc). I was seriously impressed. The room was kept clean by service staff and the hotel desk were very helpful in my queries on the local area.  Now the only downsides were that a large deposit
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel over St Patricks Day wknd. As advertised, it was absolutely beautiful, very modern, & an overall wonderful experience. From the Times Square area we took the 3 train to South Ferry. If you can jump off at Wall St it will get you even closer (about a block away) however, due to the time we had to take it all the way to South Ferry. From there it was about a 10 minute easy walk. ~ Upon arrival the staff was very friendly and accommodating. One staff mbr even walked us to the elevator. ~ Hotel was everything we could have wanted and more. Very beautiful and everything looked brand new. Regardless of what you are doing in the city, this hotel is well worth the ride. One thing to keep in mind is that parking is not included. Parking in a nearby garage will run
bubble_50	I found this apartment hotel by chance. My family and I spent a weekend here and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The rooms are spacious, modern and comfortable with fully fitted kitchen. Cool vibe. Great for a short or long stay. The location is ideal  for Wall Street. The staff are genuinely friendly and extremely helpful. I can't recommend highly enough and would definitely return.
bubble_50	I love the Q&A Residential hotel.  It is now my new favorite NYC hotel.  With the full kitchen, spacious bathroom, and nicely appointed features, this hotel provided everything I need for an extended business trip into the financial district. Issues were resolved quickly and with a smile.   Thank you Q & A for providing an alternative to the classic, small and not very inviting hotel atmosphere that can exist with large chains.!!!  See ya'll next week!
bubble_30	1) We were not informed that the hotel fee would be charged up front 2) There was a system error that required an additional charge to my credit card after we left the Q&A 3) Nobody informed us about the the additional charge before the charge, despite the up-front payment had the exact value of the reservation 4) Despite my reservation for a luxury room, I was allocated to a room that had the noise of a work outside the building that used to start early in the night and take the whole night 5) When I complained with your front desk the first solution was: "I can give you some ear plugs" 6) Then I complained a lot more and the next answer I received was: "This is New York" 7) I kept complaining and I felt tired and told the people of the front desk to find a solution. I went out
bubble_40	Conveniently located in the financial district. The room was always clean, staff were pleasant.  My only complaint would be the fridge had a bit of an odour.  Check in process was quick and easy, everything was ready.  When I requested more toiletries they were sent up immediately.  The coffee shop located at this hotel is great too. Rooms are a nice size, good TV channel selection.  Wifi wasn't the best.
bubble_50	This hotel is located perfectly in NYC. Upon arrival I was treated with the upmost friendly staff. Then I opened the door to my room to a jaw dropping room. This was hands down the best hotel Ive ever stayed at. The bed was super comfortable, the entire place is very clean including modern appliances. You will walk in the door and feel right at home. Also, if your at the front desk be sure to ask for Marshall. His friendly service is backed with knowledge of the best local bars in the area. With Marshalls knowledge, and the amazing overall stay, you have to book Q&A.
bubble_50	Stayed for 5 nights in a one bed/two bath apartment with our daughter who had rollaway bed.  This apartment was just what it said on the tin! Ticked all the boxes, fully functioning kitchen, plenty of space, great firm bed, clean, close to subway, super close to 4 grocery stores and two good coffee shops.  We stayed on 3rd floor and happily didnt notice any street noise.  The apartment had loads a comfortable chill out space, dining area and work area.   The apartments are located within a huge Art Deco skyscraper which is fantastic.  In a city that doesnt allow Airbnb this is the obvious choice for people wanting an apartment type stay that is legal.  It gives so much more than a regular suite in a hotel.  I happen to like this area, its not touristy but the lacks the
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel after the Women's March on Saturday. It was a great deal through Booking.com and we were really just looking for a place to rest after a full day's activities. What we got was a whole lot more. Great location. Beautifully decorated and well-appointed. Everything you could ask for and much more. Comfortable king-sized bed. Full kitchen. Staff were extremely accommodating, pleasant and professional at check in and responded quickly to our request for late check out....thank you, Alex! We have already begun to look at dates for our next visit......this place is great for folks like us from NJ or the surrounding area who want to spend a weekend....or if you are visiting from anywhere and want to feel more of a Airbnb home-like experience.....this is it! The
bubble_50	Spent another Christmas holiday at the Q& A.  Great accommodations.  Love, love, love the new market.  They have a grand selection of prepared food then downstairs there is a full on high end supermarket.  A great addition to this perfect hotel.  It is located in lower Manhattan which has lots of historical sites.  We spent an xtra day this year so we could see a few more attractions.  We went to the Oculus.  What a fantastic piece of architecture.  I felt like I was in a building in the 25th Century.  Q&A is within walking distance of many historical sites.  Hoe to go back a third time soon.  The room is spacious and the Kitchen is a great convenience.  My dog was a welcome guest and he was able to make friends at the local dog park 2 blocks away.   Thanks Q&A for making our
bubble_50	Me and my partner stay in a executive studio, really nice room with all the commodities you need to feel like u are home. Great service when it comes to any requests we had, plus good housekeeping service.  We had a chance to go to black fox cafe... nice service...Its near to the oculus building, 911 memorial, a lot of shopping stores. Nice place, close to a lot of turstico places and nice sightseeing. We really enjoy our stay, love front desk people and management. Great service overall, we like it so much that we are planning to go back next month.
bubble_50	Much love to the whole staff as usual. The new cat Jehu! And Alex, JP.. and everyone there that I cant remember at the moment. We are native NYers but we stay at the Q&A whenever we want an awesome giant luxurious hotel room and we always get shown VIP treatment above and beyond the call of duty.. its our go to for quite some time and will continue to be for years to come!   Another amazing stay for my ladys Birthday! The night audit guys, Luis in maintenance and Michelle and Chanelle.. great room, great time!
bubble_50	The Q & A is a great place to stay. Having the full kitchen enables you to have a few cheaper meals while in NYC.  The rooms also had good entertainment with smart tv's and a wireless speaker.  There's also plenty of food options around the area, we sampled Mexican and Greek but there were also many others such as an irish pub and a nice looking sushi restaurant. The Q&A also has an attached coffee shop 'Black Fox' which had really nice coffees, cakes and snacks.  The staff were friendly and helpful with all our queries. We also found it nice to stay in a quieter neighborhood over the holiday period. The subway stations are all close enough for easy transport links.
bubble_50	This place if amazing.  I stayed for 12 days.  Rooms impeccable. Staff friendly and extremely helpful.  Would not hesitate to stay here again also a workout room, sauna, and great coffee shop in lobby.  A GEM.
bubble_50	I am truly amazed with this hotel. It is ultra modern and clean. The location is excellent. It is in a stylish old style building. the wifi is fast. the front desk service was smiling and efficient. It is very difficult to find such a hotel in new york at affordable prices
bubble_40	We stayed for a little over a week in an executive studio, so it was great to have a full kitchen and dining room; we could cook and eat takeout in comfort.  Since there were three of us, we had an extra bed in the little "office" area.  The extra bed was an air mattress, but it was pretty comfortable. The only issue was that at first, it was not covered with a fitted cotton bed sheet, but there were blankets, so I thought at first it was really supposed to be that way. A few nights later, a fitted sheet was placed on it, so I guess housekeeping forgot.  Our apartment was clean, and it was very spacious.  There was a self-service laundry on the same floor.   The location is great - I think most tourists go to Midtown, but the Financial District is pretty interesting.  The WTC
bubble_50	This is a great lower Manhattan hotel. The rooms were so phenomenal that our four teenage girls took 20 minutes taking photos of them! The rooms were clean, spacious, and quiet by NYC standards. The lightning is a little dark, and some of the subway stations are closed on the weekends, but these inconveniences were minor compared to the space and value of the rooms. We've stayed in several other Manhattan properties, and the Q&A is now our favorite!
bubble_40	Amazing stay. Special shout out to Channelle, Alex and Tracy for their hospitality. Tracy willingly helped me with all of my gigantic suitcases. Would not make it without his kindness. Keep up the good work!!!
bubble_50	On a girls trip to see NYC at Christmas. We were able to secure this wonderful hotel in the Financial district, after leaving our first hotel reserved two months in advance. (Terrible).   This is a residential building on Pine street. The Q&A owns six floors. They are apartment homes with fully equip kitchens, modern appliances. We had a one bedroom suite with two large bathrooms and a separate small working area with a cool desk and lamps. And two large TV's. The apartments are furnish with comfortable modern furniture. I slept in a very comfortable twin size rollaway bed in the living area and had a bathroom all to myself. The hotel is very quiet. We occasionally heard a car pick or dropping someone off. There's a great cafe in the first floor with breakfast and coffee called
bubble_40	Diane Lee front desk manager was accommodating when I asked for a late check out. I signed up for the friends with benefits rewards at the hotel I was a little disappointed about not getting the free upgrade based on availability but it's understandable the hotel seems to come across a lot of guests which is obvious. I have read recent reviews about people being forced out of the hotel at 11am. I have to say my experience was not this. I simply emailed the front desk in which Diane lee honored my request to check out at 1pm.   Axel Fischer, general manager is a very kind gentlemen answering my email about a concern with my bill statement he was extremely professional and timely he handled my situation with kindness and respect. It is very hard to find a manager these days who is
bubble_50	The rooms have a ton of space compared to the traditional NYC hotel room without the crazy expense that tends to come with square footage in NYC. The staff was extremely welcoming & responsive to any request. Our Wifi went down & they had someone in our room to check on it within 10 minutes. The kitchen came stocked with the necessities needed & cribs or pack & plays are available if you bring a little one. The financial district becomes significantly quieter on the weekends leading to less stores & restaurants that are open or more limited hours.  Tip: There is a lot of construction on the subway lines to this area, especially on the weekends. The 2 & 3 were not running at night to the financial district leaving you with the 4 & 5. Something to be aware of when you want to make
bubble_50	We were traveling with our almost 2 year old and this place was perfect. We had lots of room plus a full kitchen which was nice to make her breakfast in the morning and to have a fridge for her leftovers and snacks. Plus we had a place to store water and milk. The staff was friendly and helpful. They accommodated us to an early check in. The room was very clean and nice. Close to battery park, Wall Street and soho area. There was a subway station close by so we could get anywhere easily. Will definitely stay again
bubble_50	We had a Studio Apartment and we were absolutely amazed by the standards of the room. The furniture was modern, funky and contemporary. The kitchens are more than adequately equipped if you did want to cater for yourselves with all the utensils required plus all the mod cons including Kettle, Toaster, Coffee Maker, Microwave, Oven, Hob, Dishwasher, Fridge Freezer etc.  Flat Wide Screen TV has Spectrum including on demand etc - UK Equiv to Sky I think ! Plug sockets included direct USB connections so no need for adapters. As soon as we had settled in our room we had a knock at the door to welcome us and wish us all the best with a bottle of wine as we were celebrating an anniversary too. Very nice touch ! Q&A has the Wall Street 2&3 Metro stop almost opposite the entrance so
bubble_50	I stayed with three friends last weekend, and I was honestly wary of the great price for the large space. Nothing to worry about, it was lovely! Two full bathrooms, large living space, full kitchen, bedroom, it was perfect for us!
bubble_50	Space in NYC is rare.  Affordable space is even rarer. Q&A gave us both. We LOVED the apartment. Layout was sleek, clean and modern. Building is historic. Chanelle was lovely. Location is downtown near Wall Street with plenty of transportation options, restaurants, bars and groceries nearby.  Plus walking distance to Observatory Tower, Battery Park, Brooklyn Bridge, Tribeca, etc.  Loved it. Will be back!
bubble_40	This hotel is wonderful. We have an 8 month old baby and this was perfect. We had a full kitchen and a one bedroom apartment. There was tons of storage and it was very spacious. It is very close to subway stops and various attractions. The hotel staff was very friendly. The only time we had a problem was when housekeeping did not show up and we had to request for them to come. The housekeepers were rude and acted as if we were inconveniencing them. Other than that, our stay was quite pleasant. Only suggestion is to have more light fixtures as it was a little dark. VERY QUIET and clean and modern!
bubble_50	We were able to exchange our timeshare for a stay at the Q&A for Thanksgiving week and it was a great choice.  Room was spacious and we pre-arranged for a rollaway for my teenage daughter.  Location was great - directly across from Wall Street subway and close walk to other stops in the financial district.  Staff was very nice.  Compared to other postage sized hotel rooms in the city, we thought it was a great option.  Hope to be able to come back again.
bubble_10	The general manager of this hotel, Axel, is awful and shouldnt work in the hospitality industry.   Two days here was hell on earth. The showers didnt work. When I notified Axel, he told me there was a Duane Reade nearby for Draino. Their $2000 fridge isnt frost free and died five minutes into my stay. Garbage trucks go by at 1am for over an hour. The TV was broken and took 3 hours to fix. Then the WiFi went out. And another 3 hours of my time wasted.   I thought once Management was notified of all these problems, theyd be as horrified as me. On the contrary, instead of issuing me the refund the night manager said would be issued, the general manager began trying to negotiate how much would be refunded. At over $400 a night, youd expect CLASS - not The Price is Right.
bubble_50	The Q&A hotel is an outstanding value. We booked a double deluxe room (least expensive standard room) and were given a huge studio with a king-sized bed, walk-in closet, large bathroom, full kitchen (including dishwasher) and foyer. The spaciousness of the room was remarkable. The location, next to the Wall Street subway station and a block and a half from the New York Stock Exchange, is convenient for quickly getting to other parts of the city but also a little odd. If you are looking to walk out of your hotel into a lively New York street scene, this is not the place. The combination of narrow streets and tall buildings in and around Wall Street creates a dark, closed-in effect that is not appealing. On the other hand, the Freedom Tower, 9/11 Memorial, Battery Park and the
bubble_40	You walk in the room, everything you pretty much need is there to make you feel right at home. The elevators are secure with key access only. Full kitchen, I cooked a full spread of baked chicken, etc. Just to give you an idea. One thing, my heat went out. There was a language barrier with the other staff I notified, so I spent the evening in layers, cold. Tracy came to the room, full of energy, professionalism and SUPERB customer service. Even though the Dir of Operations promised to follow up with me and didn't, Tracy made sure I had the things I needed to sleep well tonight. Kudos to you Tracy!! If you come here say hi to him!
bubble_50	I stayed here twice recently and have no complaints the rooms are modern, spacious and clean. Staff is friendly and the location is great! We have recommended this hotel to a friend who will be staying there next month and will continue to recommend. My only negative is both rooms i stayed im had this creepy owl in the bathrooms.
bubble_50	Best value for a hotel room that Ive ever gotten in New York City. I only needed a hotel room for two nights, and I had a large one bedroom apartment with a kitchen.  I would definitely stay there again if I needed to be downtown.
bubble_50	A great hotel a block from Wall St. From the moment we checked in, all staff were very helpful and friendly. Right across the road from the Wall St subway station that takes you to all key uptown locations however note this is closed after 10pm everyday and on weekends. At these times there are other close by stations  that are not more than a 10 minute walk way. Close to loads of eating places and a number of shops. Great hotel amenities  (gym, business services, laundry) and room itself very spacious and clean with an extensive cable tv channel selection. For NY, we found this to be very affordable and highly recommend this hotel to anyone.
bubble_50	Im still in shock at how nice our room is.   Its huge!!  Full kitchen, tasteful decorations, nice couch and lots of pillow on the comfy bed.   All parts of this hotel smell good and its very very clean.  Third time in NYC in a year and this is by far the most exquisite place weve stayed.  The check in process was seamless and Martin went above and beyond for us.   Subways very close and a little market below was great. You will not be sorry you booked here!
bubble_50	Enormous studios with full kitchens and secondary lounge/office rooms with top notch design, detail and cleanliness. Excellent central financial district location 1 block from wall street. Tastefully done science themed design elements and a contemporary consistent grey/black white clean color palate room decor
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed here a few weeks ago; we had a wonderful stay.  Loved the location, room and staff.  The Financial District is much more residential now and there are lots of restaurant and shopping options (including a grocery store around the corner that had a good selection of essentials plus a Whole Foods not too much of a hike away).  Subway is right across from the building and will take you to all the major areas. It was great to be tossed around by the crowds in the tourist areas of NYC all day and then come back to our cozy apartment to relax and rewind. We felt like locals living in our trendy Art Deco building and fabulous apartment.  Thank you Q&A; we can't wait to come back!
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here with two of our three sons (one had to stay at Uni, so sadly missed out!) and had a fantastic four day break, staying in two separate rooms.  Could not recommend this place enough.  Fantastic, spacious rooms with lovely, big beds and fresh white bed linen.  The beautifully equipped kitchen area meant that we could have our coffee in the morning and share a delicious healthy takeaway from the nearby food market/shops in the evening, which we preferred to eating out all the time.  A short subway journey and you were where you wanted to be, so don't be put off that it's in the Financial District.  Very close to Staten Island Ferry, 9/11 Memorial etc. Pay a visit to Pearl Diner for your breakfast. A special thanks to Marshall and Martin who were
bubble_50	Now that I'm planning another trip to NYC, it dawned on me belatedly that I had forgotten to write a review about my last stay, which was from last May 21 to June 5.  My repeated returns to Q & A testify to my satisfaction with the hotel, its employees, and its surroundings.   Because I was a returning guest, I got the "friends with benefits" upgrade to a larger room, which was pretty fantastic 1-room bedroom with 2 full baths. We were on the 6th floor, away from the elevator, so the room was quiet (I had a noisy room in front of the elevator last time I stayed). The service, as always, was fast and efficient: I got the extra set of pots and pans that let me cook to my heart's content in the spacious, fully equipped kitchen, and any clogging in the bathrooms was taken care of
bubble_50	I tried this place for the first time last week in NY and got upgraded from a studio to a 2 bdr 2 bath and had the nicest stay! The service was great, the room was beautiful and huge and I didn't want to leave! Definitely coming back here.
bubble_50	We were in town for a family wedding, originally just husband and I, but then additional family members needed a place to stay.  My reservation was for a studio apartment which we were going to try and make work with our group, but the staff were so accommodating and found a space that worked for us, despite being sold out.  The service coupled with the accommodations- which were really amazing...spacious, clean and welcoming, make this hotel a true gem.  We will absolutely be back.
bubble_50	Superb experience, room was spacious, clean with a great decor. And there is even a kitchen in the room. Axel, General Manager was very helpful and service was great. You won't find better price to value
bubble_50	Can't  ask for anything more from a hotel.  Staff where excellent rooms were clean and the biggest weve stayed in in New York we have allready booked for next year . The hotel is from third floor to the sixth which we prefer not being in the clouds . Perfect location wall street metro station right across the street and others well within walking distance which will get you anywhere  . Out the way of hussle bussle of times square tourist trap the financial district still has great bars and restaurants
bubble_50	Spacious and excellently located this was a great value option for my family. OK the view is a brick wall, but the living quarters are spacious, stylish and with fantastic amenities. Usually staying in Soho or Midtown, Downtown is definitely a great option I will consider again.
bubble_50	I wouldn't necessarily have chosen to stay in the Financial District, but I was attending a wedding nearby, and needed something close.   The Q&A hotel wasn't the cheapest option, but I have no regrets:  the apartment was huge, and the service was brilliant, both before and during my stay, with incredibly friendly and helpful staff going out of their way for me to assist and answer queries, however daft.   The hotel is also incredibly well located, close to all amenities, and subway stations, so it is easy to travel to other parts of the city.  Having a full kitchen, and grocery store in the basement, was brilliant for enabling me to be flexible and live as I wanted to.  The coffee shop in the lobby is expensive but really nice for sitting and watching the world go by.
bubble_50	Great location, roomy, and great service.  We stayed 6 nights and loved the location, restaurants in the area as well as sights to see in the neighborhood.  Also, very convenient to public transportation.
bubble_50	First impressions when walking into the hotel? Wow. First impressions when walking into the room? Wow. This pretty sums up this hotel.    The rooms are huge. The rooms are clean (as are all public spaces). The room is quiet. No hallway noise or road noise. The area is safe. The hotel staff are very friendly. Water pressure is great in the shower (and warm). Rooms are very modern. AirCon (AC) is good and not too loud when turning on/off. Bed, pillows and sheets are of high quality. Loved the towels in the bathroom.  There are plenty of places to eat within 2 to 3 blocks.  Some aren't open on weekends, so be aware of this.  Location is fantastic for being downtown.  Close to a ton of stuff to do and the South Street Seaport TKTS (Note, buy here and avoid the crowds at the Times
bubble_50	This Hotel is one of the BEST KEPT SECRETS for the average chain-traveller; and the GREATEST FIND for me, who usually stays uptown. I landed a special promo deal; but even at the normal rates, this Hotel delivers what the majority of Manhattan Hotel rooms (in this price range and above) don't even come close to. You walk into a wide, open entry that allows you to enter the room without banging luggage into walls or bumping into a closet door, etc... The bathroom is roomy with plenty of space to move around and beautiful large mirrored vanities that will hold ALL of your toiletries (and your families) without having to set them on a counter or other inconvenient places. The towels and linens are sumptuous and thirsty (you don't feel like you're trying to dry off with cheap, thin
bubble_50	This was the nicest hotel room that I've stayed in!  I had lower expectations from prior stays in NYC at other hotels, but we were pleasantly surprised to see that the 5-star reviews were accurate! I highly recommend to anyone traveling to the city. Room was very clean, spacious, and had nice decor. The neighborhood outside the hotel is rather clean, and the subway is close by. I'd go back again next time we visit NYC :)
bubble_50	We had a 7-night stay in newly completed apartments near Wall St financial district.  The rooms are very spacious and well appointed.  The apartment had plenty of room for an extended stay with a full kitchen and separate meals area.
bubble_40	Title says it all really. On check out, I was approached too many times to check out, from door knocks to phone calls etc, it really stressed me out and it wasn't pleasant in particular because this was a hotel that my company had a corporate rate with so thought they would be more understanding. On check in, they gave me the wrong room and I walked into someone else's room at 6am after a 20 hr flight. I laughed it off at the time. Just frustrated me that I was so understanding and I didn't get that treatment in return. Otherwise a good stay.
bubble_50	Lots of small things add up to the best imaginable hotel stay. I read some reviews which said there is no bellman but all it took was a phone call to the hotel to have someone outside kindly waiting to help me with my luggage. Everyone was so kind from the very beginning making me feel like I wasn't asking for too much. The most friendly and helpful receptionist ever, so lovely and definitely a great first impression of the hotel. Couldn't have been more sweet, giving me directions to a function I was attending along with a helpful map, ensuring I knew exactly where to park and making it a smooth check in process. If nothing else had gone right with hotel Alex ensured I would have left with a good impression. Fortunately everything about the hotel was exceptional, and I don't
bubble_50	This was such a beautiful and spacious hotel. The service was great. The location was great. We ate at Industry Kitchen which is on the water just a few blocks up the road, spent the sunny afternoon at South Street Seaport and took a sailboat right from Battery Park..all of which were an easy walk  from the hotel. It was a great little weekend get away. I highly recommend this hotel
bubble_50	Wonderful hotel , great location, near the ferries. Check in was perfect , the 2 young men were both gracious and hospitable. Alex brought chocolates to our room, helping us celebrate our time there, such a warm touch. The studio is perfect for 2 people, loved the furnishings. But, I did find the bed hard, pillow top on mattress would be perfect.  Thanks again for making our weekend terrific
bubble_50	My husband and I travel often and while we hope for excellent quality and service we are often disappointed with what we get.  Q&A Residential Hotel is one of those experiences where you go "seriously? This is amazing!!"    The rooms are amazingly large by any standard but especially surprising based on space restrictions in NYC.  The location was perfect...close to food, water, biking, shops etc.  The staff truly went beyond to help us and make us comfortable.  If you are looking for luxury but not pay NYC prices, this hotel is the answer.  I can't say enough...thank you Q&A!!!
bubble_50	Great Stay!!  Great rooms with everything you need, good service, clean, well located in the heart of the Financial District. Recommend this hotel to everyone.  Unfortunately there is not a really concierge service as in normal hotels, but it was ok.
bubble_50	For those who assume an NYC stay is impersonal, change your mind at Q&A. The manager Juan, personally went to the room (a courtesy upgrade, subject to occupancy) to ensure if met every quality standard needed before sign off. Jehu completed the checkin and was personable and informative. Products are L'Occitane and the room was more a large apartment, incredibly well appointed. At check out Danilo and Chanelle were there to solicit feedback taking every utterance into consideration. Definitely coming back. This place gets 5 Stars from me.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed at the Q&A for the first time and we will most definitely be back. We typically get AirBnB rentals in NYC. This hotel was beautiful, clean and centrally located in the financial district. The staff was super-especially Alex and Chanelle at the front desk, they made USA feel right at home. The rooms are enormous. I cannot say enough how rare this is in Manhattan. A bedroom, full kitchen, and TWO full baths! We will be back this time with the whole family. If you don't mind walking or cabbing to popular destinations, stay here for comfort and a value.
bubble_50	We love this hotel because of.. well everything! From the service of the staff to the giant rooms and everything in between, it's an amazing experience every time. A special thanks to Marshall who really goes the extra mile as well as Chanelle and Alex.  They rock.. and we'll be back!
bubble_30	The hotel is a section of a much bigger residential and office building - this makes it feel a lot less like a traditional hotel and more like an apartment building.  I am not giving it 4 stars for several reasons: - Very noisy - we spent one night facing Cedar St. and it was unbelievably noisy from about 3:30AM onward - high revving engine for 20 minutes, banging, etc. (construction at street level). We moved to face Pine St. and it was good for one night, but bad for the other nights. - Maintenance of the rooms is sub-par. TV not working (fixed next day), things like hooks falling apart in the bathroom, etc. Some bulbs need to be replaced. - Only one car can pass on the street where the entrance of the hotel at a time, so one can't stop for too long there. I dropped the
bubble_40	I traveled with my husband and my teenage daughter to new York and stayed here for a week recently. Don't get me wrong, this is an excellent place to stay and I would definitely recommend it, however please  let me vent my initial "frustration" prior to arriving  over my experience with the sleeping arrangements at this hotel.   I chose the option for three people to stay in an executive studio suite and I paid in advance through Expedia  for  "three" people to stay in an executive studio suite as Expedia  stated that roll away beds were available for extra guests in these types of apartments as they only have one king size bed.  I contacted the hotel straight  after I booked the room to confirm my booking with them and check that there would be a roll out bed in place.
bubble_50	Nothing but positive  things to say. A huge room complete with fully fitted kitchen, and an excellent bathroom suite. The staff where always polite and if they said they would do something they did it. Location was great too. The subway opposite was very convenient. We will return!
bubble_40	My partner and I spent 12 nights in early August in a deluxe studio. Very spacious and great kitchen facilities. We made ourselves breakfast each morning but as an Aussie I had to get coffees from the Black Fox cafe in the lobby each morning. A really good brew for the US who seem to still rate Starbucks- go figure .  On the downside we had to remind them to make our bed on a couple of days and even the weekly change of linen didn't happen automatically. And the AC is a big unit behind the bed which can be noisy for light sleepers.   A good surprise was being able to call Australia free from the phone in the room (my old mum doesn't do What's app or Viber!). A great location too. The subway across the road is closed on weekends but a short walk up to Broadway gets you to Wall
bubble_50	After an unforgettable three-week stay at the Q&A hotel, I can only think of when I will come back to this amazing and uniquely located hotel. The Q&A is a rare gem which boasts the historical and architectural finesse of the 70 Pine Street building along with the modern confort of its extremely spacious apartments. Couldn't recommend more.
bubble_50	My partner and I stayed here for 5 nights visiting from the UK to celebrate St Patrick's day.  Having done a lot of searching for accommodation for the trip I was really worried about the amount of space you usually get for the amount of money paid in Manhattan but as soon as I found Q&A it was a done deal.  The location was absolutely perfect for us right in the middle of Wall St (and of course plenty of Irish pubs - make sure to take a trip to Ryan Maguire's if your in the area) and exactly opposite a subway station which only took 20-25mins to get to Times Square area. Plenty of eateries and Irish pubs within walking distance to enjoy!  The hotel room itself was outstanding - loads of space (walk-in closet and kitchenette), gleaming bathroom, very comfortable bed and great
bubble_50	You get what you pay for! The rooms are spacious, clean and modern. I suggest to sign up for their rewards program, They upgrade your room for no extra charge if available, AND you get a late checkout! I've stayed in many hotels in the city and this is by far my favorite experience. The financial district is close enough to the clubs and party scene but it's far enough that the streets around are calm and quiet and not in the midst of the commotion. Also the staff is incredibly kind and goes above and beyond to meet requests and make sure you're happy. LOVE YOU Q AND A!
bubble_50	We were there just over the past long weekend we spent three days in New York and first time living in south side of the New York close to the financial district.  We were surprised the one bedroom unit was huge and all kitchen stuffs in full equipped.  The staffs are so friendly, especially Chanelle. We had a wonderful stayed in New York for Q&A, we will definitely back next time in New York again.  But I want to suggest the hotel should have a valet parking for the clients especially the family with young kids like me.
bubble_50	Stayed here for my dads 70th Birthday. We had three apartments. The staff were great and put us next to each other. Reception and door staff were very helpful and welcoming. Apartments are lovely and big and lots of room. Managed to have six people in for breakfast. Everything you needed was in the apartment.
bubble_40	We stayed 3 weeks in total. The days weren't always consecutive so we checked in and out numerous times, which meant we had several different apartments. The apartments with handicap accessible bedrooms & bathrooms are bigger than the standard. (Much bigger!) The two bedroom apartments have a washer and dryer, or there machines on the 6th floor. This is a no frills hotel, no room service, no stocked mini bar, no doorman to carry your luggage and no valet parking. However there is a great coffee house in the building. And you can always order take out. The front desk staff tries to be accommodating and the housekeeping and maintenance crews are great. A few things: it's location is all the way downtown so you are a long walk, or subway ride or taxi from most spot in Manhattan.
bubble_50	An awesome modern apartment, in a great location away from the hustle and bustle of Midtown. Beautifully furnished and the bedding....wow!!! Great location with close by restaurants, shopping and the 9/11 Memorial Museum. Easy access to the subway and Battery park.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel for a birthday weekend for my daughter and her friend and we had a wonderful stay.  Danilo, Alex, Jehu and all of the staff were so kind and helpful and gave us great recommendations for area restaurants and activities.  They truly went out of their way to make sure that our visit was very special.  The suite was large, comfortable and exceeded our expectations.  There is subway station right across the street and a grocery store, City Acres, in the basement of the building.  We will definitely be returning to Q&A the next time that we visit NYC.
bubble_50	I enjoyed a month long stay at this beautiful building in the Spring.  It was a great experience, due to the friendliness and professionalism of the staff, and for their flexibility (changed room for me without a problem and extended my stay).  I have nothing but good things to say about my room, the services, the hotel overall, and the staff.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel for the weekend at the last minute and based my decision on some of the reviews I read. Much to my surprise the hotel was well beyond my expectations.  Since it was the weekend and in the financial district of New York City the area is very quiet as compared to the weekdays.  The location is central to everything from great bars and restaurants as well as great attractions like The Oculus, South Street Seaport and The Brooklyn Bridge as well as Chinatown and Little Italy.   The rooms or perhaps more apropos the apartments are very nicely appointed with modern minimalistic accommodations a well appointed kitchen with full size built in refrigerators, microwaves, coffee machines and dishwashers and a nice and comfortable bathroom.  The rooms are large enough to
bubble_50	This hotel was amazing! We loved the location and the size of the room was amazing.  We had a full kitchen which we used quite a bit.  The windows in the room are huge and the decor is very modern with clean lines.  The lobby of the hotel was stunning and the detail of this pre-war building has been maintained.  The subway station is across the street and there is so much to do in this area.
bubble_50	Prior to arrival based on other reviews we requested a top floor (6th floor) room and a bed be made up for my son. We had a late check in at 9pm which we had informed the staff about. Unfortunately the extra bed was not set up on arrival but a call to reception resolved the issue quickly.   We were given a room on the 6th floor (615) which was well equipped -kitchen with oven, microwave, kettle, coffee maker, fridge/ freezer, etc; bathroom with full size bath, shower over bath & L'occitaine products, dining and siting room area comfortable for 3. Clean and spacious.   The hotel location is ideal for a quieter stay but still within walking distance of subways which will take you uptown to all the action.  Staff were happy to help with directions and kept our luggage safely stored
bubble_50	We stayed for 2 nights at a standard studio. This hotel is also a luxury apartment residence, so you're basically staying in an apartment. The lobby entrance is a bit confusing, but the doorman will gladly direct you to the hotel check-in area. Check-in was very smooth and staff was friendly and cordial. The room/apt was huge for NYC hotel standards. My room, had a straight, long hallway as you enter. The bathroom was large with tons of space for toiletries behind mirrored cabinets. There was a huge closet on the right and the kitchen next to it. Kitchen was a full service kitchen, with plenty of silverware, cups, dinnerware, pots pans, utensils, knife block, dishwasher, full stove with flat cook top and oven, microwave, full fridge. The living area had a small sofa, desk area
bubble_50	Thank you Marshall for helping us get checked in and giving us tips for navigating the city. Such a wonderful greeting for our first trip to NYC. I loved everything about this place. It felt as though we actually lived in the city instead of just being a guest at a hotel. We visited a few areas of NYC and decided we were thrilled with our decision to stay in the financial district. The room was very clean and well done. The bed and pillows were comfy. We will be back!
bubble_50	My wife and I live on the Upper West Side, but we spent 9 weeks at the Q&A Hotel during necessary renovations on our apartment. We chose the hotel because our dog could stay with us, and because it has an ADA suite (my wife uses a power wheelchair).  The hotel is located at 70 Pine Street, an 84 year old Art Deco skyscraper that has been lovingly and painstakingly renovated. As it is a prewar building, the rooms and suites are extremely quiet. You will have great privacy here. Decorated with modern touches, the accommodations are more spacious than many Manhattan apartments. The fully equipped kitchens are well supplied and the closet space is more than ample. The hotel staff (especially Juan B., Juan C., Shanelle, Hanh, J.P., Danilo, Marshall and Martin) treated us and our
bubble_50	We met friends in NYC for a long weekend and stayed at Q&A. The apartment was self contained with lovely kitchenette. Location wise, it was within walking distance of the 9/11 memorial and easy to navigate the city via public transport or cab. The apartment decor was modern, clean and very enjoyable to stay. The front desk are helpful and friendly. The hotel is part of a residential complex on the upper floors where our friends were staying. A coffee shop on the ground floor was convenient. There is a Duane Reade supermarket five minutes walk so very pleased with our stay.
bubble_40	Average wouldn't be fair and the next option up is Very Good but my rating would actually be GOOD. It's an absolutely great location for me as when I visit NY I don't rent a car, I prefer to use the subway... and this hotel is located right across the street from the subway. So that's PERFECT and it's 15 mins to Manhattan (34th/Times Square). The building is beautiful and the rooms are nice and clean. Not good enough service from a cleaning perspective as we went out all day and came back to a room that was not cleaned and we had to call to get our room cleaned. The person we'd spoken to didn't apologize and said we should've called. I've never ever stayed at a hotel and had to call for the cleaning service. Never. Also requested late check-out which was agreed with staff in
bubble_50	The rooms very very tastefully decorated with plenty of room and a kitchen. The staff members were incredibly hospitable and very helpful.  I especially liked the Downtown location, very close to all the major landmarks in the financial district.
bubble_50	We had a studio. Good sized room, full sized kitchen, king bed and large bathroom. Right  across the street from the subway and walking distance to Battery Park and 911 Memorial. The staff was great as well. Very clean. Complementary coffee in the morning in the lounge as well as a small business center.
bubble_50	We booked for three weeks, so we needed living space. This residential hotel is located in a brilliantly refurbished Art Deco building in the Financial sector of NYC. The details are transcendent. The location is perfect for tourists: across the road from the Wall St Subway Station; close to South Ferry Terminal; near to 9/11 site and monument; the Occulus; the foreshore; the terminal for open bus tours; the Bull statue; Eataly; dozens of Delies and coffee shops; Banks; bottle shops; and C21 shopping destination.  This hotel offers apartments, which is a sensible options for a longer stay in NYC. We chose a one bedroom apartment with fully furbished kitchen with dining area, lounge area, bathroom, study and walk in dressing room.   The decor was stylish in greys and whites with
bubble_50	Found this hotel through Tripadvisor, and the reviews were accurate. This is a great spot in an old art deco building, close to Wall Street. The rooms were spacious and well appointed. Huge, really, by NYC standards. We had a problem with a room not being ready, but the staff was extremely accommodating and remedied the problem. Excellent customer service. Walking distance to Wall Street, South St Seaport, and subway stations. We will return. Highly recommend.
bubble_30	Ive been coming to NYC every year for the last 6 years, and by now I know the city quite well. I usually stay in the upper west side, but this year my favorite hotel was fully booked and I looked for another place to stay. I wanted a quiet room, preferably with a kitchenette, that would be reasonably priced. I decided to book the Q&A hotel, even though its a compromise when it comes to location, because of the raving reviews, and because the hotel seemed to offer everything I wantedthe financial district is quiet at night; the nightly rates were reasonable, and the room seemed to have everything I was looking for including a kitchenette. I reserved the room 3 weeks in advance. When making the reservation, I asked for a quiet room, and was notified that it was not a
bubble_50	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel after my fiance booked this based on a recommendation. The apartment was a great size with comfortable bed and kitchen for cooking. The staff are friendly and very helpful if you need anything. The Wall Street subway station is across the street and most other train lines are accessible via stations that are 5-10 min walk. Plenty of shops, grocery stores and and places to eat nearby. Easy access to many attractions and places to visit. I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone! We'll definitely we staying here again on our next visit to NYC.
bubble_50	At first, I was really hesitant to write this review because I selfishly did not want word to get out about how awesome this hotel is. Price, comfort, location. space, amenities; check, check, check, double checks on everything. The room was modern and brand new. The space was tremendous, considering it's New York in the heart of Wall St. Really felt like we had our own NY apartment. The subway is across the street with Walgreens and a Chase bank within one block. 10 min walk to 9/11 memorial, the bull, and mall. 15 min train ride and you're in upper Manhattan. I will be definitely returning here on my next NY trip.
bubble_50	Stayed for two weeks with my husband and 2 year old daughter. What a beautiful place. We loved it. The building is an 1930s skyscaper and they have retained the lobby in it's original glory. Just loved the art deco features. The building is partly residential and 3 floors of hotel.   The staff are friendly and helpful. They were so quick to answer any questions I had via email before we got there and once there if we had any issues - eg. Broken light - we called and within minutes someone was there to fix it. The TV is a little tricky too - just call them they are more than willing to help you. Lovely.  The rooms l# ook just like the photos on the website and are very spacious. King size comfy bed, full kitchen and large fridge and a bathroom with a bath. We stayed in an
bubble_50	The suite was amazing - extremely spacious and very well equipped. The attention to detail was excellent in every way. Staff members were friendly and extremely helpful. We wished we were staying more than 3 nights - this was probably the best city hotel experience we have ever had. Location of hotel is very good with easy Metro access, close to waterfront , 911 memorial etc.
bubble_50	Have stayed twice and would stay again.  Very spacious, clean, well appointed apartments  with fully equipped kitchens.  Extra friendly staff that make you feel welcome and appreciated.  Juan at the front desk was particularly attentive to our needs.  Great location in lower Manhattan.  Close to subway and many attractions.
bubble_50	The Q&A Residential Hotel is a true gem in the heart of lower Manhattan.  The check-in process was quick and easy, and the front desk staff very courteous. Our room was clean, modern, and very spacious! The bed was comfortable, with nice linens.  Although we only stayed one night, the room is set up for extended stays and comes equipped with a range, dishwasher, fridge/freezer, pots/pans, and dishware. Everything was clean and well organized.  Overall I would highly recommend the Q&A as it is well located, well priced, and well maintained.
bubble_40	Really enjoyed this hotel. The location was good, right next to Wall Street and coffee place in the lobby was great.   Our room was very large, modern and trendy. Cleaning could have been a bit better (floor wasn't vacuumed daily so was dirty) and they didn't always replace complementary items (eg shower gel, lotion and soap etc). Ok if you're staying for a few days, but a little annoying if you are staying for 10 nights like us.  But, overall I'd highly recommend this hotel and I would stay here again! The size of the room and kitchen facilities were the best thing about the hotel!
bubble_50	We booked this apartment without knowing the area well. We were happy to find that it was really safe  and easily accessible by train to uptown as the station is directly across the street. The apartment is huge too, it had a large sitting area at the entrance to our studio and which could have easily be utilised into another sleeping area it was that big! Certainly huge in size by NY standards. There is limited places to eat around there at night, but the Pearl Diner was nearby and cheap. We also had delivery as well and that was easy to organise. There is no longer any breakfast snacks offered in the mornings as previously advertised when we booked the apartment but it didn't really bother us as we were able to buy in breakfast cereals and fruit to have as there were full
bubble_50	Wow is all I can say: this hotel is incredible. It's literally steps away from the subway (2 3 line) which takes you practically anywhere and the location was convenient, safe, quiet, and wonderful. The hotel was beautiful and clean. The staff were very helpful and responsive to any questions or concerns we had. They went above and beyond for our family and recommended wonderful restaurants for us to go to, which were our favourites during the trip. The room was spacious and big, comfortable, very quiet, and clean. The full kitchen is stocked with practically anything you'd need. I cannot recommend this hotel enough; we have no negative aspects.   We had a fantastic stay during the week were in NYC. We fell in love with the area (goodbye crazy midtown crowds!) and the hotel.
bubble_40	I would rate this hotel as 4.5 stars.  My family recently completed a 3 week stay at this hotel.  The staff for the most part was extremely nice and helpful.  Any item of need or problem was quickly addressed.  The hotel was extremely clean and well maintained.  The rooms are large and have wonderful layouts.  Having a second bathroom was a great luxury!  One suggestion is to improve the window treatments.  The rooms have high end appliances, flooring, countertops, etc.  However, the mini blinds are extremely cheap and do not keep light out in the bedrooms.  Upgraded blinds and/or room darkening curtains would really improve the rooms.  The other issue was the refuse.  The compactor chute on our floor was locked during most of our stay, causing the refuse room to fill with
bubble_50	Stayed Easter Sunday the room is fantastic.  Clean, fully supplied with whatever you could need.  You could have a dinner party for 4 and prepare it yourself everything you need is there.  Pleanty of towels, comfortable bed, robes.  Nice bathroom.  The owl statue in the bathroom was alitte creeepy though!!!!  Would love to stay for a prolonged period of time.  Love downtown!!!!
bubble_50	The location for downtown attractions is so convenient, beautiful, historical Art Deco building with stunning marble and original features. Didn't find the check in lady to be neither friendly or helpful. Would've been nice had she told us about their app. Found out information through reading past reviews on TA. Found other staff members to be very pleasant. Studio was stunning, amazing space, all modern, very clean, great design and decor, huge comfortable bed, bath over shower with L'occitane toiletries. Ear plugs are advisable, slept really well. Uptown would be far noisier.  Handy to have laundry facilities and a plethora of restaurants, cafes, grocery stores, take outs, Wall Street subway all on your doorstop. As well as easy distance to other subway stations.  We stayed
bubble_50	NYC is notorious for tiny rooms, so we were blown away at the size and value of our accommodations. Everything was clean and neat, it room had a very modern look, we even had a walk in closet and kitchen, what an unexpected surprise!  No giant hotel lobby or in-hotel restaurant bit it was just what we were looking for, a really great place to stay in NY.  Fantastic location too, right near Wall st.  Will stay here again...
bubble_50	Stayed here for over a week. Perfect location downtown close to transport and amenities. The staff were extremely helpful and went above and beyond when I had lost left cellphone and travel documents in a cab. Which they successfully located and had returned to me. Highly recommmend.
bubble_50	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. The staff were  extremely helpful . The accommodations were beautifully decorated ,very quiet and comfortable. The location is perfect to walk to lots of places or jump on the subway opposite the hotel, to travel further afield. The food and coffee at the cafe on site is exceptionally good and you can order ahead using the ritual app and it will be ready for you. Many locals use this trendy cafe. Definitely would recommend this little gem of a hotel. And we will  definitely  return.
bubble_50	I first stayed here for 11 nights in February and was wowed from the start.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else, if I can help it!  This place is perfect for any type of traveller.   The studios are well appointed, with all the practical details well thought out. I loved having a full kitchen during my stay. Very easy walking distance to Whole Foods in Tribeca, so stocking the kitchen is easy.   The bed is incredibly comfortable and the room is well ventilated.   It's NYC, so expect some noise from the streets, but nothing enough to disturb my sleep.   Water pressure in the shower is really good and bathroom amenities are L'Occitane.   I'd love a Nespresso in the room. However, there is a terrific Australian cafe in the lobby, Black Fox, that serves the best flat white coffee and
bubble_50	The Q&A Residential Hotel located in the heart of NY is perfect for corporate travel! The suites are perfect for anyone headed to the city for business. In addition to the location, beautiful rooms and amenities including a full-service fitness center the customer service provided exceeded all my expectations. Marshall whom I met me at reception kindly informed me that my office had not in fact booked my stay for that night but in error my reservation was for the following night. While I stood horrified at the idea of trying to find another hotel that would be able to accommodate me, Marshall went straight to work. Within minutes he could locate an available room. I also had the pleasure of meeting the Hotel Manager Axel who kindly stored my luggage until the room was ready
bubble_50	Executive studio with den and full kitchen was perfect for traveling with an infant. Baby slept in the darkened alcove while we relaxed in the main part of the room. Our whole family enjoyed this comfortable, extremely spacious and well-appointed space at the end of a busy day in the city. Located in a beautiful art deco skyscraper.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 8 nights in February and absolutely loved the place. We didn't arrive until midnight, exhausted from a long journey with tempers a little frayed (thanks to not so speedy speedy shuttle that took more than 2 hours to get us to the hotel - took him 1 hour to leave the airport - suggest you get a cab - more expensive but worth it) however, the staff were wonderful, helpful and welcoming and picked up our spirits. We were very impressed with the size of our apartment, with a massive bed, excellent kitchen facilities and spotlessly clean. We had a couple of issues with wifi, a light not working and the cable TV that had crashed and they were all seen to and rectified very quickly. We were on the 6th floor and there is no view but that is fine and wasn't necessarily
bubble_50	Stayed in an executive studio in Q&A in April '17. For self catering accommodation it is really well appointed but as with most holidays we generally ate out as there was a wide variety of establishments on our doorstep. Great TV and intermittent WiFi!!! It's  a great base for exploring downtown and with the Wall Street subway station directly across the street we could be anywhere in Manhattan in 25-30 minutes. Local attractions include Brooklyn Bridge,  World Trade Centre,  9/11 Memorial, Battery Park and tourist ferries, Century21 discount shopping and TJ Maxx. Irish bars with good food include Jim Brady's, the Full Shilling (great burger) are nearby. The Bailey is just across the street. If eating in there are grocery stores within 100 yards and a good takeaway pizza joint ,
bubble_40	Had heard about this hotel from a friend who had earlier visited New York. I booked this hotel online and the process was simple. We were six people traveling. The rooms were very nice and the decor of the place was very trendy and stylish. Food was good. The staff and service were good too. Location of the Hotel is very awesome with easy subway access and everything you need on a trip nearby.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Q&A at the end of March and really enjoyed our stay. Lovely spacious apartment in a great location and just across the road from the subway so very handy for getting around. Would recommend these apartments to anyone .
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week in March , initially booked as in lower Manhattan and seemed to get more for your dollar as just off Wall Street. What a great choice it was. The hotel is beautiful with lots of original features , marble floors,the lovely original lifts (elevators) We had a deluxe suite , which was brilliant . There was coffee/tea making facilities, wifi, full kitchen (never used it , lol )a  great shower and a bath to soak tired legs . Really clean and fresh and loads of space. The room was serviced every day . The hotel is really quiet felt like we could have been on our own. The staff were very welcoming and helpful answering all our questions and there were a few . The subway was literally across the road . So travelling about was a doddle. About 5 mins to upper
bubble_50	Just stayed for 2 days and had a wonderful time. Staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating. Our room had everything that we could have possibly needed and more. It was very spacious for a room in New York with full size appliances and large tv that included Netflix and cable. Staff was friendly and informative, always ready to help find you the right tickets or tour for different sites. They helped me figure out the subway more than once. Our room was always freshly cleaned and stocked. The location was perfect. Would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.
bubble_50	We had an amazing stay at Q&A. All staff members were very kind to us.   -	hotel room spacious and clean -	fully equipped kitchen -	according to my wife, there was a very good gym to work-out -	great location in the Financial District with a subway station in front of the building, there is a grocery store and some nice restaurants nearby, a few blocks away from 9/11 Memorial).   -	very good price comparing to other options in NYC  There was a little bit of noise at night and early in the morning, but an ear plug solved this issue. For us, it was not a big problem.  I would definitely stay there again in my next trip to NYC.
bubble_50	This hotel was breathtakingly beautiful. The rooms look just as gorgeous as the pictures on their website. The staff was so friendly and accommodating. The hotel is within walking distance to many great restaurants and shops. The Bose speaker in the room was an amazing way to add some great sounding music to the room and the overall feel of the room. From check-in to check-out my experience was a 10 out of 10. Cant wait to visit again!
bubble_50	The building is amazing - art-deco building with marble finishes, rooms are spacious with great modern design and bose audio (not common in NYC) and front desk is very helpful. Definitely I will visit Q&A and 70 Pine again!
bubble_50	The Q&A Residential Hotel is everything the website claims it is and more!!  Its spacious rooms, attentive and friendly staff and prime location make this hotel the ideal base from which to explore New York!  My mother and I spent a wonderful week based at the Q&A exploring everything NYC has to offer and loved returning "home" every evening to the comfort of our studio apartment. The room had a fully equipped kitchen, a wonderfully comfortable bed and all other mod-cons expected from a property of this caliber. The subway station across the road was perfect for reaching every part of NYC conveniently and easily. Housekeeping could provide a more regular supply of toiletries but when asked for, they were promptly delivered.  In short, I cannot wait to return to this wonderfully
bubble_50	I absolutely loved this hotel!  Set in the heart of the financial district, it is a quick walk to all of the points of interest in this area.  The lobby alone is amazing with it's warm orange marble welcoming you inside.  At the check-in, the staff is friendly, knowledgeable and ready to help.  When I opened the door to my room, I was stunned.  If anyone is familiar with a majority of NYC hotel rooms, I was expecting a room that was not much bigger than my bed.  This was NOT the case here!  Not only did I have a king-size bed with 4 feet of space on the sides, there was a large desk are, a living area, a full kitchen area, hallway, large closet area, staging area, and a full bathroom with plenty of space to move around.  The decor was very nicely done with touches of whimsy such
bubble_50	Our recent visit to the Q&A for a long weekend was excellent. The hotel is clean, quiet and very well-appointed. The room was huge by NYC standards and includes a full kitchen which made morning coffee and egg sandwiches possible, as well as a glass of wine before bed. The location is excellent with easy access to the subway and a short walk to all of the Financial district spots. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	I travel to NYC frequently for business. In addition, I lived in Manhattan for a couple of years.  I've stayed all over the City and the Q&A is my new favorite.   First of all, the room is beautiful and enormous by NYC standards. It's clean and has a fully equipped kitchen. While I don't even cook at home, it is nice to have a frig and the ability to whip up a quick breakfast before meetings (There is a small grocer at the corner of Pine Street where you can get anything you need).  If you are doing business in the Financial District, you couldn't ask for a better location.  You are literally across the street from DB.  Also, there are several subway stops that are an easy walk (Rector, Wall Street, WTC).    For the tourist, it is perfect. Not only do you have a large space, you
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I stayed overnight and was amazed at how big the suite was. It was like a giant studio. My only con is that we can easily hear other people outside of the hallway but overall we had a great stay. I would come back only for the suite.
bubble_40	We loved our stay here as was looking for something larger than your average hotel room in NYC. Great gym which plenty of equipment. bear in mind these are serviced apartments rather than a hotel with all the usual amenities.  We stayed in the executive room and couldn't have been happier with the room. The only downside was the drainage from the shower was very slow.  Good location for downtown/lower manhatten.  Financial district is obviously busier in the week with the hustle and bustle of all the workers.  Cabs to time sq around $15-20  Overall great stay and would recommend the hotel.
bubble_50	From the moment of arrival the staff immediately make you feel at home, I had asked for an early check in and arrived at the Hotel around 1pm, the room was ready and I was able to check in. The room itself was enormous for New York, plenty of room for me and my Girlfriend. The bed is possibly the biggest an comfiest I've ever stayed in, the kitchen was very well equipped and our used cups and glasses were put in the washing machine and clean for our return after a long day. The walk in wardrobe and large mirrors were a hit with Sophie! The room was clean, quiet comfy and a great base for a romantic weekend in New York. The location was great only a 1 minute walk to Wall Street Station and 5 minutes to Fulton Street. We would highly recommend the Bar The Bailey at the end Pine
bubble_50	Fantastic location near Wall Street so loads of very good bars, restaurants and cafes as the Bankers are there everyday and the business's need to attract regulars. As for accommodation first rate. Contemporary and classy. Just the two of us so we had a studio - great size - great kitchen and bathroom which was impeccably clean . Just across road from Subway but easy walk to Staton Island Ferry, Brooklyn Bridge and 9/11 Memorial. Slightly longer but fine walk to China Town and Little Italy. Short subway ride to the tac of Times Square.  Really cannot fault anything !
bubble_50	This was a family trip. The room we had was large and had a terrific little kitchen. The decor was cool and unusual. Great location for downtown activities. Across the street from a subway station. Fairly quiet at night. The odd gaps - the card reader in the elevator was broken, so we had to get someone from the desk to activate it each time we went up. There is a coffee shop in the building, but it was closed in the mornings (!). However, there are good places within an easy walk, so that was OK.
bubble_50	Hotel Overview - a) Room - Fantastic (exactly like website photos), b) Staff - Very Friendly and Helpful, c) Location - Right next to subway at wall street so easy to get around, d) Amenities - Fantastic fitness centre. Ticks all the boxes - Highly Recommended!!!!!!!!!
bubble_50	The room.... the location.... the staff...ALL really GREAT! I recommend checking it out if you want to stay in the financial district. The Subway is near by; grocery stores are walking distance; and many other amenities are close. We will definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	This place is an amazing find in NYC. We got the one bedroom with two bathrooms and it was huge by any standard, let alone NYC. It has modern decor, ours had an aviation theme, with full kitchen and a study area should it be needed. The staff are great. There is no view (looks across street into office building) as the hotel is in the lower floors of a building, but this was not an issue for us. It is in a quieter (and really interesting) part of Manhattan, and there is a subway station right across the street so the rest of it is very accessible. During an extended stay it was so nice to be able to retreat to our own spaces (bedroom, and living room with the sectional/sleeper sofa) after a long day out in the city, rather than tripping over each other in a small hotel room. I
bubble_50	My husband, 22 year old daughter and I stayed at Q&A residential apartments at New Year for 5 nights. Situated on Pine St in the financial district, a short walk to Wall St, 911 Memorial and right across the street from Wall St station. These very modern, extremely clean apartments are fantastic and a great size for a New York hotel. Check in was efficient and welcoming. We were on the 3rd floor where they also serve coffee and pastries for breakfast. As we had our daughter with us, we asked for an extra bed and we were given a very comfortable blow up bed, which stayed up the entire 5 nights :) The kitchen was well equipped with a full sized fridge and microwave and coffee machine. The bathroom was a good size with lots of cupboard space. Spare towels are in the full sized
bubble_50	I love this location. This place is sort of a hidden gem. Located in an apartment building it avoids excessive foot traffic out front but is easily accessible. Staff was very hip but welcoming without the bored condescending attitude you get at some places. Awesome workout space. Rooms are spacious with nice kitchens and excellent TV and Wifi. Highly recommend!
bubble_50	First stay at this gem of a find! Awesome property with excellent staff and amenities. Excellent value for the money. Modern, clean and located right in the financial district. Located near great restaurants and bars.
bubble_50	Since our arrival, we have fallen in love with this hotel. The guys at the reception are incredibly nice and helpful, very efficient too. Thanks for all the advices and help ! We think it's more a hotel for business trips but we were there for a romantic getaway and it was cool as well.  The room is warm (it's appreciable at winter), not very quiet (but come on, you' re in NYC) and extremely nicely decorated -  it's literally your mini flat on Manhattan - with modern kitchen (you can bake cupcakes there! :), huge very comfy bed, TV, all modern equipment, bathroom is clean.  We have stayed in several hotels during our trips in NYC, but this one is definitively number one in the list now :)  Totally recommend it.
bubble_50	Attention to detail, smiles and the best service I have had in a while is what describes Q&A Residential. The hotel is located at the heart of downtown and it's easy to get to anywhere in the city by Subway.   We had to extend our stay due to illness and they kept an upgraded room at no cost, I will definitely come back here on my next trip to NYC and you should too!   Also, the gym is probably the best hotel gym ever, better than many chains out there!
bubble_50	This was an amazing stay! The room was out of this world and the staff was aces.. you get a full apartment which is unheard of in Manhattan! And I should know because I'm from here.. There are too many perks to mention here Kathleen,Anne,Marshal and the night audit team rock! they went above and beyond the call of duty.. 10 stars!
bubble_40	After 4 weeks traveling across Nth America the room was very welcome to unpack & not feel cramped. The subway entrance was just across the road. We bought a weekly ticket which we used everyday & was very economical. There  is a mini mart just further up the road to buy milk etc. we would pop in on our way home. The coffee shop in the building was great, after struggling to find a good coffee for a while it was immensely enjoyed. We learnt to keep the air con on to help drown the early morning noise of the garbage being collected & the not so happy drivers using their car horns. This place is great if you want to have space & enjoy your own prepared breakfasts. We had planned to have the occasional dinner but only managed this once as we were out each night till at least 10pm.
bubble_50	Due to dietary constraints, we were looking for a self-catering place in Manhattan.  Q&A was by far the most affordable and the apartments were massive and well furnished.  Do not expect much from the breakfast (which to be fair is not really advertised anyway). It takes less than 30 mins to Times Square via the Tube, the entrance of  which is literally opposite the door (on weekdays).  The front staff, especially Anna, were absolutely amazing.   Should we ever return to NYC, there is no doubt we will attempt to book in here again.
bubble_50	A week's stay at Q&A was an absolute treat. My room was luxurious, comfortable, and extremely spacious. I felt like a true New Yorker, just with a larger apartment than most!! Location is fabulous and is literally steps away from the subway. The gym is superb, and the staff helpful and friendly. I heard there is a gorgeous rooftop but need to check that out during my next visit. I've found my NYC favorite. Thank you Q&A.
bubble_50	We had an excellent stay at Q&A. We felt very welcomed upon check-in (at a very late hour) and loved the residential feel. It was quiet, extremely spacious, and the high ceilings are amazing. Look forward to staying again!  The books are a lovely touch, too, and we actually took advantage of them. :)
bubble_50	Just returned from a 6 night stay in a studio apartment. The hotel was everything I had hoped it to be, from being greated by a doorman and walking through the beautiful marbled entrance, to be welcomed by the most friendly and helpful staff, and the joy of just lying on that bed for the first time! The apartment was superbly furnished with everything you could ever need and the bed supremely comfortable, that a good nights sleep could not help be had!   The hotel is ideally located for exploring downtown Manhattan, with the 9/11 memorial museum, 1 World Trade Centre (in my opinion a far better view and more of an experience going to its viewing platform that the Empire State Building...do go at night, the view is spectacular!), the Staten Island Ferry and the entrance on the
bubble_50	From the time i walked in the door looking homeless the staff treared me like i was the president of something. The hotel was different to me because it was an apartment, full kitchen, large clean bathroom and a large soft bed. It reminded us of a time before kids..  The next time we need to get away from the kids but still feel at home Q&A is our first stop.
bubble_50	We live in NJ but we go to New York at least once a month. We have been to many nice hotels in the city, but this one stands out for several reasons:  The size of what they call a room (which is actually a large loft apartment) is ridiculous! Who else in Manhattan has two walk-in closets?! No one! Most apartments are the size of the two walk-in closets together plus their office space.   It's completely renovated, modern and beautifully decorated. The kitchen has everything, including a dishwasher and a toaster. The bed was huge and more comfortable than our own! The bathroom is not huge, but we loved that it was located in  a private area in the apartment.   The location has everything that you might need near your hotel. Restaurants, fast food places, coffee shops (a Starbucks
bubble_50	Had a great stay at the Q&A residential.  The hotel is new, the rooms are in mint condition and the staff is great.    My room was huge, well furnished and very quiet.    The staff was terrific.  Big shout-out to Marshall who handled a bunch of annoying requests from my family with a lot of grace and patience! Customer service was awesome.  Highly recommend for short or long stays.
bubble_50	A regular visitor to NYC, this hotel is incredible, the size of the room is fantastic. The hotel is still in the process of being developed, I'm told later this year we can expect a roof top restaurant. Don't let the location put you off, the metro is right across the street, and the financial district has loads of bars and restaurants.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here in May 2016 and we had such a wonderful experience,  We were kindly upgraded and ended up with a 2 bedroom apartment which was much bigger than we needed.  It is a great location for the metro line and would be perfectly located especially for those working nearby in Wall Street too.  It was an interesting model as the apartment build made it feel as though we were living in NY rather than holidaying which we enjoyed.  We were only in NY for 10 days and I would very much recommend Q&A if you are staying longer too as there are so many amazing amenities which would be great to take advantage of.   The mini breakfast is not amazing but is a welcome bonus and there are many stores nearby and some restaurants too.
bubble_50	I've just returned from an extended 17-night stay at Q & A Hotel for my second stay and again, I have only the best to say about the service, room, and facilities. The great service began even before my visit, with Jason, front desk manager, helping me wade through changes in my reservation. All the others, but especially Marshall, Anna, and Juan, were also consistently helpful and welcoming. When I had some glitches, such as a blocked bathtub drain, the service was amazingly prompt and pleasant.  Because I was a return guest, I was upgraded to a bigger room and received several  additional welcome amenities. The room was spacious and clean, and the full kitchen was a great bonus. I asked for an extra set of pots and pans for my cooking, which I got with no problem. The laundry
bubble_50	Probably not the best location for visiting the city but it is right next to Wall St. subway station and a short walk from Fulton St. so easy to get around from there. The room is very roomy with its own kitchen and a study area. Excellent base to enjoy the city from.
bubble_50	Very friendly staff very clean room was exelent muffins croissant and coffee served until 10 .00am location excellent cannot speak highly enough of this hotel very handy for financial area battery park  and plenty good restaurants in area good underground and bus stops within minutes walk well recommended
bubble_50	From the ArtDeco lobby to the spacious rooms to a sharp, positive desk staff this accommodation IS worth your patronage if you're into NYC.  The entry on Pine Street is deceptive: once inside we were impressed and that was only the lobby.  Room was ready early and the rate for 4 nights was right considering the space.  Usually I remember things that go wrong: this went right. Took advantage of the morning coffee room and response to a few requests.  Wouldn't hesitate to return.  It's a short walk to Battery Park, the Memorial, in the heart of the Financial District.
bubble_50	Loved this place so much. It was my 60 th birthday present from my husband. We booked a deluxe studio which was fab, it was on the 5 th floor 532 overlooking pine St. The hotel is classy and extremely clean. The staff are amazing and are very helpful, Anna -Grace and Marshall were very helpful Thankyou . we only went to reception 4 times so didn't meet everyone. The room was serviced each day and the service/room staff was really lovely and did an amazing job- Thankyou. Muffins & coffee available on 3rd floor which we had each day and took back to our room. Beds comfy and huge. Lots of noise from pine street traffic horns going all the time  but didn't bother us it's New York, we just put our ear plugs in and slept soundly each night. This is a great area to stay the subway is
bubble_50	The Q&A is a converted early 20th Century Art Deco commercial tower with gleaming granite corridors and a relaxed style.  The staff are very friendly and accommodating and it's gym is incredible. The rooms are large, very large and extremely well appointed.  It's location in the Financial Quarter means that it is not noisy at night and there is a subway entrance across the street. The Wall Centre memorial is a 5 minute walk away.  Will definitely stay there again
bubble_50	As a family of 5, we were more than happy with our 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment. The full kitchen and laundry facilities were a huge bonus, and the subway over the street gave us great access to the bigger Manhattan. Given we were in town for Christmas, we were very pleased with the location, as it was out of the hustle and bustle of midtown. Black Fox coffee shop on the lobby level was a huge plus for fussy Australians! We also really enjoyed The Bailey bar/pub over the road. The staff were great - I had emailed prior to arrival about a grocery delivery, and this was managed very well. Yes, the bedrooms are a little dark for my liking, and the windows could have an extra drape for exterior light control, but we wore eye patches and coped well. Thanks to all at the Q & A -
bubble_30	So the rooms and the hotel are more or less exactly as depicted. If you are coming to NYC to be among the hustle and bustle however, its not exactly the best area to stay in. The rooms are very spacious, however, in my opinion this place is overpriced, particularly in comparison with other options in the same area. We didn't have a credit card so they charged us $500 for any "incidentals" which is peculiar for a hotel with no room service, they will probably claim in their defence that their refusal to accept cash is commonplace in the city (which it is) but having checked into another hotel, we simply signed a $500 incidentals penalty for any damages without having to debit any money from our account so, I think they need to revise that policy. As I say, not bad, but there are
bubble_50	We spent 6 nights in a 2 bed apartment.  Location is excellent and hotel has superb facilities.  Well situated near the Wall Street Metro it's easy to get across Manhattan without the need for using cabs.  Staff are really helpful and having a Black and Fox coffee shop in the building is really useful.  The hotel gym is one of the best I've ever used too.  The street noise early in the morning is audible but then that's just NYC having stayed in a number of different locations over the years.  I wouldn't hesitate to book another stay here again.
bubble_50	Loved my stay at this hotel.  It was a spacious hotel room, actually an apartment.  They allow dogs and there is a dog park 2 blocks away.  Close to the South Street Seaport, and East River. Wonderful history all about.  Was able to host a Christmas dinner party.  My friends were also amazed.  They plan on staying here in the spring.  I hope to stay here many more times in the future.  Do not hesitate book a stay here.
bubble_50	My wife and I spent 5 nights at Q&A Residential and enjoyed it tremendously.  The good: * Our room was huge! I'm guessing this is as big as you can get in Manhattan for that price. * The hotel is new so everything is clean and in top working order. * The staff was very friendly and helpful. * There's a huge, all new and very well equipped gym which we had practically all to ourselves. * The nearest subway station is literally just across the street. 50 feet from the hotel front door. It takes 15 minutes door-to-door to go uptown.  The bad: * The street below gets noisy around 6am. We were at the 6th floor (which is the top floor for the hotel), but the honking from downstairs was still very audible. Not great if you're a light sleeper.
bubble_40	This hotel is located in lower Manhattan's Financial District, so getting a cab can be a bit pricey at $30-$40 to get to Midtown.  The architecture of the building is very old and cool, and the rooms are modernized.  Customer service was awesome!  Only issue we had was the elevator/room keys.  Went down twice to replace the keys bc either they didn't work on the elevator or they didn't open our door.  I gave up and we just used the one key that did work and there were three of us.
bubble_50	We were staying in the hotel 4 nights and booked thru expedia. The hotel is located in lower Manhattan close to wall street subway station which makes is very convenient when you visit NYC. Very welcoming front desk. We had an early flight and arrived at the hotel at 10am but still had no issue with checking in. The very friendly receptionist explained us the building very well. Off to the room, first impression was amazing. The room has everything you need to stay there long or short term. We didn't use the kitchen but it has everything you need plus a dishwasher. The only thing that could have been better was the lighting. There were too many switches that you needed switch to get all light on and still it was a little bit dark in the room. For longer stays I'd prefer to have
bubble_50	My stay at this hotel was an absolute pleasure, the staff were friendly and very helpful. The room itself is very large compared to most other New York hotels at the same price and is very comfortable.  I had an issue with my air conditioning when the weather dropped below 10 degrees celsius outside, but it was very quickly resolved.  The location is great for local stores, restaurants and transportation links. Everything is only a couple of blocks away at most and it is perfect for being in Manhattan but not near times square.  There is also a breakfast service on the third floor and it is described as "Grab and go", it is very literally just that, offering a few pastries and coffee.  As a frequent traveller to New York for work and pleasure, I will most definately be staying
bubble_10	The hotel is in a fantastic location and the room looked amazing.  Large spacious room, fully kitted kitchen, hardwood floors which is unusual, but nice.  But at 11:00 a jackhammer started outside the my window.  I called reception and they explained that they were on it, but did not sound surprised, so they might have known about it?  It finally stopped at midnight, but the construction continued the whole night.  I hardly got any sleep.  I asked about it the next morning and they said I should contact priceline.  Which I did, but Priceline told me the Hotel had immediately said no to any refund or discount.    It looks like the construction will go on for a while, so I would avoid this hotel for the next year or so.  Even if you get a deal, you do expect some sleep.  Q&A -
bubble_50	Just back from a brilliant 8 nights in New York, staying at the Q&A.  We loved absolutely everything about this hotel; the room, the staff and the location were all superb.  Room: The room was HUGE and extremely well equipped, with a full kitchen, dining table and a massive TV with cable, Netflix and Amazon Prime.  The rooms were cleaned to a very high standard and were serviced daily (except on the weekend when we'd slept in a bit later so had maybe missed the daily housekeeping cut off, which wasn't a huge deal as we had heaps of clean towels).  The bed was massive and really comfy.  The only thing about the room that wasn't 100% positive was the noise from outside... It wasn't unbearable and was quite normal by NYC standards (a bit quieter at the weekend due to the hotel
bubble_50	Fabulous, spotlessly clean apartments.  Staff so helpful.  Great gym.  Right across the road from 2 3 subway line which gets you direct to 34th street (macys) or time square in 15 mins.  Loved our stay here
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights at Q&A Room 632 in November.  We were in NYC to watch 3 rounds of the World Chess Championship.  We enjoyed our stay very much.  Our room was very spacious, clean and equipped with modern amenities.  Highly recommend and would stay again.
bubble_40	Loads of room, well designed living space. Free light bite breakfast gave you an early morning start. Convenient for subway. Really good customer care at reception. Martin and his colleagues went the extra mile to help residents. Thanks particularly for helping us desperately grab a cab when our prepaid company (CARMEL LIMOS - DO NOT USE) failed to turn up. Sadly 4 of the 6 of us still missed our flights.  Only downside of the hotel is the street noise, which woke me every day at 5am. Yes it is NYC but the hotel floors are lowdown so at the mercy of horn blasters and reversing truck noises.  And being an apartment style hotel there is no hotel bar or lounge.  But the space you get is immense, particularly for NYC.
bubble_50	Just stayed at Q&A for the 1st time and it was awesome. They have the 1st six floors in a newly renovated apt. building. You're getting a real studio apt in the financial district of NYC. Incredibly clean contemporary room with a ton of space! Full kitchenette with everything you need including a dishwasher, microwave, real size fridge/freezer. Warm friendly staff at checkin/checkout. Very close to subway so easy to get everywhere in the city. No bar but there are a bunch of places within a couple blocks. Don't forget to get your parking ticket validated, parked for 2 days around the corner for a very reasonable $60. Would definitely here stay again!
bubble_50	I have been visiting NY roughly 2x p.a. for the last approx ten years, so I have seen many hotels here. My normal reaction when I enter the room is slight disappointment due to the size but I always comfort myself with the thinking that size is a premium in NY. Well then, you might imagine my surprise when I walked into my room at the Q&A. The room is huge, clean, tastefully decorated and if I could think of more positive things to say, I would. I should also mention the front desk who were extremely helpful and pleasant with a special mention to Jason, Martin and Danilo.  Well done Q&A! I know where I will stay going forward.
bubble_40	The hotel was very nice.   The room was spacious, clean and modern.    Convenient location if you have business in the Wall St. area.   Restaurant choices are limited in the evening in this area, but you can always take subway, cab or walk to other neighborhoods.     Since it is the Christmas party season, we heard loud noises from the streets at night in our room.   And garbage trucks, barking dogs etc. early in the morning, but that's Manhattan.    Housekeeper was quite late cleaning our room even though I left the, "Please clean" tag on the door when I left in the morning. 2 pm it was still not done.   Bed was ok.  Pillows were kind of smelly and lumpy.  Bathroom amenity was nice (L'occitane), but they did not give us refill on the 2nd day, so we ran out of some stuff.
bubble_50	What a great hotel! 5 star hotel in my opinion!   New York for thanksgiving parade and birthday.   We landed early and where able to check in the hotel about 2 hrs before check in time.  Juan at the front desk helped us get all settled in for our week stay.   The room was very welcoming, larger than I expected! They even filled my request message of staying on the top floor! Felt great to have our own "space" while being far from home.  Has everything you need! All you need to get are groceries!  House keeping was always on point! Super clean when we requested.  Wifi was fast and easy to setup!  Full HD cable.   The location is great! Definitely in a  good area, everything you need is right around the corner. A bit of a drive from time square etc. but nothing bad about that. At
bubble_50	From checking in to leaving, I just loved this place.  The studio apartment that we had was absolutely huge, it was very modern and new with a great fully fitted kitchen.  Housekeeping did a wonderful job of keeping everything super clean.   I had never considered this part of New York before, as I usually like to stay as close to Central Park as possible, but we couldn't have chosen a better area.  The street was surprisingly quiet, to say that it was just behind Wall Street. So close to fab restaurants and bars, subways, and places of interest.  I just couldn't fault it.  There is also a lovely coffee shop at the entrance to the hotel, which was extremely popular. The hotel staff were fantastic, especially Marshall, who checked us in and out.  He was very friendly, helpful and
bubble_50	Outstanding place, very friendly staff, room size great and extremely well fitted out. Short walk to nearest underground and in Time Sq quickly. Plenty bars and restaurants in the area too. Highly recommend this place for a trip to NY, was our first visit and couldn't have had a better base for the trip.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at the Q & A for 6 days over Thanksgiving on our honeymoon and were completely blown away by the size and quality of the room. We were upgraded to the Executive suite which was a nice touch and to be honest out of the 6 hotels we have stayed at for this 5 week trip around USA..Q & A was certainly the best. Amazing TV with cable and also Smart TV functionality so you can log on to NetFlix if you have an account, massive fridge and kitchen,  comfy couch to relax on, free fast WIFI and a nice big king bed. The place is tucked away on a back street which wasn't hard for the uber driver to find. Complex has a huge gym and across the road is Wall St subway station (2 or 3 train takes you to times square) Stay at this hotel people..great rates..absolute steal!!
bubble_40	Hotel was really great - very downtown, and a bit off the beaten track, but the accommodations were very comfortable, staff professional, and a very good deal online.  Would recommend if you want to stay downtown!
bubble_50	We stayed in the Q*A in the financial district, room/unit was huge, clean and very well appointed. The staff was wonderful.The lobby is every architects dream! I stayed with my wife and 4 year old and couldn't have picked a better place to stay, subway access is across the street and will bring you to almost every location you want to explore. DD up the street as is food shopping resturants of every style and culture of food. I give the hotel a 10 and the location a 10.
bubble_50	Pretty nice. Huge huge room. Not much natural light but very nicely laid out and everyone at the hotel. Nice and friendly with a good location. Breakfast was pretty average but the coffee was okay. I'd stay there again
bubble_50	Really large apartment fitted out with full size kitchen and appliances (stove, oven, microwave and full size fridge freezer)  No hotel bar or room service, but great coffee shop (black fox) on ground floor of the building.   Brand new fit out, would highly recommend as you won't find a bigger place for the price in NY!
bubble_50	Very friendly staff. We were on our honeymoon and they upgraded us to a better apartment. There was also washing machines in the hotel, where you could do your laundry. The apartment was very spacious and well equipped (dishwasher, tableware, big fridge and comfy sofa). TV had hundreds of channels and free Internet worked well. The subway station is across the street.
bubble_50	My husband as I stayed here for 5 night in October for my husbands 40th birthday, we had a deluxe studio which was on the 6th floor.   We couldn't have asked for a nicer room, quiet hotel with a kitchen included (although we didn't use it).  I found it to be an excellent location, there are 3 different subways locally to take you to various parts of uptown manhattan and even to Brooklyn if you wish. It's easy to get to the hotel from JFK by taking the subway also, simply get the A line from Howard Beach and get off at fulton street. we took cases and it was no hassle and so much cheaper than a taxi.  Your also a short walk from the 911 memorial and the new world trade centre, statue of liberty cruise point, Brooklyn bridge and lots of lovely places to eat.  Word of advice
bubble_40	I stayed at the Q&A as construction was just finishing up, and I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms (esp. for Manhattan), the hospitality of the staff, and the location in FiDi.  For the price, it is a remarkable deal.  The hotel is in an art deco building with updated modern rooms that include an open floor plan with bedroom, living room, dining room, kitchen, and office space (about 700 square feet).  It's a close walk to Wall St. with the subway across the street.    I do have to say that the staff and management went out of there way to make me feel welcome and routinely asked if I needed anything to make my stay better.  I know it sounds overboard, but their exceptional customer service is something that others should model.  Seriously, it's a rarity that I
bubble_50	Would you rather stay in a crappy small hotel at Times Square or a 750 all new apartment hotel?  This hotel is one block from the New York Stock Exchange in Lower Manhattan and the subway is across the street.  My daughter and I spent a week's vacation in NYC and took the subway EVERY WHERE!  This hotel is the BOMB.  Our room was the BOMB.  SO LARGE and everything is new.  The building is beautiful.  The staff meets your every need  -  with a smile.  And they even serve breakfast !!  Muffins, croissants, fruit and the best coffee!  Two work stations and a printer that you can use free.  Work out gym (not that I used it with all the walking we did in this beautiful city), and a washer/dryer facility.  There are stores within 1-2 blocks if you want to cook.  Food IS high in NYC
bubble_50	Q&A is a beautifully decorated, nicely located hotel if you want the best of Manhattan while being able to duck away from the worst of the hustle and bustle, because the financial district retains a relative element of peace and quiet come the evening.  The action - Times Square, Lower East Side, etc - is only a short metro away though. Q&A is a great spot for the Brooklyn Bridge too. Can't fault the hotel. Huge rooms, free gym and a simple but welcome breakfast on third floor. The bed... "like sleeping on a cloud", my girlfriend says. And again, it's huge.  Staff are knowledgable, engaging, and friendly. At which point I'd like to apologise to the cleaner/owner for spilling a glass of red wine on the couch. Ouch!  Would go back again, no question. You should too. Jamie
bubble_40	We recently stayed for 3 nights at the Q&A Residential Hotel in New York. We've never stayed in the Financial District of Manhattan before but we thought it was a great location - very good choice of restaurants and good transport links (although admittedly that's the case across all of Manhattan). We found a couple of good restaurants for the evening - Thai Sliders on John Street (we had take-out on our last night, which was great!) and Adrienne's Pizzabar on Stone Street. For lunch you can't go far wrong with PotBelly Sandwich Shop - very tasty sandwich and very good value.  The hotel was a very good base from which to explore Lower Manhattan. The hotel itself is quite tucked away in an office / apartment building down a side street but this was no problem and the taxi driver
bubble_40	If you want to see all the Attractions in the Financial Area is this Location TOP. Everything is in walking distance. It is and house with an History not a new one which can be anywere in the world. The Subway is just over the street and it is spotless clean.
bubble_50	Well kept spacious and serviced appartments located on floors 2-6 of building. Excellent location on Pine Street, across Subway 2/3, Wall Street (Mon-Fri between 7am-10pm. When closed use Wall Street on Broadway (Nr 1) or Fulton (green line). 20 min to midtown by subway. Walking distance to Wall Street/Freedom Tower, Battery Park area. Mostly calm at nights (i.r. of NYC-terms), no noticable noise from other rooms. Cosy beds (King in both bedrooms), firm mattress, stacks of pillows/towels available. A/C. Fully equipped kitchen, dish washer. Washing machine/dryer in 2 bdr.apptm. Washing/drying facilities also on 2nd floor (US 2.50 per loading). Unusual great number of drawers and wardrobe space in corridor, bedrooms and bathrooms. Plenty shops / coffee places nearby for breakfast
bubble_50	My suite was basically a large upscale 1bd apartment turned hotel room. Bigger than most of my friends' places that live here. All the amenities you could think of - kitchen fully stocked with everything but food, two bathrooms, and a pleasant view out the window. Staff was super friendly and helpful, even when I arrived at 3am. Would certainly stay again!
bubble_50	Wow, amazingly large rooms. Mine had a kitchen (well stocked) and ample space for friends to come for drinks. Location is great - just across the road from the Wall St subway so convenient to get anywhere from here. Not far from southport restaurants and bars and a Duane Reade on the corner for all our supplies. After dark it gets quieter down here than up in Times Square so I think this helps to sleep without the constant sirens and tooting. Staff are lovely, comfy massive sized king bed and thick luscious towels. I loved the decor but many people would think it's quite dark and grey...cos it is! This is a tasteful, contemporary hotel that i'd definitely return to and recommend to others.
bubble_40	We needed a 2 bed, 2 bath apartment room, and this hotel fitted the bill. It was huge, modern with full size kitchen and living area. Apart from street noise, it was super quiet. There's no views, but plenty of Windows. The whole 'hotel' theme, is a bit quirky, as it's a skyscraper apartment block with the bottom 6 floors, a hotel. Kinda hidden away, access wise, but terrific value for an apartment this size, 5 mins from Wall St. About a $20-$30 taxi ride to all the mid town tourist sites.
bubble_40	Q&A Residential Hotel is located in lower Manhattan next street from Wall Street. Subway station is opposite of hotel and from there went the fast metro lines 2 and 3. It took only ten minutes from hotel to Central Park. In the room there was a kitchen and a bathroom with a bath. Both things are really good when you are on holiday. We stayed in Q&A seven lovely days and I believe we'll be back.  The staff were helpful and friendly. Special thanks to Anu and Khalif!
bubble_50	We stayed here for 8 days as a family in an executive suite which, by New York standards, was huge. We payed an average room rate of about $250 before tax, which, again by New York standards, is cheap. Considering the size of the room, it's a bargain.   The room only has one king bed, but it has a separate study area which you could get nice and dark where we put our 3 year old's blow-up bed (a rollaway would have been an extra $75 a night - pricey).  This meant we could relax in the evenings in the bedroom/lounge/kitchen area while he slept. You could have moved the sofa there, which would have been big enough for under-10s to sleep on.  There was also a fully-equipped kitchen which was really useful, and a dining area which was ideal for takeaways. The rooms do look just like
bubble_50	The suite was amazing and this is a great location in the Wall Street area with close access to the subways and shopping. The 9/11 Memorial is close by and the new Path Station and all the shops are walking distance. The room is very spacious and the facilities, gym, etc. were wonderful.
bubble_50	If you Want to sleep in a building that is similar to the Empire State Building....This is for you. Wall Street has become lively... Wtc is 5 minutes walk.  Excellent value for money !!! Useful !!!  Shopping at Brookfield and WESTFIELD, etc
bubble_40	Relocated to the Downtown Association on the first night due to a fault in our room. Thankfully the DTA was a very pleasant stay and we were compensated for this and upgraded for our remaining three nights in Q and A. The apartment we stayed in was great and very spacious. Only downside was the bathroom was a bit small and the TVs hard to use, however this may be due to the fact we are from Australia. All in all great location and room was great and very comfortable. Would definitely recommend to others as I reckon this is a better option than staying uptown in midtown Manhattan. A bit loud during the night due to construction but I'm sure there would be a lot of noise uptown. Very close to WTC and Wall St, great cafe next door called the black fox.
bubble_40	The 2 bedroom apartment was well equipped - although the TV remotes were confusing.  Well located close to the subway and to Stone St for food.  Staff were awesome with a big thank you to Jason from a NYC newbie
bubble_50	Amazing! Excellent location. Very modern and nice! The bedroom is big, with a walking in closet, office, microwave, all kitchen facilities, dishes, dishwasher. The sofa is not big for a adult, just for kids.
bubble_50	Very spacious. Excellent service. It had a fully equipped kitchen and conveniently located near Wall Street. It is close to the subway as well if you wish to go to Times Square or see a Broadway play.  They were willing to keep my bag overnight as well so I could pick it up the next day . Friendly staff
bubble_50	I chose this hotel because I got a good deal on hotels.com and it had really good reviews. The hotel is part of a newly renovated residential building and is located on the the lower floors. So are no rooms with nice views. For NY standards the rooms are large and lots space, which is really nice. They are also modern, clean and have all the amenities you need. Bed is big and comfortable.  As a nice treat they offered coffee, tea, fruit, muffins and croissants in the morning.  Staff is nice and helpful and they offered luggage storage all day which was good because we arrived early and departed late.  Location is wonderful, subway cross the street an walking distance to most sights on Lower Manhattan.  It seems like they will open a restaurant at the old observation deck on top
bubble_30	The studio was large and excellently furnished.  However, the windows are very poor, so our room on Pine St was very noisy at night from the trash and delivery trucks.  After getting ear plugs, we could sleep.
bubble_50	Stayed here for six days in early September. The hotel is not like a usual hotel, it offers a suite with kitchen and living area for the same sort of money as a regular hotel room. We were really pleased with the hotel. It's located in an Art Deco style building in Pine Street just behind Wall Street. Wall Street subway station, giving access to 2 & 3 lines, is directly opposite, literally less than a minute's walk.   The standard of the suite and all furnishings was very high. Nice comfy bed, nice sofa, large TV, powerful Bose Bluetooth Mini link Speaker, dining table and chairs, complimentary coffee and fully equipped kitchen with oven fridge/freezer and dishwasher. No washing machine but one is available in the basement if needed. There is an inclusive mini breakfast, coffee
bubble_50	The location and set up of the hotel is very nice - rooms are spacious and the staff was extraordinary friendly. I stayed there during a very hot week and really enjoyed the breaks at the hotel with a good aircon.  There was only 1 thing which was not perfect: the loud noise of the aircon. However I was able to turn it off at night and the room was still cool enough to have a good rest.  I can really recommend this hotel for New York  it was a great stay.
bubble_40	I am glad I made the decision to stay in this hotel because it made my trip more fun, secured and comfortable. The price of hotel or short rental in Manhattan no doubt is pricey and you may get oldish, narrow room in return. But for Q&A, you'll get big room equipped with kitchen, that' awesome! Light breakfast is provided at the lounge from 630-10am if not mistaken. However the air-cond in my room have some noises though it didn't affect my sleep as walking in NYC for whole day really exhaustive. Anyway I had reverted this issue to the front desk upon checkout.  The location is indeed good, there are many subway lines nearby and the nearest is the red line wall street statiom which is just 2mins walk across the road. Especially if you going out at peak hours, most if the white
bubble_50	The location of this hotel is excellent. Close to the world trade centre (7 min walk) and across the street from a subway station. Staff were helpful and friendly, and the apartment was so clean, modern and spacious. Do not hesitate to book this place it is fabulous. You can catch the train from either JFK or Newark for around $9 per person. There is free coffee and muffins in a morning for guests. If you want a luxury apartment in downtown Manhattan then this place is a must. The gym was also very impressive!
bubble_50	Stayed here recently for 10 nights.  Before booking we took the advice from many excellent tripadvisor reviews and glad we did.   Huge rooms, apartment style with very modern facilities and very clean.   The staff fell over backwards to assist us at all times while the hotel itself is conveniently located near Wall St station and other stations which can transport you by subway anywhere in Manhattan.
bubble_50	I recently stayed here for 2 nights and wish we could've stayed longer! My boyfriend planned a quick trip for him and myself for our anniversary and this was a great choice. The apartment we stayed in was huge, I mean massive layout: full kitchen with everything you could possibly need, living and dining area, 2 decent sized bathrooms (which I think was the best part) and a spacious bedroom with one of the most comfortable mattresses I've ever slept on.   When we first arrived we were greeted by 2 friendly faces Han and Kaleef were their names I think and they helped us check in. They were both equally upbeat and welcoming when we walked in to the glistening lobby of the hotel. When asked what brought us to Q&A we explained it was our anniversary and we wanted to stay somewhere
bubble_40	I stayed for two weeks during a business trip. This place has a lot of potential: attentive service, spacious near-new studio apartments, a great gym and stunning common parts. BUT you need to be a heavy sleeper! The hotel is in the low-rise portion of the building (floors 3-6) which suffers from a lot of street noise (e.g. garbage trucks, construction sites) some starting at 4am. The staff gave me a 'Sir this is NYC!' but I think the windows could have been better soundproofed. I was even moved to a different wing, to no avail. If you're a light, jet-lagged sleeper like me, don't, but if you're a heavy sleeper, this place is great!
bubble_50	I stayed here for ten nights recently, perfect stay.   Huge spacious rooms, well decorated, comfortable, big beds, modern kitchen, nice entry hall, perfect location (opposite the subway), good selection of TV shows, CLEAN, supermarkets & stores a block away and to top it off the staff at the hotel are some of the best I have come across in NY.   My only one small negative point, my room was a little bit dark however being NY its rare to get much sun light but would be great to have one of the lamps having more of a "white light" to give off a bit more light! Either way was not much of a problem.  Looking forward to coming back soon!
bubble_50	Q&A Residential Hotel is a fantastic place to stay: it is a luxurious apartment Hote, very nicely furnished, fantastic finish, excellent location!  We stayed there twice within the last months: first for 4 nights, then, returning for a whole week.  When we stayed for our shorter term period, we have been allocated a two-bathroom, separate bedroom, living room, study apartment on the third floor, which - as we have realised only later - was an upgrade. It was were very kindly allocated to us at our first arrival, and we loved it.   All the staff was incredibly helpful and kind during this 4 days stay, going out of their way to help us with everything. The atmosphere between us was incredibly friendly and amicable  Although, we have booked both of our stays within an hour of each
bubble_50	stayed here for a month during my official visit to NY. Check-in process was smooth and the staff was pleasant. The room was quite spacious with a walk-in wardrobe, fullsize kitchen and bath, plus a large double sized bed. Its close to Wall St and this being an office area, its generally quiet in night so you can get a sound sleep. Had no issues with the room cleaning, it was timely. The breakfast is no frills - cupcakes, fruits and coffee. Can have more options there.   The stay at Q&A was quite comfortable overall.
bubble_20	I stayed at the Q&A during a recent trip to NYC. I wanted to stay away from the Holiday and Hampton Inns in the area based on the not so good reviews and thought of paying a little extra at this hotel for a better overall experience. Alas, that was not to be. To be fair, the staff is friendly and tries hard but I just feel that they are either not trained properly or lack experience and that translates to the hotel missing really basic things.  I guess I should had been warned when I called them a day before my check-in date  to ask for a rollaway bed for my son and was told that they had no record of my reservation. After wasting over an hour with my travel agency and them spending another 30 mins with the hotel, they told me that it was a problem with the hotel and the front
bubble_50	I stayed here 1 night on business.  Too bad it was a 1 night stay as this was a great room, more of a small apartment really.  There was a king sized bed.  Good sized kitchen and a walk in closet.  The bed was a king and very comfortable.    I am so used to tiny NYC hotel rooms I found walking down a hall to get a closet or the bathroom kind if strange but If you were coming to NYC for a several nights with your partner, this extra space would be much appreciated.  This is a small hotel located in a beautifully restored Art Deco tower at 70 Pine Street. The location is an easy walk to all sites downtown and very close to subway lines which can easily take you to anywhere you need to get to in Manhattan in 10 to 20 minutes.
bubble_50	We stay regularly here at Q&A and have found it to be outstanding. Jason and his team are so accommodating and extremely helpful. The reception staff are very friendly and chatty and their welcome each time we return is warm and genuine. The rooms are amazing, and because we stay for lengthy periods at a time, they become like home to us. A great aparthotel, highly recommended - but don't take our room, because we'll be back!
bubble_50	We recently stayed here for two nights during a whistle stop tour of NY. Wished we could have stayed longer, as it was fantastic! Accommodating staff and fabulously large rooms, in a new apartment building. All mod cons except for a washer/dryer in the room, but there were plenty in the guest laundry. Husband and daughter loved the gym (but no pool or spa/massage sadly). Great location with easy access to all the tourist spots and subway. Parking was a few blocks away which was a bit inconvenient but really, who needs a car in NY! $30 a day to park the SUV. It would be good to have a restaurant on site for breakfast, but looks like that may be coming next year? In any event, lots of good places to eat nearby. Highly recommended!
bubble_50	The apartment we stayed in was massive - much larger than you would expect for NYC. It is at least as good as the photos on the website.  The plusses: - The apartment is really nice, and has everything you'll need (ironing board, oven, microwave, cooking utensils) - not that we actually ate in. - Comfortable big king bed (not too singles pushed together) - Loads of channel options on the TV - Good cupboard space to unpack clothes for the week - Good shower pressure and temperature - Hotel staff friendly and helpful - Good location not far from several subway lines, and walking distance from several things you'd want to see as a tourist. Probably an ideal hotel for business people staying long term, but also works well as a visitor base.  Minuses: - The air conditioning is loud -
bubble_50	Fabulous art deco building with extra large accommodations, full kitchen, extremely comfortable bed and great staff, particularly the doorman who greeted and assisted us at the door. This hotel is well situated as every subway line, the ferries, restaurants and many tourist attractions are within walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel. If I were relocating to NYC, I would definitely consider leasing one of the  residential apartments in this wonderful building .
bubble_50	This has to be one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. The staff were incredibly helpful and nice. In particular, Marshall and Anne who I dealt with in reception. The rooms were amazing!! Super sleek, modern and immaculate. The location was ideal, close to the subway, the trade centre and plenty of bars and restaurants right around the corner on stone street. I can't recommend this hotel enough.
bubble_50	Nice building. Rooms are large and well equipped. Its a small apartment not a room. Full fridge, stove, dishwasher. Rooms differ but mine has a nice sitting room area separate from the bedroom area. For New York its a huge space.  Offers a free cont breakfast. Nothing great but nice to have morning coffee. Cheap cupcake style muffins , oranges, apples, bananas. Of course with the full kitchen and markets nearby there's nothing stopping anyone from frying up breakfast themselves. Several markets within 3 block radius. With so much in NYC making my own food hasnt been big on the list. But pressed for time/budget the kitchen has all utensils needed to prepare most things.  Financial district isnt my favorite but you cant get this space at these prices in midtown. Great if Wall St
bubble_50	For me, personally, the first thing I look at when staying anywhere is the staff. You can normally tell if people are either acting or forcing themselves to be polite. Every staff I interacted with had that genuine look, they were more than happy to help me with any item, big or small. Smartly dressed as well. My room on the fifth floor, 525, was a deluxe room which meant more space than the standard room. The first thing you see as you open the door is the kitchen area. Lots of everything is here, cupboards, utensils, oven, microwave, dishwasher and a fridge/freezer. Only thing missing was a washer/dryer. Loads of storage for clothes and luggage. There is a safe in the room that's easy to use. The bed was massive, a king size bed which I got lost in. The bed was a bit too firm
bubble_50	we had a great 5 night stay here in late august. after 10 plus hotel stays in manhattan this was our best room yet, as regular break visitors the financial district is firmly our favourite place to stay and hang out. the q&a is surrounded by places to grab supplies, places to eat, coffee shops, bars etc. a very short walk to pier 11 where you can ride the river taxi boats. an easy walk to battery park, ground zero and a slightly longer walk to soho, access to subway and buses is also easy plus a healthy supply of taxis (uber and yellow taxis.)  the hotel staff were really helpful and friendly, the room to die for really tastefully done, great kitchenette and fridge two full size wardrobes plus a walk in and phone with free calls incl. international. the size of the space was
bubble_40	We had a huge room - 1 bedroom, living room and 2 bathrooms.  I have never stayed downtown NY but we had a concert in Brooklyn and downtown could not have been more convenient.  It was convenient to trains so getting around was easy.  I wish the hotel and residence has a separate entrance as that would have avoided some confusion.  We had luggage and the bellman thought we were residents.  We had a great weekend and will be back.
bubble_40	First things first, this hotel was beautiful. So modern and had a really nice bathroom.Had alot of useful extras; table with chairs, large fridge, plates and glasses, dishwasher and couch. Immaculately cleaned. Located near a few train stations with interesting and cool places to eat and drink near by. Polite staff too. Had a few strange occurrences though; the air conditioner makes strange noises through out the night, I had to wear ear plugs. It was summer so didn't want to turn it off. The fire alarm went off twice which they then announced was being tested which we thought odd, but have been told by a friend, native to New York that the fire department can run tests without warning. Funny thing was that we could smell something burnt for a few days after. There was
bubble_50	This was the first time we had stayed in the Downtown area and the Q&A was a great choice. Beautiful building in the heart of the financial distinct right which provided the perfect base for our family break in New York. The Q&A is in a lovely Art Deco building currently undergoing some renovation work.  The Q&A  staff are a polite, friendly and very helpful team and the apartments are spacious and well laid out. Would definitely reckoning and wouldn't hesitate to return.
bubble_50	The apartment with study was an excellent place to spend a week, great gym and coffee hang out. Wall St station is right outside and easy access to all NY has to offer. Didn't post any photos as web site does justice to the apartment hotel.
bubble_50	Very new and amazing apartments. Location is excellent. Personal very friendly. We were 7 days in this wonderful apartment. The Bed was great. Subway station nearby. A short walk to Ground Zero and Hudson river.
bubble_50	Before actually visiting this hidden gem in the financial district I was surprised about how affordable the rates were per night when I was booking. As I arrived to the hotel I was greeted by a friendly and professional staff. My room was very clean and spacious and the hotel was surrounded by tons of restaurants and the train station which was very convenient! I will be coming back to this place very soon!
bubble_50	Stayed at Q&A for a week. I usually stay at hotels in the Financial District as it is both close to my business activities but also convenient and with easy access to other parts of the city. I like the relative peacefull atmosphere in this part of the city and here you can find some great restaurants and hotels.  It was my first stay at Q&A. The building is a combined apartment hotel and residential building, and you will always find a door man by the entrance. It does not look like a traditional hotel when you arrive, but that does not matter.   The room was huge, compared to other NY hotels, and it was modern and very clean. Since I travelled with my daughter the size of the room was important, and the fact there is a modern kitchen with a fridge, freezer, etc. made it easy
bubble_50	We stayed for few days in room 619.  619 is a corner room.  It was very quiet which we appreciated.  We were traveling with our 11 and 13 year old kids.  First impression was very good.  The staff was very helpful.  We worked through not being able to check in until after 4:00.  We made up for it with a late checkout.   The rooms were amazing.  Very modern.  Very clean. We had a two bedroom suite. The rooms were large and clean. The Kitchen had everything you need.  Stainless steel appliances.  Nice living room/ kitchen set up.  Very comfortable.  We watched the Olympics in comfort.  Awesome furniture.  The bathroom was a bit small but functional and decorated well.  We thought we had (2) baths?  The locations was great.  We walked to the 9/11 museum, Battery Park, Wall Street
bubble_40	this hotel is beautifull. Very big room with everything you need. Breakfast was basic but good enough for us. We love the 70 pine building in Art Deco style. there are plenty of restaurants in the area, subway is nearby. Grocery store just around the corner (most expensive grocery store i have ever been to LOL). cool stuff nearby:South Street Seaport, Stone Street and Brooklyn Bridge. Save neighborhood at night.  Cleaning of the room could have been better, very late in the day and they forgat to give new soap en dishwasher tablets,but they brought it real fast when we asked for it the Bed was in front of the window so there was not a hole lot of view, or you have the climb over the bed. I was very happy with the laundry room, because we where there for a week. Next visit to New
bubble_50	Stayed on the third floor Room 329 and although our view was that of a building, the street noise was very minimal. The studio apartment was large, spacious with full kitchen and very modern/chic. Plenty of closest space and comfortable bedding. The building is very sound proof; did hear neighbors or doors opening/closing. Our room was near the breakfast room/business office where muffins, coffee, and fruit were available every morning. Never heard the TV or other patrons which proved to us how well insulated the building is.   Every staff person we interacted with (from the doorman to check-in and concierge) was pleasant. We were escorted to our room and given a briefing of the room amenities, and he even set up our mobile tablets (which only took a minute) on the wi-fi
bubble_40	I found this hotel by chance and loved the size of a room and a Kitchen. My concern was location but it turned out to be a benefit in fact.  The room was just perfect, better than I expected. Well occupied, spacious, modern, new and quiet. I really loved my room, comfy bed and it provides amazing Cable channels. I was in New York for travelling but it was so hot and sometimes I just wanted to come back to hotel and watch tele with ice cream. Metro (line 2,3) station is just in front of the hotel and you can easily reach to other stations within 5 min. It is near battery park, world trade centre and Brooklyn bridge.  The staff are very kind and friendly. They offer simple breakfast which I didn't expect. It is not warmly cooked meal, but muffins, fruits, tea and coffee can fill
bubble_40	Large modern studio rooms with full kitchen, large not only to NY standard but to any big city hotel any where else. The walking closet itself could be turned into a room in some of NYC hotels. You need to zig zag your way to get the front desk. But There are directions posted in every corner. Once you get there the front desk staff are some good, some so so, and some are great!!! Specially, Kashif(?). He is Attentive, courteous, willing to help, He take his time to explain all the amenities the hotel offers and has a great knowledge of the city. Good asset to have.   The hall ways are a bit old with one of those  old apartment style plain, low grade carpets. But  once  you get inside the room,  it is a different story. A very spacious modern room. Standard kitchen with
bubble_50	Our central air system decided to break during the heat wave so we stayed here for a few days while it was getting fixed . This place is great ! The staff is really courteous and polite . It's really a beautiful building and I could easily live there . Everything is very clean , modern , and comfy . The room has everything you need - even a classy martini cart . Location is on point too . Just a few minutes walk and you're on stone street which we love . I'd highly reccomend this hotel and come back anytime !
bubble_40	This hotel is a diamond, particularly the size of the room!! I had the smallest room and it was about 450 sq feet with a kitchen.  The very small complimentary breakfast service (danish and coffee) was not so great especially  since they did not offer cream (1/2&1/2).  If staying for more than two days make a grocery run for the essentials.
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel, although the rooms are more like apartments. We efficiently checked in at the hotels "office" and stayed in a deluxe studio with our teenage daughter.   Room was massive with two separate living areas, superb fully equipped kitchen,and  great walk in wardrobe. Cable tv, free international telephone calls and great free wi-fi. I get the feeling the place is still under development although this did not detract from our stay in way at all. Looking forward to the roof top bar on my return!  There are none of the usual hotel amenities although the gym is superb and there's a great little coffee shop. If you want a base where you can chill out and cater like you would at home, this is a great place to stay.   The staff were always polite and courteous when helping
bubble_50	This place is modern, spotless, and cool! We loved the super modern furnishings of our room. The service was friendly and knowledgeable. Check in was relatively quick and straight forward....and they gave us a free upgrade to a 1-bedroom suite! It was massive. More space than we knew what to do with. The "lobby", which is more like an office on the main floor, is a cool spot to hang out. We really liked everything and would highly recommend this place.  The only thing I think the hotel needs to do is to do a paint job on the hotel room doors and fix the carpets in the hallways. The lobby is sparkling and bright, the rooms are spotless and amazing, but the hallways feel a bit sketchy. When my husband and I first took the elevator up to our floor, our hearts sunk as we thought we
bubble_50	For a city hotel, at the price we got a studio for, it was perfect for the people we had and had enough space for everyone. And they gave us extra blankets and towels without hesitation! The staff are kind and sweet and you feel like you don't want to leave. It's such a great environment and I wish I could live here
bubble_30	I went to New York for a business meeting in the financial district. The location was great, the room was huge by NYC standards and very clean but it seemed like I was staying in a hotel in the Twilight Zone. The staff was virtually non-existent, nobody spoke to you, except to keep you out of the Office portion of the building and you had to leave the hotel for water or anything to eat except from the lone vending machine. Next time I will stay somewhere else where there is water and humanoids to communicate with.
bubble_50	The Q&A Hotel has apartment type accommodation in a historic building which is a similar age to the Empire State and for a short time was New York's tallest.  The lobby has retained all of the original features and has the reception area. It would appear that the upper floors are split between private apartments and the hotel rooms. Our room was very spacious with a comfy bed, separate kitchen area and large bathroom with walk-in shower.  The hotel has limited facilities with a small coffee area which also serves bagels and croissants in the morning. However this is not a major issue since the kitchen area in the room is well equipped and there are numerous food shops, cafes and restaurants nearby. The Q&A is in the Manhattan business area so is some way from the main
bubble_50	The Q&A was the perfect choice for our first trip to NYC. The room was huge and having the small kitchen and sofa was a real bonus. It felt like we had a little home to go back to at the end of a long day of sightseeing rather than just a room to sleep in.  The location is excellent. During my research for the trip a lot of people suggested the financial district was too far from the action but I couldn't disagree more. There is a subway station 30 seconds walk from the hotel entrance and it's within easy walking distance to SI ferry, Wall St, Battery Park, 911 memorial and the east river ferry over to Brooklyn.   The facilities in the room were excellent and the bed was huge and really comfortable. Wi-fi reception was good and plenty of TV channels to choose. Breakfast was
bubble_50	It is very rare to go anywhere or buy anything that turns out to be better than the advertizements. Q&A residences is that place! It was our first trip to New York. The staff met us at the curb, helped to get our car parked, and welcomed us to the best hotel we have ever been in. The staff both morning and night were small town friendly, the water pressure exceptional, the room perfect.  Our every requeat was met, including clear detailed advice on what to do in New York City. One of the first hotels I was ever in (and I travel a lot) where I actually was tempted to change my trip plans just to stay another night. Absolutely exceptional!
bubble_20	Some background...I booked this hotel based upon the reviews and because it offered 2br, 2 bath rooms (perfect for my family of 5).  Our family takes semi-annual trips into NYC and have tried a variety of hotels that meet our needs.  My hope was the Q&A would turn out to be a place we would use again for these trips.   For this trip - we were attending a wedding nearby and wanted to make sure we had a nice, comfortable, and nearby place to stay.  The plan was to check in, get dressed up for the wedding, and head out. The 2nd bath was to be a huge plus for me (I was travelling with my wife and 3 daughters - enough said).    I paid in full - in advance for a 2 bedroom - 2 bath room and my reservation was confirmed.  On the day of the wedding we checked in and went to our room to
bubble_50	Well priced, conveniently located, super clean property with friendly/helpful staff and heaps of space.  We stayed at this hotel for the weekend. We wanted to be close to attractions and public transport. Although there are many different boroughs in NY that you can choose for different travel agendas, this location was so convenient, it was a short walk to the 9/11 memorial and Battery Park and literally one street back from Wall Street and just 50 steps from the Wall Street Metro Station. We were there for pleasure however I imagine that this location would also be perfect for business travellers. The downside of the area on the weekends is that a lot of the funky coffee shops and cafes are closed as they cater for the business crowd but there were still plenty of great
bubble_40	We stayed at the Q&A hotel for a week in the 2b/2br suite. Both of the bedrooms and bathrooms were the same size, a little tight but hey, it's New York. The living room was a great size and I loved the windows (we got a room on the corner of the building). The kitchen was full-sized but there was no ice. Also, there was a washer/dryer set which was nice but it was really loud even with the door closed, so keep that in mind if you wash at night. The breakfast was not much but there is a Walgreens down the street. The hotel was a little difficult to find at first, since there was no true entrance. The subway was right across the street, which was nice. Keep in mind that there is A LOT of walking so bring a good pair of walking shoes. Overall, the hotel was great and would
bubble_50	No negative aspect at all. Space : A-1 Cleanliness : A-1 Location : A-1 Price : of course it's Manhattan  Service : A-1 Breakfast : Correct...but coffee and fresh fruits good enough to start a great day.
bubble_40	The hotel was everything it was billed as good size rooms, convenient location, I would definitely recommend staying here it's perfect for a family vacation.  The breakfast wasn't much but there are a couple of stores in the area where you can buy bacon and eggs and a very nice kitchen.  There are two subway terminals across the street from which you can get to anywhere in the city.  We bought a weeks worth of unlimited rides for 30 dollars.  The 911 memorial and ferry to the Statue of Liberty are within walking distance.  We stayed in a 2 bed 2 bath which includes a washer and dryer. Three smart televisions with all the cable channels if your kids are anything like mine that is important and the wifi worked great.
bubble_50	The Q&A hotel was primarily chosen because of it's big rooms, which you don't find that often in New York City. First we were a bit doubtful about the location, as of the reason that it is in Downtown. People usually think that if they want to get the NYC experience you need a hotel near Times Square, Central park etc. But that is not true at all, it was actually one of the best decisions, as of the reason that uptown was really hectic and crowded with a lot of people. Every time we got back to the Q&A Hotel, which is located in the Financial District of Manhattan right next to the Wall Street Subway stop, we felt really relieved to escape the madness. The rooms are spacious and quite modern furnished. Everything was clean.  If you want to have a really modern, good looking,
bubble_50	I travel to NYC regularly and this place was the best place I have stayed by far. Well appointed, spacious apartment style rooms, clean and close to transit, the business district and shopping. Good for the business traveller, longer term stays and families.
bubble_50	High quality. Very good value for money. Highly recommended. We also watched Game of Throwns on Pay TV for free. Huge beds and modern design. Impressive location, the Financial District has become surprisingly our favourite area in NY. Brooklyn bridge at walking distance and 20 min away of Central Park by underground
bubble_40	Rm was big, clean and comfortable. Hotel only has 1 - 6th floor, so there isnt much view but the room compensates a lot.  Location is in Financial district, its not as crowded and busy as mid town.  Only drawbacks may be a lack of facilities and the breakfast could improve a little.   All in all, I would love to stay again
bubble_50	Highly recommended: we had a free upgrade in a bigger apartment (even too big for us), perfectly clean, with a fully equipped kitchen (there's a 24h market just in front of the building) and a very comfortable bed. The staff is very helpful and it's only two steps from wall street station.
bubble_50	We arrived here really late at night after a flight delay and the receptionist was lovely and gave us good details about what to expect from the hotel. The rooms are amazing and have everything you could possibly need. Our room was cleaned everyday with fresh towels too. They even cleaned our dishes which we was great! There is a supermarket at the top of the road which is really handy and it is across the road from the subway. My only issue was when we went to check out 6 days early due to a family emergency we were told "You can't get your money back". We didnt ask for our money back. I was clearly upset and only asked to check out. The girl working was rather rude which didnt help the horrible situation we were in. Other than that we will be returning to finish our trip off
bubble_50	Great building and apartment. Service was a bit "oblivious" when they forgot our report on a failure in the bathroom and the room maid took away our towels without substitute them (no one left in the closet). But response was immediate. Laundry was great except that was locked all the time and we had to ask the reception to open up all the time we needed. I suggest a card-reader at the door.
bubble_50	My wife and I were travelling to New York for a week on business. I was somewhat dreading the traditional expense of hotels in that city and comparatively speaking, the paucity of quality and service given for the price paid.  And then I found the Q & A Residential Hotel. I passed it by several times, thinking that a "Residential Hotel" would be a cross between an old folks home and a facility for Social Services....  But in the end, I came back to it, and with a little trepidation booked online.  And this is what we got:  - Not a room - We got a full blown apartment; 70 square metres, a huge bedroom with walk-in closet and en-suite bathroom. - Two living rooms - A second bathroom - A full size kitchen, equipped with everything you could want, including an ice maker and full
bubble_50	Hotel was everything that I could have wanted, and very closely matches what is shown.  Room was huge and was cleaned daily.  Use of a kitchen was a bigger bonus than I would have thought on a holiday.  Subway is directly across the road, convenience store and pharmacy a two minute walk away.  Only suggestion I would make would be for non-slip mats in the bath (which are a requirement in the UK) as they got very slippy when showering.
bubble_50	The apartments are virtually brand new and very comfortable! Just like the photos. Cleaned daily, new towels and in good condition. Staff were very friendly. The building is New Yorks 8th tallest building and Art Deco in design.  The location is great for tourists - close to the tube which is virtually opposite (located inside the building next to Deutsche Bank). A short walk to the historic district and bang in the middle of the financial district. It was a 20 minute stroll to Battery Park area.   I honestly cannot recommend this enough.   We came back at all hours and felt safe in the locality.  We would recommend Adrienne's pizzeria, Mad Dog and Beans and Leo's bagels which are all a short walk away.   There is a light breakfast - muffins and coffee were good and the
bubble_40	The staff is very friendly and helpfull. We felt very welcome. We had 2 bathrooms. The ADA (disabillity) facilties was more than I expected. There were 2 (shower heads) available in the ADA bathroom. The room was like a fully furnished appartment. The doorman was always there to help.
bubble_50	The hotel is located in the business area of town. Rooms are freshly renovated. Refurbished modernly and with taste. All the needed electronic equipment in the kitchen and other rooms are at the place, including plates and crystal glasses that gives  you a pleasant homy feeling. The only minus were contruction works that started every day almost at 5-6 am and distrubed you sleeping.
bubble_40	Stayed here for a week in april 2016. Large appartment, with a full kitchen and very comfortable bed. Brand new, and it looked as if we were the first people living there. The fact that we didn't have to pass the reception to get to the appartment, made it easy to pretend that we actually lived there :-)   We had booked (and paid) the room, through Expedia, for two adults and one 7 year old, but upon arrival we found that the appartment only had one double bed (not big enough for three). When we contacted the reception about the issue, they first told us to contact Expedia to get the problem solved. We had been traveling for 19 hours, and was not in the mood for anything but to rest, so I got quite annoyed. Then they said we could rent an additional bed for seventy-something
bubble_50	The photos of this Hotel don't do it justice, it was absolutely stunning, by far one of thee nicest hotels Ive ever stayed in. Everything is brand new,spacious and quiet. staff were very kind welcoming,and couldn't do enough for us.I really couldn't find anything wrong,we had everything we needed. thank you so much for a perfect stay.
bubble_40	Loved this hotel. Super clean, comfortable and spacious! My friend and I spent Memorial Day weekend here and we absolutely loved this hotel. Having a fully stocked kitchen and fridge was wonderful and we cooked dinner one night with provisions picked up from Eataly. Very close to several subway stations and walking distance to the Brooklyn Bridge.  Couple of minor gripes - the bathrooms have zero counter space. And even though my friend and I had both reserved and paid for the same class of room her receptionist announced with glee that she has been upgraded, great for her but hey no fair I want an upgrade too! At least he could have been more tactful and whispered she had gotten an upgrade so I wouldn't feel so bad about my lack of special treatment. Also they were unable to
bubble_40	went to New york  city for second time with my family stay here for 3 nights every was great apartment well furnished modern and room was big.near wall st we stay fri-mon was very quite around that area and are shop open 24hrs and restuarant near by. breakfast was muffins croissants and coffee on offer.in room free wifi.
bubble_50	This is a hidden gem in Manhattan for previous visitors not wanting to stay near the craziness of Time Square.  This residential hotel is located in the financial district on the lower floors of the previous AIG building.  The 500sq' rooms are modern with L'Occitane amenities.  It is equipped with a fully furnished kitchen.  The rooms are so spacious and comfortable, you forget you're in a hotel.  The only downside is the bathrooms.  It's tiny in comparison to the room and there is no counter space.  I had to use the kitchen counter to get ready as it was across from a large mirror.  The long hallway is odd as it takes up so much room which should have been added to enlarge the bathroom.  The fixtures are of high quality and worked very well.  Daily housekeeping is offered but
bubble_50	We spend a week at Q&A Hotel and was an awesome experience! The most important thing is to have a 50m2 room with kitchen fully equiped and king size bed at Manhattan. We had other experience in mini rooms that not allow us to open a couple of suitcases at the same time... The room is so huge! The situation it's very good, at Lower Manhattan, in front of Wall St station (red line 2 and 3) that connects you in 20 minutes to Times Square. The only not too good things was that the breakfast consists only in tea, coffee and muffins, but on expedia site talked about breakfast buffet. Anyway, this hotel will be our first option when we come back to New York
bubble_40	We stayed in a 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom apartment for 4 nights. The apartment is spacious and well decorated. It had a very modern feel to it. It is conveniently located close to many sites, so we were able to walk around quite easily. They are fairly new so I would say, have a few kinks still in their model. First, we booked a 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom apartment with 2 king size beds for 5 people through Expedia. When we checked in, we got a 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 king size and 1 queen size bed and they wanted to charge us 75 dollars extra for a bed for the 5 person. The translation from Expedia's system to theirs completely failed. If you book through through third parties, I would recommend that you call the hotel ahead of time to ensure that you confirm what you expect in the
bubble_50	The hotel is conveniently located in the Financial District. The room - or should I say the apartment as it comes with a fully equipped kitchen - was really spacious compared to the other hotels I visited in New York. It is clean and well furnished. You can feel like you're at home. I also liked the smart TV on which I was able to use my netflix account. Would definitely come back here again.
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. I found the staff very polite and informative when I arrived to check in. First impressions were good and when I got into my room it was so inviting. I chose this hotel as I wanted to stay downtown as most of my activicties were to be in this area. on a previous visit i stayed in time square which  I found  to so busy and noisy day and night. Not too much noise in this area. I didnt expect breakfast but there was free coffee, muffins, croissants and fruit on offer.Room was large and comfortable. free wifi was great.
bubble_50	Very large apartment style room, very clean, well stocked kitchen supplies, walk in closet. Great place for longer stays. Staff very friendly and accommodating. Good location. Close to several train stations. Nice gym. The only con right now is the construction noise outside. Would definitely return to Q & A!
bubble_40	Overall our stay at the Q & A was good. The room was exactly as it appeared on the photos. Really spacious and well equipped kitchen. Loved the layout of the room, apart from the fact that it is a bit dark. Check in was a breeze and the staff were super efficient.  Generally the room was clean during our stay, particularly on the first couple of days. But as the days progressed we started noticing a few lapses here and there, for instance dust on the surfaces, floors which had not been vacuumed and a bath tub which had not been properly cleaned. On one occasion we did bring this to the attention of the front desk and we must say the response time was excellent. However, they sent a housekeeper who couldn't speak English and who had to use an app on her phone to translate. It was
bubble_50	Friendly helpful staff, newly built modern airy apartment with daily housekeeping service. Everything you need for a relaxed self contained stay - full kitchen; good sized bathroom; walk in closet; safe; huge comfortable bed and quality bedding. Directly opposite the Wall Street metro station for easy access to mid and uptown Manhattan. Complimentary breakfast available on 3rd floor (muffins, croissants, coffee etc.) but also a great cafe for breakfast/lunch a couple of doors up the street and a handy bar with food service at the end of the block (both right as you leave the hotel). No shortage of restaurants in the area and the staff have a great local knowledge. If returning to NYC I'd not look to book anywhere else.
bubble_50	Excellent location and spacious rooms, with a great staff at work. Apart from the clean and spacious rooms they have a fantastic Gym too.  I really enjoyed my three weeks in Q&A and I would strongly recommend it to all.. thanks
bubble_50	On arriving at Q&A we weren't quite sure what to expect. These are apartment style rooms rather than standard hotel rooms. However we were immediately both surprised and delighted with the incredibly spacious, immaculately clean facilities. We were given an upgrade and had a place with a huge living area, fully accessorised kitchen, 2 bathrooms and a very good sized bedroom with walk in wardrobe. I can't speak highly enoughly of this place. The location is good in downtown Manhatten and you are only a hundred yards or so from Wall Street and the New York Stock Exchange, with plenty of Metro stations in walking distance. The 911 memorial site and One World Trade Tower are only about 10 mins walk away. The only thing to be aware of is that this type of hotel doesn't have a bar or
bubble_50	I truly enjoyed my stay at Q&A Residential Hotel. The room is fully equipped with a full kitchen (Including utensils, cutlery and everything needed to cook, bake, microwave). It comes complete with a refrigerator & dishwasher as well. The staff were very helpful making sure I settle down into the apartment, any questions I had was addressed promptly by the guest service team. From using the in-room tv/airconditioning system to finding routes around the city via subway as well as attractions nearby. There was also 'grab and go' style breakfast with yummy muffins. Honestly, I felt that a lot of thought was put into the design/concept of the hotel. Lots of creative decor in the room using science and art. I am very very impressed. To sum it all up, it truly is a home; away from
bubble_50	We loved Q&A  and will definitely stay again . Set in a beautiful Art Deco building. A very spacious, clean apartment, elegantly decorated with all facilities and equipment that could possibly be needed. Great to be able to relax in a home from home environment where there are all mod cons. It means you can take a break from eating out every meal  and relax and recover from a busy day.  Exceptionally friendly, knowledgeable and helpful booking and reception staff (thank you Anna, Sasha and Anna particularly, but also everyone else) . Perfect location for exploring the old part of New York , right Next to Wall Street and a hop to the Sea Port where there are many great places to dine. Near to the East River and ferries to Brooklyn and the green spaces of Battery Park and Hudson
bubble_50	The moment we entered the old building on 70 Pine Street we were amazed by the architecture. The staff made us feel really welcome and when we entered the room/apartment we almost could believe our eyes! I mean, when the hotel room is almost bigger than your apartment back home, and with a fully equipped kitchen, You can't complain.  Big bed with plenty of fluffy pillows. A bit of noise from the streets outside, but what to expect when living in Manhattan? Breakfast was muffins and croissants, so dont think that you will get a full breakfast when ordering the hotel.  Subway stations (both Broad street and Wall street) close to the hotel. We took the J-line all the way to Jamaica station with air train connection to JFK. It took us about 1,5 hours.  I recommend going to The Dead
bubble_50	We stayed five nights and had a ball. The location in downtown Manhattan is superb. Subway stations right on your doorstep makes exploring midtown and further afield really easy. The downtown attractions are just a few minutes away.   The room we had was massive and so well equipped it felt like home. Our welcome was warm and friendly with lots of local information on offer. Ok, so the breakfast is a grab-and-go style coffee and muffins but this is a fair trade off when you consider the location and facilities provided.   When we return to New York, the Q and A will be our hotel destination of choice.
bubble_50	We stayed here four nights. The hotel was very new and modern, and the rooms (apartments) were spacious and clean. Nice toiletries, fluffy towels and robes, good wifi, fully equipped kitchen, great shower, and really comfortable bed! The staff were also super helpful! They were so friendly and always went out of their way to help us with whatever we needed. Location was also excellent - right in the middle of the Financial District. It was close to the subway, so we could easily get anywhere, and the Brooklyn Bridge which was lovely. The only small criticism would be that we found the room a bit dark at times. There was no central overhead light (at least in our room), just many small lamps around so we'd have to turn them all on to get more light which was a bit annoying and
bubble_50	I stayed for 8 nights in this hotel and liked it very much. The rooms are in fact appartments, so plenty of space. Very modern interior, fully stuffed kitchen.  The staff is professional and friendly. The location was perfect for us. The price is very reasonable for what u get. The beds are fantastic. Very good gym. Small critizism: the rooms are quite dark and a bit bleak. A bit more color or a plant would definitely help.
bubble_50	The hotel was beautiful, very modern. The service was great. The bed was very comfortable. It was walking distance to cabs & restaurants. It is located in the Financial District which is not close to the major sites, although that was not an issue for us.
bubble_50	This is such a great place. The location is amazing, right in the heart of the Financial District. The rooms are set up like an apartment, with a fully equipped kitchen and everything one might need. For a bit more money, one can get a large apartment that has a small office space, but frankly, I did not find it necessary, as the room was quite large. There was so much space for everything (I was able to workout in the room comfortably, even if they do have an amazing gym in the basement). The beds are very comfortable, the bathroom is equipped with everything (they have luxury L'occitane toiletries, luxury towels,etc.) The room decor is very modern and pleasant. Other things: cable, wifi, books, safe, small breakfast buffet. The staff is also very accommodating. I had the
bubble_10	Last night I received an email from the Q&A hotel stating they had to relocate me due to maintenance problems. I called the front desk and the staff member was very friendly on the phone. When I asked what the problem was het stated that the hotel was overbooked. I had booked the Q&A through Expedia and I called them to find the out what the problem is. They also contacted the front desk and got the same answer; overbooked. The relocation office from Expedia also called the hotel, same answer; overbooked   I am very disappointed with the hotels way of handling this problem. I've been tolled a lie for relocating me.  I've made my booking 6 weeks again (beginning of April), I've got a confirmation from Expedia. Next to that I asked the hotel if they could confirm my reservation on
bubble_50	My wife and I were in New York for a weekend and were delighted by this gem in the heart of the Financial District.  The staff were all excellent; extremely friendly and helpful. The room was more like a compact apartment with a well appointed kitchen, sitting area and fantastically comfortable bed.  The location was good with Wall St, World Trade Center, South Street Seaport, Woolworth building, Staten Island Ferry and Battery Park on your doorstep. Plenty of dining and bar options nearby along with a good selection of stores.   To go uptown for the rest of the city is easy with Subway services less than a 5 minute walk. I got all the way up to Yankee Stadium in The Bronx in something like 35 minutes.  Stop reading and looking at other options, this is the place to choose for
bubble_40	The overall space was great.  Lots of little things were wrong - no hangers in the closet,  light in the kitchen didn't work, light over the desk didn't work, mystery wall switches that didn't turn anything on/off, strange entrance down hallways to get to reception and to the elevators.  All of this was irritating but no big deal.  However, the next morning was a big deal when I realized that there was only decaf coffee in the room.  So I go to the third floor where there is suppose to be coffee, pastries and fresh fruit telling myself that it will be okay.  I get there before 8:00 am and it opens at 7:30 am.  There is no evidence of fruit, the pastries were sad little muffins and they were out of coffee with no one in sight to bring more.  All in all, I just expected a lot more
bubble_50	Everything about the Q & A is wonderful.  The rooms are beautifully furnished, extremely clean, and exceptionally large and the staff is professional, friendly, very helpful and respectful.  The location is great, as well.  We weren't sure about staying in the Financial District but it is quiet with plenty to do close by and the hotel is very convenient to the subway (1 block away).  It was nice to be able to get away from the craziness of Midtown.  The free WiFi and Continental breakfast are a plus! Staying at the Q & A was a great experience and we will be back!
bubble_40	First trip to NY and we're staying for two week to truly explore the city (just a few more days to go so I thought to write this while we're still here and I can remember everything). This is a great location as most of the subway lines come through the area and the very useful 2 and 3 trains are accessible from the Wall Street Station right outside the front door.   Pros: excellent location (convenient, safe and quiet), size and layout of room, overall amenities available especially the fully-stocked kitchen, responsive hotel app to request or report items, new and clean-looking, drawers to be able to unpack and good closet space to put away luggage, comfortable bed, gorgeous Art Deco details in the exceptionally clean lobby  Small things they can improve upon: no appropriate
bubble_50	Six of us stayed for my 50th birthday in February for a week.  We got the best of the three rooms and it was enormous.  Two dressing rooms off of a study, a bathroom, full size kitchen, dining and sleeping areas.  The kitchen had a full size fridge, oven and dishwasher.  And a cocktail shaker with glasses!  The gym only opened half way through our stay but was excellent with all of the necessary weights and machines.  Whilst I would not have ordinarily chosen the location for a holiday in NYC it is easily accessible to half a dozen subway stations, Century 21, the Staten Island Ferry and the World Trade Centre Memorial and Museum.  Breakfast was pretty ordinary and basically consisted of croissants and muffins which tided us through until we could get out to Pret A Manger for
bubble_50	Skip other *****-Hotels: go there! Best buy You can get. Huge and quiet apartments fully furnished. The opportunity of having a fully equipped kitchen is another highlight making this hotel very recommendable. We felt great being there. Will come back one day for sure. Thank You!
bubble_50	Stayed for 6 nights in April 2016. I think they've been open since November of 2015 and I suspect rates will increase soon, once the residential part of the building is complete and word gets out.  Overall: I paid about $260/night plus taxes, which is a good price for the area. The rooms are spacious, well-designed with premium amenities, and quiet. If there was any construction happening in the building, I didn't notice it. Slept in easily on the weekend, and was woken up only by my alarm during the week.  Check-in: Efficient, confirmed all the necessary details and provided helpful information about the area.  Check-out: Quick, accurate, eager to hear about any feedback on the stay.  Room: Very spacious, thoughtfully designed, modern yet warm. I stayed in a standard room.
bubble_50	We are french and it was our first stay in new york. I use my poor english to make this comment understandable for most of the readers. This hotel was really very confortable, clean and quiet. The room was very wise. Equipement of the room where really at the top, the bed confortable, tv of quality and the wifi very efficient. The location of the hotel close to wall street is locatated near to 2 and 3 subway station , very convenient to take you everywhere in new york I strongly recommand this hotel
bubble_50	This Art Deco hotel is in the former AIG building (at one the tallest building in NYC) in lower Manhattan.  The interior was beautiful, the rooms (with a complete kitchen) were spacious and clean, and the staff was professional and accommodating.  I recommend staying here.  It's minutes from the World Trade Center, Brooklyn Bridge, and the subway.  This is an A+ hotel with an A++ staff.
bubble_50	This is a really unique place. I've seen many NYC hotel rooms and I've seen many NYC apartments. This perfectly combines the two.   Loved having a full kitchen and definitely will come back next time I'm in town.   Great location for hanging out in East Village at night... Front desk was pleasant throughout.
bubble_50	Lovely stay, huge amazing room, comfy bed, kitchen with everything you could need and more. Highly recommend.   Great location, 10 mins walk from boat statue and 9/11 museum. Round the corner from Wall Street. Even good for tourists who want to be away from hustle and Bustle of times sq and see more of a locals' NYC. Only a 10 minute subway ride uptown to busier places. Only cost $3 single.   Taxi from airport was $55 + tolls ($6) +tip or ask them to use free bridge!   Housekeeping was a little odd, with them moving around towels etc and taking a robe from the room one day - leaving us with only one between two (previously a nice luxury to have them!) and we had to explain this to reception to ensure we weren't charged!  Reception staff great all week - let us store bags on last
bubble_50	My boyfriend and i just stayed here for a couple of nights due to the passover holiday , it was a beautifull room , spacious, very clean , full kitchen , the bed was comfortable it was very quiet, and the price was just right . There is parking close to the hotel and it is located very close to wall street .The taxi ride was a bit pricey to get to the upper east side of manhatten but hey you cant have everything . I strongly recommend this hotel if your looking for something that is more a homey feel to it .
bubble_50	Perfect location away from the hustle and Bustle of Times Square. Room was huge with everything you could need, including a fully equipped kitchen. Subway just across the street and plenty of good bars and restaurants. The staff were always willing to help and pass on their knowledge of the area. All in all a great 5 day break and would definitely recommend to anyone who wants a lovely apartment in the financial district.
bubble_50	Great room with all the amenities. Full kitchen with everything you need to survive. One of the best experiences we've had in awhile. Shower very slippery...be careful. No grab bars and no anti-skid mat. WiFi worked great. Smart TV was too smart for us. Loaded all of he channels on the first night...still don't know how we did it, cause on second night we had no TV. Bose wireless speaker worked great..burn I have one at home so I was familiar with how to set it up. We are definitely coming back.
bubble_50	Great hotel by Wall Street & a few blocks from Ground Zero. One of the best hotel rooms in New York City. It has 'everything' including a kitchen complete with a full sized fridge, microwave, dishwasher, utensils, cutlery, crockery etc. Staff was also very helpful and courteous.  The hotel even provided coffee, pastries, fruit & juice for breakfast.  The owl on the wall inside the bathroom made us uncomfortable and uneasy. We understand the theme & concept of Q&A but I still question why the owl had to be affixed in the bathroom of all places.
bubble_50	Great stay, love the fact that we stayed in the financial district because we already had visited NYC 2 years ago. Very close to the 911 Memorial, less than 10 minutes to Brooklyn by metro and a small walk to the ferry.  The staff is A+ special thanks to Sasha and Marshall! Quiet, our apartment was in a corner, very luxurious and big! Loved the kitchen, great with kids because we could take our breakfast at home!  Near: 911 Memorial, Trinity Church, Charging Bull, Battery Park, The Bailey Pub, Wall Street Wine Merchant, Neapolitana Express Pizza (near Trump Building), etc, etc.
bubble_50	Nothing negative to review. We had a great three night stay in the two bedroom suite on the 6th floor. Perfect for two moms and kids on a family adventure. Room was spotless, bed was incredibly comfortable with high quality linens. Kitchen had everything we needed. Service was excellent. The gracious and adorable young  staff was super helpful and friendly. We were warmly greeted by Marshall, Martin helped with our bags and both Elizabeth and Anna helped at the desk. Wish I remembered all of the other staff names as everyone was top notch.  Location was great for downtown exploration. We walked over the Brooklyn Bridge, rode the glass carousel in Battery Park, the Staten Island ferry,  and South Street Seaport all within easy walking distance. The hotel is nestled in a great
bubble_50	I was traveling for work and my wife and infant daughter (11 months) were able to come along. I was looking for a place that fit within a moderate budget but could accommodate the needs that we would have - mainly space for a pack n' play and baby stuff.   We booked the loft with an office and could not believe how big it was. I used the office as a space to setup. The kitchen, first bathroom and living room afforded us all the space we needed. Our daughter crawled all over the place. While the pack n' play wasn't available the first night (you could make a request but couldn't get it until check in and someone else had it that night) we got it the second night on. It could fit on either side of the bed. There were three (or four?) closets in the bedroom that led to the second
bubble_50	Stayed recently for a long weekend with my wife and twin 3-year-olds.  Amazing value.  Incredibly large, modern rooms with great features (ours had a full kitchen) and a price that beat all nearby standard hotel rooms.  Our room was considerably larger than any hotel room in which I've ever stayed in New York City - more than enough room for the four of us and all of our stuff.  The location was very quiet - away from the hustle and bustle of lower Manhattan - but very close to great restaurants and attractions.  Staff was very attentive and friendly.  Will definitely stay here again - it my opinion, this place offers the best value in New York City, hands down.
bubble_50	stayed for 6 nights, awesome room, very clean, great stuff and great value for the price. right next to wall street, metro around the corner, nothing negative to say, would come back every time. huge apartment with kitchen, nice tv and house itself looks really nice
bubble_30	Pros:  location, great staff, large well equipped rooms, great new building,  Cons:  the design of the room we had had the A/C unit located right behind the headboard of the bed.  The A/C was less than one foot from your head when sleeping so was very disruptive to a good night's sleep. The overall cleanness of the room and hotel was lacking.  Our fridge had not been cleaned, the elevators were often dirty The breakfast was only coffee and muffins which could have been better and if your did not get there early they were often not refilled so on two occasions when we went 20 mins before the end there was nothing left and no one around to replace any items.  In summary this hotel has great potential but they do need to make some changes
bubble_40	We stayed here in a studio for 6 nights in March and were very impressed. The rooms were very large, with a full kitchen.   Staff were very responsive. The few times we needed anything, they had someone there within 3 minutes.   There was also a very basic breakfast included. There was fresh fruit, muffins and coffee. Would have liked to see juice, but hey, you can't have everything! We usually grabbed something small to eat here before getting something more substantial later in the morning.   Location: For tourists, the financial district is not necessarily where you want to be. But for the price and the size of the rooms, this didn't bother us one bit. There is a subway directly across the road.   Downside: Construction work. One day, the work began at 5am and went until
bubble_50	Really great hotel for the price; room was huge with full kitchen. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive as well! We had a small issue where somebody was playing music and when we notified the front desk they sent security up to our floor to check as well as the manager up to investigate. The issue was taken care of entirely in as little as 10 minutes amazing service!
bubble_40	The accomodation was large very clean and very well equipped.Reception staff extremely helpful,doorstaff friendly.Location great for sightseeing in New York.The only drawback we experienced apart from building noise early in the morning was the lack of consistency of the availability of the "breakfast on the go " supplied.Most mornings there were hardly any breakfast muffins\croissants left,milk and coffee and muffins etc  kept running out taking ages for it to be replenished by uninterested housekeeping staff.One morning we were told there was no breakfast left as there had been too many people at the hotel! Also only one towel was replaced each day evn though two of us were sharing a room.We had to ask most days for either towels or the complimentary bathroom toiletries.
bubble_50	We stayed in Q and A for 4 nights and were very impressed with the place. Rooms were huge by New York standards and for the price point. Loved having the kitchenette area in the room. Bedroom huge and so comfortable, TV has everything on it you could want, bathroom lovely.   Location is literally just across the street from Wall Street Subway Station and Lines 2 and 3 from there will take you to Times Sq/42nd Street in 10 minutes.   Service good from the staff we encountered but by the nature of the hotel you don't come into contact with the staff very often.  A great place to stay, would definitely recommend to anyone.
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel, great sized rooms and well equipped kitchen! It was a real pleasure to spend time and tee hotel and felt like a home away from home. It was simple and easy to get on the subway and head to uptown New York! Great holiday and great hotel! Thank you for having us.
bubble_40	During my first visit to NYC, I stayed 6 nights with Q&A hotel. The space of the studio was very generous and it's got a full kitchen which was really great. Location was very convenient that there were subway stations nearby and easy access to "911" Memorial and One World Observatory.   However, one thing that really made me disappointed was the housekeeping. It just looked like the floor was never cleaned which was covered with dust. And you even have to leave a note to get a fresh towel. Housekeeping lady tended to forgot this.  All in all, it was good but could be better.
bubble_50	It was a very clean room and we were impressed with with how well it was designed. There was everything anyone needed if one was living in an apartment studio like a microwave, dishwasher, a VERY large fridge, and they even provided plenty of cups, utensils and dishes. The room also had a reading section near the front door with a desk. I would most certainly come back to this hotel again. Also, the hotel is conveniently located right in front of the 2 and 3 train station.
bubble_50	it is a remarkable boutique hotel. nice location(13 min to time square on subway), near to subway 2 3, the room is amazing and very big, have a complete kitchen, with all you need to cook, have a place to work or study too. I'll recommen.
bubble_30	I booked the more expensive room with office that was to sleep 3 and asked for either an extra bed or separate blankets on the king sized bed, as I was travelling with my 18 year old son. When I arrived I was told an extra bed would cost $75 extra, and no, there were no extra blankets made up, there was a blanket in the closet. Equipment in the room is great. Everything about this place is huge. The apartment, 2 dressing rooms (although I'm still not sure where the "office" is)... The one thing that really lets the hotel down is housekeeping. The place was dirty when we moved in and after the 6 nights we were there it was really dirty. The beds were made  daily, but not with clean sheets. Towels were often not replaced, luckily there were enough in one of the dressing rooms.
bubble_50	The one bedroom suite was a delight -- lots of room with a entry/study area, two baths, a full kitchen/ dining/ living area, generously sized bedroom with walk-in closet. Lots of little details that really make the place work like an abundance of pillows and towels or a personal safe that is large enough to hold two laptops. The gym was in a "soft opening" so hours were limited but there is lots of equipment. Service was friendly with a doorman and great checkin. At first the arrival feels a bit odd, the entire building is still under construction and finding the entry door and check in room requires following all the signs. The best thing about the hotel is its location -- you can get everywhere uptown (east side and west side) and out to Brooklyn by subway.
bubble_50	Perfect stay from all points of view. Friendly and helpful staff. Really nice apartment, clean and equipped with every comfort, kitchen with all implements, comfortable and wide doublebed. Hotel just renovated and located in front of the Wall Street subway line, inside in the heart of Downtown life. The breakfast needs to be improved but nothing more. I'll definitely return here.
bubble_40	The rooms are very large and comfortable! The only disadvantage was that at night the constructors kept working ....but the friendly staff made everything ok! The gym was free and pleasant. The breakfast is very basic, perhaps that could be al little bit better, but for the price whe payed  we cannot complain!! Staff very helpfull at al times!! Thank you again!  Nicole and Maxime
bubble_50	The rooms are very spacious (we had a 109 m2 room) with high quality equipment (eg. bose soundlink box), good beds and very clean. Location is also perfect. Although it is in the centre of financial district the street is not very crowdy and there is not a lot of (traffic) noise. Also very nice gym in the basement. Free Wifi in all rooms.  Only small disadvantage is that the breakfast consists of some fruit and muffins and croissants and not much more. Final conclusion: perfect place to stay!
bubble_50	Although my stay at The Q&A hotel was all of 9 hours it was excellent. When I checked in I was informed that I was upgraded to a Loft which was a huge room with high ceilings and a full kitchen with a stove, oven and microwave along with a refrigerator. I could have stayed there for weeks. The bathroom and shower were top notch although the sink was a little small  I then used the gym in the morning which was also huge plus I had the entire room to myself. I will be back. The only downside was I had forgotten toothpaste and they did not have any at the front desk What hotel does not have toothpaste?     Thanks.    Pete
bubble_30	I personally think, the hotel is in a great location. A little quite as near the financial district, but the metro just 50 m away from the hotel. You have to know, that the hotel is in a residential building which is not yet finished. So you will search long time to see an entrance from the street, as it is only a door to the building without flags or and big entrance area. Once in the building, it is a labyrinth to reach to the reception. Had a great check in and were shown to the room directly. Have to say, for the price you probably have the biggest rooms in NYC. That was actually a reason why we choose it, as we travelling with four suitcases. You have a big room, with cooking stove and lots of other amenities. We booked it via booking.com and it said breakfast included. But
bubble_50	The studio we had was exactly what the photo's had promised us. Dishwasher, oven, fridge etc all in new condition and working properly. Rooms are modern and very up to 2017. Our studio (527) was at least 45 square meters.  Although the building is still under construction we never experienced any inconveniences.  The reception hall  is very impressive and tasteful. The location is ideal with metrostation Wallstreet 2-3 only 30 meters from the hotelexit. Within 10 minutes you are at TimesSquare/42 street. BrooklynBridge  at 8 min walk and pier 11 for a nice walk at 6 min walk. Very friendly personnel at the reception desk. Breakfast is very basic but not really needed if you have your own  5***** kitchen. There are several grocery stores at 3-4 min walk.  In the future prices
bubble_50	This place absolutely exceeds my expectations; I'm staying in a loft suite with an office. It's incredibly spacious and comfortable. I like how the modern decor contrasts with the Art Deco architecture. Sasha and Kalif(?) were lovely whilst checking-in to the hotel.  This will be my go-to place in the city from now on....
bubble_50	I'm in NYC a lot and I typically try a new hotel every trip, but now I've found my go-to home away from home, the Q&A Residential. From start to finish this property sets itself apart from the rest. First, the staff are incredibly accommodating and pleasant. Second, the rooms are modern, clean, well appointed and really SPACIOUS, like twice as large as my first NYC apartment spacious. The location, on Pine Street, is just a few blocks from the southern tip of Manhattan, yet it's just a block from the 2/3 subway line, so you can get uptown or to Brooklyn easily. Post-9/11 development on Wall Street means there are now plenty of services - grocery, bodega, restaurants, bars, pressed juice outlets and, of course, the now ubiquitous Soul Cycle. Enjoy!
bubble_50	In the midst of the financial district, this hotel had everything that one could wish for in a residential hotel. Spacious, clean, and very quiet. Within walking distance of many restaurants - dine in, takeout and everything in between. Not within shopping district but for those who are there to sight see...a great value. Near or within a short cab ride of Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, Little Italy, Metropolitan Museum of Art, and Central Park. Very close to many subway entrances and exits which makes for easy commute to NYC. Staff are very helpful, accommodating and informative. Willing to spend time to help answer any questions that you might have. Highly recommend.
bubble_30	Terrible stay at this hotel.  Had to turn air-con/heater off to be able to sleep and it was extremely cold when we visited had to wear socks and coats to bed.  Complained several times and had a serviceman to our room on several occasions could not do anything just said it was noisey and as the bed backs onto the unit nothing could be done.  Also nearly put my back out trying to close the blinds behind the bed as that is where the air-con unit is and if you have to reach over the bed and unit to get to the blinds. Had to ask for additional items as not restocked when room was cleaned.  Told there was washing and drying facilities but on arrival told no. Alarms going off at different times, some for a reason but some just malfunctioned.
bubble_50	It is not often I stay somewhere which completely outweighs expectations - sure you are not in the shopping district, but just like many other cities, the financial district is often more fun. The room is really beautiful, with great interior design. The staff are only too happy to help, and the location suited me to the ground. Thank you, I will be back.
bubble_20	Front desk staff are excellent. But that is the only good point about it. The room facilities are not optimized, bathroom too small while corridor being large and empty. Windows not soundproof making nights extremely noisy. Also, the room cleaning staff are unpredictable, by that I mean they come at various times with uneven standards, some being amazing others even messed up my stocking... I reserved the room to be cleaned at 12 at noon and it went well for a few days. Then one day house keeping said they cannot do it this early, which I find confusing and unacceptable.The location is not very convenient if you are looking for supermarket or entertainments either.
bubble_50	Marble lobby floors with ornate art deco decor, a truly delightful staff, huge suites with everything you could possibly need, this is the nicest hotel I have seen in NY. The tastefully decorated suites are about the size of a typical studio in the area. It's not just the largest suite I have rented. It's also the most beautiful. The lobby is quite literally breathtaking. Frankly, we were shocked at how lovely it was, given that it was less expensive than most of the hotels we have stayed at in the area. We were visiting a relative who lives a few blocks away, and has lived in the city her entire life. She too was amazed that I was able to secure so lovely an accommodation at an affordable rate. My understanding is that the property will be offered primarily as luxury condos,
bubble_50	In a given year, I travel to NYC some 8-10 times.  The typical experience is one of getting to a hotel room, no matter what the name/brand, where the default word is "small".  Understandable, Manhattan is tight.  Not so with Q & A.  This was my second trip there and the room size is two, if not three times the typical size.  Oh, and throw in having a stocked kitchen, reading room, king sized bed, new rooms, and more.  This is, to my thinking, the best bargain I have ever experienced in NYC.  Indeed, I could "live" in this place.  And, if you need something near Wall Street...just minutes of walk away (including the sub station).  In trying to think of any negative, I can only think of one (the breakfast provided) but, that is a nothing.  Staff is uber friendly, fun place,
bubble_50	Weekend getaway to NYC for my wife's Birthday! Down in the financial district. Very quiet and felt very safe. Hotel still getting up to speed. Rooms very sexy and cool. Huge rooms!! Full kitchen, nice size bathroom. Very quiet. Offers continental breakfast only. Gym not up and running fully. Tough loading and unloading car,  hotel sits on tiny street.   Would go back.
bubble_50	Hotel was selected based upon only 40 odd previous reviews with the majority being excellent and I agree with them.  For me, this place was ideal, great location with a red line subway station across the road and only being a short walk from locations such as Wall Street, Battery Park and the 9/11 Memorial. The room was about the size of an apartment, well equipped and to a high specification.  The room was cleaned daily although a quick hoover every other day may have been nice but we weren't messy and only a minor grumble.  Gym was large and stacked with equipment although due to the soft opening the hours were a little odd.  Grab and go breakfast was enough to get you out the building without having to worrying about food for a couple of hours but not fantastic.  Staff were
bubble_50	We stayed at the Q&A during a business trip, we were very impressed with how long and large each apartment/room is. And we got a great deal, less than $200 a night which is amazing. I also felt that everyone who worked there was friendly, the free coffee and NY Sunday Times was great, and it was very easy to get around using the Wall Street Subway station. Be careful though, weekend service can be a little delayed so sometimes an Uber is easier!
bubble_50	Booked this fairly last minute - so glad we did. Fairly quiet compared to midtown hotels. Very large, modern rooms. Fully fitted kitchen. Huge bed. Bathroom adequate - small bath though. Very quiet if you visit over a weekend as it's opposite Wall Street. Ideally situated for hop on hop off, Staten Island and Statue of Liberty Ferries. A couple of minutes walk to 9/11 Memorial/Museums and One World Observatory. Tube station right opposite hotel. Bar and supermarket/pharmacy within 1 minute walk. Staff very helpful and friendly. Grab and go breakfast is just croissants and muffins, fruit and coffee. Nice to have but wouldn't set you up for the day. We would definitely stay here again and would definitely recommend to anyone going to New York.
bubble_50	Wow. So much to say about this gem. The amazing Art Deco interior of the former office building it's located within.  The pleasant and helpful staff.  The jaw dropping size of the room when I opened the door.  The incredible attention to style and detail throughout.  Then I opened the closet door and found almost an entire room! :) Only one recommendation for improvement: acoustical thresholds at the entry doors to reduce noise from the hallway would be nice.  Besides that, well done!
bubble_40	Excellent deal for NYC. Very large room with a well appointed kitchen area and nice bathroom. It is within what I think is an office building (nice art deco lobby) but the room itself is very modern/trendy looking. The staff were very helpful throughout the trip. We did have trouble the second night. Due to flooding (pipe burst) the elevators weren't available but given the extreme cold that isn't terribly surprising. When we had to use the stairs it was clear that the hotel (which I think is new) has not been completed yet. I will certainly stay there again when I go back.
bubble_50	This being my first trip to NYC I had high expectations anyways and we had originally planned to stay near Times Square with reservations about staying downtown, so far away from 'The Centre'. There was no need. Downtown had a preferred vibe for me, nice and relaxed, and the area around Pine Street whilst busy, was never too loud or noisy. Plus near some great Subway station links to all over the city. From arrival (after many hours of flying) we were checked in quickly, and taken to our room by Martin. Unfortunately the room number had been written down wrong, but this was rectified quickly and we were shown to our room. This is one of the first hotels I have stayed in that actually matches the photos shown on the website. The room was huge. Kitchen came equipped with
bubble_50	A different kind of hotel in the heart of NYC financial district.  The rooms are HUGE, with a full kitchen, including dishwasher and stove/oven.  Location is perfect for exploring Statue of Liberty, World Trade Center Memorial, Wall Street and Battery Park.   The rooms are very modern in decor and amenities. While the hotel lobby maintains its stunning 1932 art deco design.    Best dining options include Acqua at Peck Slip and Harry's Italian
bubble_50	This is my second visit to this hotel in 2 weeks and it is now my go to hotel when traveling for business.  The second I arrived I was met by Marshal who brought me around to the reception desk where I felt like I was being welcomed home.  The check in process by Hahn was quick, efficient and friendly.  Over my three night stay I got to know other staff members, Anna and Jason.  On my second visit I got to meet Sasha who I spoke to during a phone conversation.  Everyone is very professional and will do anything they can to help exceed your expectations which they have on both visits.  The hotel is new in an Art Deco building with very modern and spacious rooms.  I'm looking forward to the restaurant to open as well as the gym to be open more hours as it is difficult to be able
bubble_50	This is an amazing value and exceptional hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff was helpful and friendly. Our room was very big, clean and beautiful. The decor is impeccable, very modern and comfortable. We had a full kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and as an extra, great coffee at the "grab and go" breakfast. The location worked out perfectly as there was so much to do nearby and it was easy to get to the subway or find a taxi.   This is by far the the best place we have stayed at in NYC. I highly recommend this hotel.  Loved the owl's.
bubble_50	We booked the hotel for the price point, and it  exceeded all expectations!! These are brand new, fully stocked, modern apartments that I would be thrilled to live in year round.  The staff was super friendly and helpful.  There are great bars and restaurants in the immediate neighborhood and an express subway to midtown is a block away. We highly recommend the Q and A!!
bubble_50	I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family  Most of the hotels in NYC have small rooms and are over priced this Hotel is the opposite  The room was like a large apartment with all mod cons  The staff are very polite and helpful  I will be staying here again :)
bubble_50	Everything was amazing. The staff were very nice. I loved the room, best I've seen in NYC, very clean and organized.  The kitchen was amazing and very useful, helps you to save money instead of eating out. Love the bathrooms and bedroom. I would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	From the moment I walked in, the staff was enthusiastic and welcoming. When I walked to the front desk, I was greeted by Khalif (he's AWESOME and super helpful). I received a complimentary upgrade from studio to one bedroom! I was thrilled! The apartments are huge (a one bedroom had two bathrooms, one in the bedroom and one next to the door) and the furnishings and detail were modern and lovely. It truly felt at home. They have a Bose speaker that works on bluetooth, so I was able to cook and jam at the same time. All in all, a GREAT hotel.
bubble_10	I'm currently living in NYC but needed to get a hotel as my mom was coming to visit for 3 weeks. It was conveniently located near my apartment in the Financial District and proved to be excellent for the first few days. After that, we realized that items in the room were frequently depleted and not restocked unless we requested it, including things as simple as toilet rolls and shampoos; linens were also unchanged unless requested. The hotel boasts an app that facilitates requests for items and housekeeping but we have found that it is absolutely useless in 4/5 times we put in a request for housekeeping or items, it never happened. There is also a specific time in which you can have the service requested which also never came through. What is the point of marketing an app when
bubble_40	I stayed at the Q&A Hotel in NYC and was pleasantly surprised. It is in the heart of the financial district and close to the subway so it is easy to get to midtown and Brooklyn. It is also walking distance to the new World Trade Center and memorial. The staff were great and gave very friendly service and attention. The best feature is the rooms that are really studio apartments. They have mini Bose bluetooth speakers, fridge, microwave, small dining table and comfortable beds. The towels are very fluffy and bathroom amenities are excellent. They have nice robes in the closet for lounging around.  I booked the same day I was traveling and the rate was very good around $170 per night average. The only downside is that if you have a car parking is a few blocks away but the hotel
bubble_50	I stayed at the Q&A this weekend just gone... Fri-Mon. Check in/out was easy. Very friendly staff. The room was immaculate, very spacious and a kitchen area if you wanted to cook. Has a full size fridge/freezer in the kitchen area.   The only thing I found was that the headboard/bedside table area seemed very unsturdy. But that was only a minor observation. The subway is very near and just outside the  hotel.   The toiletries provided are L'Occitane products. Was very impressed with this. However, I found the scent of the hand cream and shampoo to be scented like marijuana. My friend agreed with me as well. Would be interested to see if anyone else agrees. lol  The gym is quite spacious. It is in the basement area and is has quite a few machineries in there as well as free
bubble_50	I stayed here two nights with my husband and was blown away by the size and style of the rooms. The decor is sleek and modern but still warm and inviting. We felt like we were in our own apartment in the city (except a much larger apartment than we could ever afford!). We were in the city for doctors appointments and thought we might as well make a mini vacation out of it. We spent one night in watching tv, having a glass of wine, and enjoying burgers from down the street, and another night out on the town (its conveniently located close to the subway). The location is beautiful-great place to walk around and plenty of great food. The staff was exceptionally friendly.  We felt so at ease with this stay--a stark contrast to some of the hotel experiences we've had in the city
bubble_50	I stayed here for two nights, mid-week.  The staff at check-in were extremely pleasant and helpful.  I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the room...the furnishings were modern and trendy, lots of storage space, and a full kitchen!   I've stayed at many hotels in NYC, and this is the first time I felt strongly enough about a place, to review it.
bubble_50	We stayed here for five nights, including the days of the "winter blizzard". Q&A is warm and inviting, staff helpful and pleasant, giving their best with smiles. Room was absolutely great with the full kitchen. We could have stayed longer and surely will come back when visiting NYC. Thank you all!
bubble_50	Had an amazing time. Super friendly staff. The room was very clean, spacious and exactly as described on the website. Trains are within walking distance. We will definitely return to Q&A next time we are in NY.
bubble_50	I am in love with this hotel!!! It is my new home away from home when I visit NYC. I don't want to stay anywhere else from now on. I hope they will consider grandfathering the price for me as one of their first guests so that I can always afford to return.   You have an entire apartment to yourself. It is decorated beautifully and very clean. The staff treat you like family and get to know you. Even the doorman greets and remembers you.   You have to park a few blocks away so that is the only challenge here. Everything else is perfect. I would just like to see them offer valet. Other than that, perfect!!!   Do yourself a favor and stay here!!
bubble_50	We decided to try out the Q & A Hotel the weekend before Christmas 2015 so that we could spend time taking in all the NYC Christmas sights. I am so pleased we stayed here!  The Q & A Hotel on Pine street was very well located - within walking distance to the famous Bull statue of Wall Street, the New York Stock Exchange and many great restaurants, bars and cafes.   The two bedroom, two bathroom unit we reserved was beautifully finished and extremely roomy by any standards. The rooms were spacious, clean and well -appointed. The style is very modern yet comfortable. They were quiet despite being in the heart of downtown Manhattan.  A great option for families wanting to visit/stay in the city. Much better value than a hotel room and much more comfortable. The kitchen was big
bubble_50	My wife and I booked online by hotels.com , and for the price (about $130/night) on weekend, we tough it would be a small room and bathroom. Well that was beyond our expectations; first the check in was fast, and one hour before. Before I arrived I called the hotel asking about parking, and they sent me to Icon parking, a few blocks from the hotel. The parking is $35/night with the hotel staying.If you had parked in NY before you know it's an affordable price. Anyways, we did not know we reserved a studio, with living room, and a full kitchen. The Wall Street metro station two blocks away, 16 minutes from the Brooklyn bridge walking. We stayed with our 4 years old daughter, and we walked around and felt safe at all times. The place is really quite, great for rest or work. Highly
bubble_50	The place is brand new; just keep in mind you won't find the usual services of a "normal" hotel (such a real breakfast), but other than this I've found it a very interesting proposition in a "difficult" city like New York. The apartments are huge, though a bit dark, but very well equipped, with a large kitchen. No amenities in the bathroom and no gym. Quiet at night, which is quite unusual in NY. Subway station just in front on the entrance. Rates were reasonable. Overall, one of the best hotels amongst the many I've experienced in New York.
bubble_50	The hotel is new, fantastic rooms very spacious. Full kitchen and washing machine. Great location subway is across the street walking distance to the Brooklyn bridge and battery park. Everyone who works there were so friendly and helpful. Would love to return
bubble_50	This place has only just opened and its really cool.  We had a 2-room apartment which was perfect for a family of 4, its a proper apartment space, it doesn't feel like you're in a hotel.  The design is chic but practical and the space was huge, much bigger than I was expecting in NYC.  I was a bit concerned about the location in the financial district, I thought it would be a bit deserted overt the holidays but actually it was perfect.  There are lots of places to eat nearby and you're only a 10 minute walk from World Trade Centre, the metro is just across the road and South Street Seaport it really close too.  The staff were very friendly and helpful with good tips for places to eat as well as travel tips.    I'd highly recommend this place especially if you're travelling with
bubble_50	The suites are very large ,well equipped and kept very clean by a very friendly and efficient housekeeping staff.  We were a little concerned about staying in the Financial District ,thinking it may be too far from everything but with the Wall Street Metro just across the street we travelled quickly and cheaply to Times Square ,Empire State Building etc with ease .  We were delighted to find the Seaport around Fulton Street only a few blocks from the hotel ,great restaurants ,coffee shops etc .  The Reception Staff could not have been more helpful and made us feel very welcome   We would definitely recommend this hotel and will return.
bubble_50	After weeks of looking for a reasonable hotel for a reasonable amount of money, it was beginning to look like an impossible ask when Q&A appeared in my searches. I was apprehensive when I couldn't find anything about it online but when I read that it was a brand new hotel opening I decided to take a risk.  It paid off. And then some.   My cousin and I were travelling to New York to meet another cousin there, she arrived a day earlier than expected and decided to stay in a hostel for the night but had a large amount of luggage since she was returning home from travelling at the end of our trip, she didn't feel comfortable taking it all to the hostel so she contacted the hotel who very kindly agreed to look after her luggage for the extra night before we checked in.   On arrival
bubble_50	Visited NY to celebrate my wife's 60th birthday and our 42nd Wedding Anniversary. Upon our arrival and throughout our stay the reception staff were very helpful, even taking us to Wall St Stn to obtain metro tickets. Fantastic bed and room kept impeccable. Some good restaurant's pubs and grocery stores nearby. Ideal for Wall St. Pier 6 Liberty Helicopters, Statten Island Ferry and 9/11.  Special thanks to;  Marshall. Hahn. Jason. Corey. Khalif. Anna Grace and the domestic staff.    Should be good when viewing lounge and restaurant open 2016.
bubble_50	Thank you for a wonderful stay. We were there the weekend of Dec.12th to celebrate my birthday and had a great visit. The loft studio was beautiful, very roomy and spotless. We loved the modern decor.  The kitchen area has everything you would need. Bathroom and closet were spacious as well. The hotel is located in a quiet and safe area and the staff was so friendly. We hope to stay again soon. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Booked this hotel in September with my boyfriend and it wasn't due to open until late November so we were taking a huge risk. However, the price was too good to turn down and the risk most definitely paid off. From the moment we got there, the staff made us feel so welcome. From the receptionists to the cleaners to the doormen.   The apartments themselves are extremely spacious. Had all the necessities (iron, robes, slippers, hairdryer etc) as well as a walk in wardrobe, a fully equipped kitchen area, king size bed, huge bathroom and an office area. The hotel also provides a continental breakfast from half 6-10 with free wi-fi and newspapers which set us up nicely for the day.  In my opinion, the hotel is situated in the perfect location. Right on Wall Street and directly
bubble_40	I stayed at the hotel a few days ago and it was a pretty good hotel in Wall St. which is safe area. At the time I stayed at the hotel, not all the rooms were ready. Some rooms didn't have lock installed and were in preparation although it was not thing to do with my stay.  Wall St. Subway station(2,3) is very near the hotel but the door to the station was not open in the morning about 10 am.   Since it's a residental hotel, there is kitchen (not separated from the bedroom) which has microwave, oven, induction, fridge, cutlery, all kinds of knife, frypan and plates. So if you want to cook by yourself, you only need to buy ingredients and seasoning including salt. There are a few big supermarket nearby such as Jubilee market place and Key food supermarket. They have a variety of
bubble_50	I stayed at Q&A last week when I was in NYC on business.  I can't recommend it enough!  The units are huge! I stayed in a 1 bedroom + den.  Lots of closet space and a good size and well appointed kitchen.  The staff was so nice.  They recognized me and always said hello.  The level of customer was top notch!  Johanna and her staff are just great!!  Location is good,especially if you have to be in the Wall Street area. Even if you're not, the 2/3 train stop is just across the street, so it's super convenient.    I  come to NYC on a very regular basis and I will definitely be returning to Q&A!  Thanks for a great stay!
bubble_50	Very attentive service with a can-do attitude. Friendly staff that go out of their way to help with directions and recommendations. That alone gives this place 5 stars. Location is good, close to several subway stops 3-5 min by walking.   Quiet area at night as its the financial district- can be a pro or con depending on what you're looking for. Rooms are spacious and modern. Appreciate the kitchen and generosity with plump fluffy towels. Nice interior decor and ambient lighting. Very large windows give it a luxe vibe and allow natural light to come in.   Complimentary breakfast with excellent pastries! None of them were dried out day-olds.   Business tech has fast computers, big screens, and always many copies of the New York Times hanging around. Fast complimentary wifi that
bubble_50	From the moment we arrived, we were treated like family and were provided with top notch service.  The employees came to know us and greeted us each time they saw us.  We stayed in the 1 bedroom/2 bath apartment. It was nice having a full size kitchen to cook and keep cold beverages.  The hotel is across the street from the Wall Street 2/3 Subway Station so we had easy access to get anywhere in NYC.  We also were able to walk to Freedom Tower, Statue of Liberty Ferry and the pier.  We definitely look forward to returning to NYC and staying at Q&A.
bubble_50	If your staying in new York, this is the place to stay, wall St station is across the road, and it has excellent links to get around the city. Studio are very nice and have all the equipment you need. The staff are excellent any help you need they are on hand, even down to printing maps off etc. All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting new York. Use the hotels taxi service as it's a lot cheaper than getting your own. Thanks for an excellent stay hope to come again. Five
bubble_50	I was in town for my High School reunion and booked a 1-Bedroom for myself and an old friend. Even though the hotel was still in opening mode, we had a great experience.  The room was much larger compared to typical NYC hotel rooms and had a full apartment-style kitchen.  Also, it's an awesome Art Deco building in Lower Manhattan.    Anna at the front desk was nice enough to bump us up to a 2-Bedroom upon our arrival which made our stay that much better.  Otherwise, the location is a great jumping-off point for touring NYC.  I took my friend to the Statue of Liberty, Freedom Tower, etc.  All in walking distance.  I fly in from LA 4-5x a year on business and will be staying at the Q&A again.  Thanks to the staff for the warm welcome.. Johanna and Jason especially!
bubble_50	I had the great fortune to stay at the Q&A Residential Hotel last week for four nights and found this gem a true treasure. From the superlative service of the staff to the cleanliness and new-ness of the room, I felt at home almost immediately. The property's full kitchen allowed my friend and I to cook and eat our Thanksgiving dinner in our spacious room/suite and then relax on the comfortable couch watch football on the big screen TV. I cannot wait to stay at the Q&A again. I HIGHLY recommend this property!!!!
bubble_40	Took a gamble on this one because it had no reviews at all when I booked. It paid off... fantastic new set of serviced apartments just off Wall Street. The staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms are immaculate and comfortable.   Just outside the hotel is the Wall Street subway station which gives you easy access to explore all of Manhattan. The river taxi service is a ten minute walk and from here you can get on a boat and visit the Statue of Liberty  The only negatives I can think of are: the breakfast is nothing special (coffee and a danish basically) and the WIFI is a bit clunky. It works but the login process takes about 10 minutes per devise and for the first few days I just gave up and assumed it wasn't working.   All in all fantastic place to stay
bubble_50	I had a very small surprise birthday gathering my fianc threw for me  at this hotel .from the friendly security to the over accommodating staff this was the best birthday i have had. The  room was well kept very modern with plenty of room for 7 to 10 people to move around   Appliances worked great and they had everything from pots and pans to wine glasses. hall was very quiet so it really felt like you own apartment . The staff especially the hotel manager Johanna  made sure are stay was great the only problem we experience was the wifi which the staff tried everything to fix the problem for us overall if you looking for apartment living hotel this hotel is for you will be looking to book this again for new years
bubble_50	Only just got here but first impressions are I love this place. Three floors of this iconic skyscraper are dedicated to the hotel (3-6) and I'd have to say they are decked out perfectly. The staff were great on arrival, especially as it was past 1am when we checked in. Will be getting up in a moment to have breakfast and check out day one in this amazing city.
