bubble_20	Booked on booking.com I guess they havent updated the profile as free snacks,wine, yoga mats etc promised were not provided. The hotel looks very dated. Door staff pretty useless didnt even help with our bags. The TV would randomly stop working. Card machines did not work on check out, told we were receive a receipt via email which we never received. Pillows were uncomfortable. Sometimes would take the shower ages to get hot.  Amazing location however. Very close to a great subway line. Cleaning staff were superb no problems whatsoever.
bubble_20	This place is tired and shabby. The bed is very comfortable but the shower is a dribble. I asked for a non feather duvet when I arrived - which they didnt provide. Went out today at 9am and did not leave the do not disturb sign on the door. Got back to find someone has been in my room, not to make it up or replace the tea/coffee/toilet roll but they appear to have been in and then put the do not disturb sign on my door. Feel very uneasy here
bubble_50	We stay 3 Nights there and it was a Great stay .Close to many highlights .Good Connection to the Subway .20 min to Brooklyn 15-20min to Midtown. Malik from the reception loves his Job and do all for the guest. Next Time we stay there too. Great Place to stay . Rooms got nuff Space and very good Standards. Thx once Again to Mailk  Props from Germany .Ben
bubble_30	I love the location, I stayed here when it was a Club Quarters all the time. But they've shut down the filtered water stations on each floor, and every night so far the television just doesn't work. This morning a tech came and I could watch election results before heading out, but tonight? Doesn't work again, and what a surprise yet again there is no one available to fix it. My colleague heard other calls about it in the lobby too. The TVs worked fine before-- can the Radisson co. really not figure out basic TV + remote control technology? The staff is great but obviously the corporation in charge has some problems.
bubble_40	Much better position than I thought it would be - easy to get up town and plenty of places to eat around the hotel...Easy to get to Battery Park and 9/11 buildings etc.... Hotel service was good, gym and spacious junior suite (unusual for NYC)
bubble_50	The hotel and the staff at the Radisson were amazing.    They went out of their way to accommodate us during our stay.   We were running the NYC Marathon and miscalculated the extra time we would require post race to get back to the hotel.    When we realized, we spoke to the front desk and they immediately made arrangements so we could keep the room a little longer.  This helped with showering and changing post race.    They went above and beyond what you would expect and they will be our go to hotel for future stays in the city.    The room and location within the city also can't be beat.  We were steps away from the 2 and 3 trains and the 1 train was a couple hundred yards away.
bubble_40	We spent 6 nights at the hotel with my wife ant 12yo son, in a junior suite. At arrival, the room was not ready although we announced a late check-in (10:30 PM) and we had to wait two more hours to get the bed sheets for the sofa bed (the clerks, very kindly, explained that the wait was due to a change of shift). Beds are very confortable, including the sofa bed. Except for this problem, tha stay was pleasant, mostly due to the excellent location of the hotel. Indeed, it is located at only a couple hundred meters from the NY Stock Exchange, in a neighbourhood with tall modern and old skyscrappers, at a very short walking distance from the World Trade Center. If you like to walk, you can walk to SOHO, TRIBECA, Little Italy, Chinatown, the Brooklyn Bridge and Lower East Side. The
bubble_20	Very unsatisfied for a 4-star hotel... Radisson is no longer a prestige hotel...  Old building and no one to help and greet you at the entrance while there is stairs so you have to climb with your heavy luggages by yourself...
bubble_30	The carpet was not clean.   The shower was not clean - mold/mildew and soap residue.  No hot water in the morning.  Staff was fine.  Coffee machine in lobby was broken.  Really need to invest time in cleaning, etc.
bubble_30	We booked when this hotel was part of the Club Quarters group. Emailed on the morning of our scheduled arrival to advise we would be a late check in. Response informed us that Radisson had now taken over but they would honour our booking.   On arrival in pouring rain and after a long day we found the internet down which meant we couldnt complete a check in, and they couldnt give us room key cards. We were shown to our room which was much smaller than we had expected, double bed when a twin room had been booked.   We decided to take the room, partially due to being tired and soaked, it was ok. Very small with a double bed which was almost as long as the room with a narrow area to get to the other side of the bed. The air conditioning was so noisy it drowned out the tv so we
bubble_20	When we checked in, we were told that the computer system was down, and as a result there is no internet, no key access to the room and no checkin (which meant a staff member had to escort each and every guest to his/her room and open the door with a master key. While these things happen, having this situation for well over 24 hours is outrageous. Needless to say, no compensation was offered. Our room was dated, with old beds and furniture, but the thing which bothered us the most was that a constant (I mean 24 hours a day) noise from an outside generator of sorts was ever present. When we asked reception about this, they weren't surprised, and said the hotel was fully booked. In other words, the hotel knew full well about the noise issue, but had no hesitation selling this room
bubble_50	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I found the bed to be particularly comfortable. It is also located right beside a subway station and very close to a great bar called the dead rabbit. If you want to be in the financial district, it is perfect.
bubble_10	We arrived to hotel after a 26 hour flights from NZ at 1.15am in the morning and were asked to wait in foyer while the night manager worked on their 'check in system', After 30 minutes I asked could we PLEASE check in and was told can't as system still down and he was going to call the IT department - I suggested calmly that IT department wouldn't respond at 2am and he said  they would. At 2.15am with no sign of being checked in I went to desk and ask if they could cancel our booking and we would find another hotel. He suggested he transfer us to Radisson midtown and I said no we are out of there. Luckily found another hotel that could accommodate us at 2.30am. I emailed the Radisson Wall St 4 times - both through booking.com and directly over next 2 days - got a reply 2 days
bubble_20	We have very mixed feelings on this hotel. The location is excellent and the rooms are a very good size for Manhattan.  The downsides.... no safe in room, noisy air con, cleanliness questionable, the middle left shows incorrect floor, bathroom is dated and the door does not latch. The most frustrating is we lost a garment (must have been taken with the sheets) and we had to report it twice. The first time are concern was clearly ignored and no action taken. The second time the receptionist reported it but again non committal to get the item back. This is frustrating and upsetting losing an item of clothing. Being a radisson rewards member and staying at many in the chain I feel this particular hotel does not belong. In summary the hotel rate feels very high for what you get.
bubble_10	This is what happened last week:  When I checked in, I was shocked to hear the front desk person telling other people that they were not honoring anything from booking.com, hotelstonight and they were overbooked.  He asked me who I booked through and when. I said hotels.com and over 2 months ago.  He said ok, but there were a few other people who came in and said the same thing. He said please go sit and we'll figure this out, but we are not honoring anything from booking.com. Also hotels.com said parking was included they were not honoring it.   The front desk man checked us in and told us we have room 910.  The lady next to me said that they just flew in and what are they supposed to do.  The manager on shift came over and he told her we are not honoring booking.com and she
bubble_40	We stayed in this hotel for a week and our experience was positive.  First of all the location is just great. Our purpose was leisure. It was easy to travel around by subway (around the corner), citybikes and .... not to forget NY Waterways. Pier 11 offers various connections such as to Williamsburg (part of Brooklyn and a must go), 39th and 90th street.  The staff was friendly and very helpfull. The room was spacious and very clean. The bed was very comfortable and we also liked the bathroom and especially the excellent shower!  Unfortunately there was no fridge in the room which would have been welcome but in the hallway cooled purified water was available at all times. The rooms are noisy. We were lucky to have a neighbour on one side only moreover being people who did not
bubble_40	Needed a hotel for a personal night before a work trip to celebrate my sisters birthday.  Since it is NYC that room was very small, but quiet and comfortable.  I did like that they had a station in the hallway to fill up a water bottle, which they provided.  I changed to a Radisson the week before my reservation so not sure if that upped the quality or not.  Everyone was very nice at the front desk.  Easy to catch a cab or uber or lyft and right next to subways.  I recommend if you just need a basic place that won't break the bank.
bubble_20	Definitely overrated. The room itself is acceptable, however, the bathroom is not. The bathroom is old and dated and poorly designed. Towels are horrible, rough, old and worn. Surprisingly the shower head and water pressure is reasonable. The room is of a good size and nicely presented, moderately clean. The bedding can be old and worn and AC is very loud. Wifi is painfully slow. Upon arrival a service charge is required of $20USD per night, which is not mentioned anywhere upon booking and the hotel does not provide services such as a swimming pool or sauna to justify this massive charge per night. The staff are not particularly helpful, particularly on arrival where luggage must be carried up a steep staircase.
bubble_30	If you are visiting New York on business and need an efficient hotel reception / switchboard this might not be the best choice. A colleague was staying in the hotel and I called three times from the UK -- and each time was told she was not in the hotel. When I insisted that she was they hung up. Eventually she texted me her room number. so I was able to reach her.  I complained to the young lady who was in charge of reception about this but it was obvious that she did not give a f...k,.
bubble_30	I stay in NYC frequently (and grew up there). Location is handy if you want to visit WTC and Wall Street area. But for accessibility to restaurants and shopping I prefer Midtown East.   Rooms are small and basic.   AC worked well though cycles on and off - but not super loud. Good blackout curtains. Biggest gripe is the rooms dont come with a safe. Thats basic.   Also, you enter off the street and need to go up 6 stairs to lobby. There always was 1-2 hotel staff at he top of he stairs, but they never helped people get up he stairs with their bags. They really didnt look busy at all either.   Rate was good but will avoid next time.
bubble_10	How many floors can a cockroach climb?, I wondered as I left my room to request another one. It was my first morning at the hotel and a large, brown, hard-backed cockroach appeared in my bathroom. Shaken after killing it, I thought moving to a higher floor may be a better option.   The staff member at the desk didnt offer me an apology. She did suggest it may have been a water bug but frankly I didnt care at that point. I know the size of what I had seen and it was large. She said they would give me a new room and have the key ready when I returned from my meetings. Later that day I returned to the hotel to quickly pack and change rooms. However when I opened the door of room #2, I realised that it was already occupied. Someones luggage was there, the lights were on and the
bubble_30	Room was ok, average.  Elevators would jerk and not tell you the correct floor that you were on.  TV remote broken.  Purified water dispenser hardly put out any water.  One morning there were no coffee cups by coffee maker in lobby, had to wait 15 min for cups.  Another day the coffee maker did not work.  Hotel ok for place to crash for the night, but thats it.
bubble_20	This hotel was a disgrace. I booked an executive room and was put into a tiny box room. When I complained they put me in a large room that smelt of damp with the loudest, oldest air conditioner ever. There was no executive lounge either. I booked a room with breakfast and there's no restaurant. Just a bar next door that I had to pay at!! There was no baths at all in the hotel. No safety deposit boxes and they couldn't even give me a kettle. If this is Radisson's idea of a joke then it's not very funny. I feel very let down and I paid over $700 for a weekend. Isn't it illegal to charge for breakfast when there isn't a restaurant and you have to pay again?  I'm a Radisson gold card holder and have never complained before but this has out my right off Radissons.  If it wasn't for
bubble_40	This has the potential to be a really good hotel. I don't think it's quite there.  The location is unbeatable and the staff were lovely, and I found them to be very helpful in giving advice about what was in the area and getting around the city. There was a slight problem with our room when we arrived - the fridge door wouldn't close - but it was fixed very quickly. The room itself was surprisingly large for a hotel in such a central location in New York.  Room service is provided the Bailey restaurant, which connects with the hotel. The evening meal we ordered was grand, but the breakfast was a bit lacklustre, mostly because it's limited in what's on offer.  However, the building really needs a refresh. The rooms and, in particular, the common areas feel tired. We were a bit
bubble_40	Like many other reviewers, we booked this hotel when it was a Club Quarters.  We booked mainly because of location, but to be honest the draw had been the free wine oclock, water, snacks etc as advertised - made it stand out from the many other hotels around the area.  I was concerned to find out totally by accident that the hotel had been taken over by Radisson a week or so prior to my stay (and the loss of the free wine :-)).  On arrival the staff were very helpful, it was clear that the hotel will soon be made over and I am sure will be stunning.  We had a twin room on floor 5 with a view of A/C equipment and pipes etc.  To be honest, that didnt bother us as we spend so little time in hotels rooms in NYC, its just to sleep and change.  The room was quite spacious
bubble_40	We originally booked this hotel when it was still a Club Quarters property, but the hotel was sold to Radisson before we even got to NYC. Was a bit disappointed to find out that some of the amenities offered by CQ were no longer available: free afternoon snacks and wine hour, among others.  Nevertheless, we still had a pleasant stay for 9 nights. The room was basic but clean. There was a water dispenser on our floor where we can refill our own water bottles anytime we pleased (saved us from buying water). Free coffee (via a Keurig coffee machine) and tea were also provided throughout. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom clean and complete with amenities and the TV in particular was huge (too big in fact for the small room LOL).  The best part about this hotel was the location.
bubble_40	We originally booked as a Club Quarter Hotel. But when we got there it had changed to a Radisson.  The free m and m where gone.  But the free coffee and water was still avaliable.  There is also a ice machine on floor 3  As for the room it was compact but suitable for our needs. The carpet defo needs replaced as it is starting to show its age and it looks like whi ever repainted the room did not do a good job of protecting the carpet from splashes.  The bathroom was suitable only issue was you cannot adjust the shower pressure only its temperature.  There is no safe  There is no fridge  Overall the room was clean.  One serious issue we had was the housekeepers didn't close our door after servicing the room, our door needed pulled hard to shut. I did inform reception regarding
bubble_40	Great hotel for a long weekend in NYC.. I originally booked the hotel as Club Quarters but they recently changed management to Radisson, and it felt like there was a bit of a transition period going on, so some of the perks like coffee to go and wine hour were no longer available.  Still, the hotel was nice.. great staff from the moment I walked in, there is some door security I always had a giggle with and were really nice.. the room was very basic but just needed a few touches which I reckon will come as the new ownership takes hold. Shower was amazing, really comfy bed, housekeeping every day, and Rituals toiletries left every day.. air con a little loud but so powerful you only needed it on for 5 minutes!  I'd stay here again, great location in FiDi, right by Fulton St
bubble_30	I booked my stay many months in advance. A few days before I arrived the hotel was taken over by Radisson. Many of the perks of Club Quarters hotels were no longer available. But on the positive side I was not charged a nightly resort fee. Things such as checking in & collecting luggage were a little chaotic. Service & housekeeping a little hit & miss. I felt sorry for the staff who were having to manage with incomplete information due to the change from CQ. If my experience was due to the handover & represented initial teething troubles Id stay again. Rooms were fine & location really handy for the subway & various eateries.
bubble_50	The check in by computer, a d the help of the concierge was quick and painless. The happy hour wine was great. Goes well with the free m&ms and dried raisin bread. Diane Reed next door. Food trucks and subway 2 blocks away. Also many food places off water st. Riom was clean, small-normal and quiet. Did have granola bars and fruit for breakfast. It was great
bubble_30	Booked in an area we usually stay but usual hotel was fully booked. Location is perfect for metro, sightseeing, downtown and getting around the city. Cant beat that. Hotel room ok.... a/c very noisy (but when isnt it?), bed comfy, bathroom small with shower only, but good and clean. Large screen tv, tea/coffee maker. Housekeeping hit and miss. We think we had housekeeping but dirty cups not replaced, bin not emptied, bed kind of made. Would expect more to be honest
bubble_30	This is a mixed-feeling review. During my stay, new management took over the hotel. The first few days, when Club Quarters was owning / managing the place, this was a real nice hotel, nice staff and good services. When new management was installed (August 2nd), the ambiance changed completely.  From once day to another, the good things were gone. At the door, there were 2 (or sometimes) 3 security staff installed. Real big bouncer with dark sunglasses, maffia types, unfriendly asking for identification. Every time, even if you were our of the hotel for 10 minutes, you had to show ID. Getting into a adult nightclub or WTC seems easier than into your hotel. At the reception, people had no clue at all. They could even could to activate a key card or check your credit card details.
bubble_40	A nice room, with a good bed. A 55" TV screen. Comfortable and spacious. It has at the corridor cold water 24 hs. Near the front desk, there is a big room with coffee, tea, fruits, newspapers and TV. Good location, with a subway station  within 30 meters.
bubble_40	overall a nice property. close to public transit, although quite a ways from the area airports. clean, comfortable room, good climate control. cold, filtered water dispenser in the hallway with available refillable bottles was a nice amenity, especially in the hot weather!
bubble_50	The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was small but clean and everything functioned as promised. My only gripe, and it's minor, is that the elevators took forever to get up and down the floors and one showed the wrong floor. I thought that was kind of amusing but it might frustrate some. They have a wine reception every night from 5-6 which is nice if you can make it back from your work site in time or you are on vacation. They have coffee and chilled water available. The fitness center had a nice variety of machines, even a peloton bike. I didn't get to try it out because someone else was using it when I was working out, but it looked like fun.
bubble_20	the room was very poor in quality, Very old light fictures, their is a hole in the wall, the rug had some white film on it. The TV was too high and the bed was too close to the bathroom you had very little room to go in and out.  The desk chair was very low compared to the desk area.  The closed was in awkward  space
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at Club Quarters Hotel. The room was clean, the staff helpful and the complimentary snacks and drink were a good thing to start the day with. The Hotel is just at the entrance to a metro station.
bubble_10	Check is process was fine. Hotel room smelled like body oder, the bathroom was from the 60s and shower got water all over the floor. This was a work trip, my colleagues all also had bad experiences, one had wet sheets, one had no hot water, one had fruit flies in her room. One afternoon was pouring rain, no umbrellas were available and when i asked for one, front desk person just said "no". Will not stay here again.
bubble_50	I like the new decor in the rooms a bit brighter than previous visits.  The rooms are comfortable and clean and I loved the new addition of the wine at 5 o'clock !  Good coffee machine in the room with decaf and normal.  Our aircon was a little noisy but so is NYC so we got used to it very quickly
bubble_40	Good location, clean rooms, modern environment. We recommend this hotel. We were surprised with a great happy hour (free wine! @5pm) and an amazing costumer service by Ardy - first Day working at the hotel and already making the difference! (Well done!!)
bubble_50	I checked in on July 11th and was happily greeted by Anthony and Ardance who wished me a happy birthday. The check in process was very easy and I was able to store my luggage while my room was prepared. I returned back that evening to collect my keys, found that this CQ hotel noted my preference of a high floor! The room I was allocated was amazing. I love the fresh interiors. The room was very clean. On the desk I found a very kind gesture from the staff - they had written a little happy birthday message and provided amenities to enjoy that evening.   Marcien at check out was very happy and helpful. I was able to store my luggage once again and returned that evening to use the living room briefly before leaving New York. The living room was always well stocked with snacks.
bubble_50	It's a great place to stay in a good location, with lots to do around Wall Street, 9/11 memorial, good restaurants and shopping nearby. The seaport and bike and walking paths nearby.  I have stayed her multiple times, winde a 5 and snacks all day long a plus.
bubble_40	Quite good - not as high end as depicted online and had some minor shortcomings, but quite satisfied overall. Would do with some refurbishing and increased amenities.  Friendly and helpful staff.  Well located.
bubble_30	People are really nice, however only one elevator goes to the PH floor and takes a really long time to open. Staff will use the elevator and lock it for long periods of time and won't say anything unless you ask. Room had water leaks and stains
bubble_50	Comfortable rooms with all you need for a great price for NYC!  I have to stay at a hotel that offers government rates.  The Club Quarters hotels offer a great value for NYC - the rooms are comfortable - great mattresses (I always sleep well), have plenty of outlets for all your tech devices, there are snacks in the living room and a happy hour (haven't been able to partake).  I especially appreciate the filtered water and bottles that are available to travelers.
bubble_30	AC was either too warm or cold, and the unit dripped water on the floor. The thermostat was difficult to operate, wouldn't keep a consistent temperature set on the readout. It kept jumping to 72 no matter what I input.  Ugh!!
bubble_50	I enjoyed my stay, room was clean and comfortable, they have good snacks, location is excellent, lot of eatery options around this hotel, shops around, easy to navigate in financial district from this location. I will book this hotel again.
bubble_50	My son and I stayed at this hotel and we were very impressed. For the price, it is very clean and comfortable with decent size rooms.  The subway lines 2 and 3 are just right around the corner making it very easy to go around the city. Very good location in Financial District close to the Oculus, New York Stock Exchange, 9/11 Memorial, etc.  However, it is not too crowded with tourists and you still can get a feel of what the city is really like.  They also have complimentary snacks, fruits, drinks and coffee in the lobby for the guests.
bubble_30	I have stayed with Club Quarters in NY World Trade Center and San Francisco before and was pleasantly surprised how lovely the staff and service was, this Wall street location therefore was a let down.  I arrived from an overseas flight 18 hour journey and exhausted at check-in they gave me keys to a 16th floor room with a guest already in it.  After startling both myself and the other guest in my room as I was trying to break into her room, I returned to the lobby to a very rude, unapologetic flippant young clerk who refused to believe there was someone in the room, then refused to say sorry and though I had prepaid was not sure she had another room for me, then stated oh good at least I have another room, no big deal, no problem.  She was so arrogant and un-service oriented
bubble_40	Room was significantly bigger than I expected. Staff were great and the club room was well stocked with coffee, fruit, drinks and other snacks.     There are about 3 different stations nearby that get you to midtown very quickly.   Would stay again.
bubble_40	Stayed 2 nights at Club Quarters with my daughter.  Room did not come with a refrigerator & needed one for my daughters medication.  Called the front desk & they provided one.  Room was small but clean.  Very close to my office so would definitely stay again & the rate was very fair.
bubble_50	Incredible Staff wonderful hospitality Christina, Lauren, Lydia, Kiki, Dwayne, Antony and Ley were all above & beyond.  Had to change the reservation very easy to do.  Arranged recommendations for the areas best Pizza!
bubble_40	Excellent service at the desk.  It couldn't have been better.  Someone could have warned us that we needed to scan our key in order for the elevator to stop on our floor. Snacks and the lounge were very nice and welcome.
bubble_40	In a city as pricey as NYC, a decent hotel with reasonable rates and clean, comfortable rooms is something to be appreciated. Club Quarters in the Wall Street area offers just that. THis hotel is less fancy than its sister property at the World Trade Center and you don't get the views from the rooms here that the WTC site offers but rates here are lower.   Rooms are simply outfitted but comfortable, with good carpeting and beds and a spacious-enough bathroom with a nice shower stall. Nothing fancy but it's good value for the rates.   There's also a fitness center and a guest lounge where you can get complimentary coffee, tea, fruits and snacks throughout the day. They have water purification dispensers on each floor, along with empty bottles that you can use.   One caveat: The
bubble_50	Great value! Daily wine hour is amazing, room was very clean!  There were snacks available 24/7 in the living room area, there was a water bottle station for refills on every floor and the room was way bigger than expected.  Best deal in NYC!
bubble_10	Several issues in the room. First a leaking bathroom (from the ceiling) that destroyed all bathroom items. Then a room that smelled like fuel oil. Zero accountability to handle the issue. Checked out of the hotel early (as they would not provide a clean room that did not smell like fuel oil) and they still charged full rate. Hotel staff not helpful.
bubble_50	We took this trip to visit two museums in the Battery Park area.  Because of the excellent location we were able to get in a game at Yankee Stadium.  Staff is very helpful and rooms are clean.  There are no added costs.  Excellent value!
bubble_50	Headed to NYC for my birthday with a group of friends.  It turns out that you can get some fantastic hotel deals in lower Manhattan near Wall Street.  I came across Club Quarters Wall Street.  Last year we tried it out and it did not disappoint.  Everyone there is SO nice.  The hotel is cool and modern.  The rooms are just right and clean and upscale.  This year we went back and had the same awesome experience.  The subway is very close so you can reach pretty much any part of NYC you want to visit.  We will be back next year!
bubble_50	Our first time staying but not last. Great location near Bryant Park or Grand Central and Times Square Subways.  Great walking neighborhood with access to everywhere.  A complimentary glass of wine is offered each evening. We were very pleased.
bubble_50	I brought my 17 year old daughter to NYC because she wanted to experience the "city life" of the city.  I chose club quarters as our hotel because of the reviews online, the location, and the price.  I had no idea what I was going to encounter.  From the moment we walked in the doors to the very last minute of checking out the hotel was TOP NOTCH.  Every person we countered here were so helpful.  The place was clean, up scale a 1 minute walk to the wall street subway.  Easy on easy off.  The thing I loved was the water purifying system we had access too.  Every morning, afternoon, evening no matter what time of day your coming or going there were always clean recyclable water bottles to fill with fresh ice cold water to take on your trip.  Hands down we will be back and this is
bubble_40	Love staying at this hotel because of the location and convenience. Staff are great and hotel is very clean. Walking distance to great shopping, restaurants, the broad walk, and Brooklyn bridge.  Easy to get around from this location.
bubble_20	The hotel is in a wonderful location and lots of aspects are good, including the people who work there. However, this is the first hotel I have encountered anywhere in the world that makes you pay extra for fitness facilities whether you intend to use them or not. Whatever next?
bubble_40	This hotel is conveniently located in the financial district of Manhattan. The access to the subway, a wide selection of good restaurants, and a relatively quiet location made this a perfect pick for our long weekend in NYC. Club Quarters will definitely be at the top of my list for my next trip to NYC.   We had a minor issue with our room, which was quickly resolved, and the service staff was professional and welcoming. We appreciated the wine hour, and the snacks that were available during the day.
bubble_50	Very good hotel to stay. close to subway stations, walking distance to World Trade Center and 911 memory. not too far from piers to Staten Island and statue of liberty. Close to Brooklyn bridge for sightseeing.
bubble_50	Check in was easy, the rooms are nice and clean and they have a 5:00 pm happy hour (this means free wine and snacks for an hour. Starbucks is also easy to get to and you can get anything delivered to the hotel.
bubble_40	The room was fine. I think the air conditioner was a bit loud for getting a good night's sleep. Could have used a night light for walking to bathroom in the middle of the night also. I feel it would have been helpful if the staff knew what the juxtaposition of the rooms was. I was told the room I had was a water view. Not so, it face a huge windowed building.
bubble_50	Updated clean rooms. Very reasonable price. Friendly and helpful staff. Great location - close to Brooklyn Bridge, Wall Street, Battery Park, and World Trade Center. Very close to subway. Hotel is between two different subway lines. It's easy to get anywhere from this hotel. Highly recommend!
bubble_20	I stayed here for a work trip for 6 nights. I chose it because of the proximity to the venue I was running just off Wall Street.   It was perfectly clean and functioning. Although it advertises itself as a 'recently refurbished' hotel, I get the impression they only did a half-job. The lifts were slow and old, the corridor carpets were past-it, the air-conditioning was SO loud there was no way I could have it on at night, and my shower was only a dribble...  On the plus side, my bed was lovely, and the view of the brick wall was okay.   Luckily, work paid and I was barely there so the issues were not worth fussing over. However, considering the cost of it (okay - I know it's Manhattan) you would have thought they'd up their game!
bubble_50	Service was excellent.  Staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. Hotel was very clean and quiet. Lounge was very clean and welcoming.  Amenities were great.  Very close to public transportation.  Would definitely recommend.
bubble_40	Great hotel. No doorman or assistance bringing in luggage. The street was very narrow and could not accommodate someone standing outside.Room was clean and comfortable. Hotel had snacks available throughout the day and a wine hour in the early evening. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. Hotel within close proximity to subway station.
bubble_30	Nice hotel. Great location. Very close to my office at 28 Liberty. Loved the happy hour.  The only issue is that itwasdifficult to sleep because the rooms have very Noisy air conditioning.  Staff was very friendly and courteous.
bubble_40	I think the bad reviews are relatively harsh as we stayed here for 8 nights in a standard room and it was lovely. Considering the price - the service, location and room was great. We arrived early around 11-12pm and were able to check in early without any extra charge. There are self service machines to check-in/check-out which is pretty convenient. We got a standard room and it was relatively large, clean and had everything we needed - a wardrobe to hang clothes, USB chargers and the bed was very comfortable. Front desk were always friendly and helpful and the hotel offers snacks, fruit, wine o'clock which is so nice considering it's only a 3 star hotel. Location was excellent - it was close to 3 subway lines and getting to Brooklyn/Midtown was very easy. We actually took the
bubble_50	We enjoyed our stay in this great location. We ate breakfast in the restaurant/ pub attached most days as it was good food and service.  As well as all the top attractions wed recommend a trip over to Governors Island, its a cheap day out with activities for all. Staten Island Ferrys also a must.
bubble_50	I wanted a hotel easily walk to Brooklyn Bridge for 4th of July fireworks. Its a perfect location. Also some subway lines nearby and close to the ferry terminal for Brooklyn. Even if  its not in midtown, easily access to JFK airport.  It takes more than 1hour but when you take J line you dont have to change the subways.   My room is enough space for one person. clean, neat, and comfortable and fine amenities.  Each floor has a chilled water server with water bottles.  Free coffee and wine service time in the lounge are nice addition for travelers.  I look forward to being back and strongly recommend others.
bubble_40	Good location - Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street is less than a 10 minute walk from The World Trade Center, also close to Wall street & Fulton St subway stations.  Clean room, decent bed, clean bathroom, free WiFi throughout the hotel. We used the comfy chair and mini-end table, that was handy. The desk/art desk logout was hipsteriffic. Lots of lighting choices - bright or just reading light.   Staff was nice & helpful.   Each room has  HD TV, iPod docking station, a desk, free coffee or tea Keurig - which is terrible for the environment AND you dont need Keurig because of the coffee cappuccino espresso machine downstairs in the lounge. The coffee machine had frothed milk, different coffee drinks.  Self serve and a lot of fun.   They also offer wasabi peas, M & Ms, granola
bubble_40	This property is clean, right near trains, and lovely little cafes and several CrossFit gyms, which was great as I'm a member and they were very welcoming to visitors. Rooms are clean, efficient, with smart amenities and quality bath and shower products. I recommend this location highly.
bubble_20	Beware room #1306 Stayed July 4th, 5th and left 6th. Gave a 2 star rating due to air conditioning. 1st night was ok but not a really a very cool room. 2nd night we got in very late and noticed both units in our room were not working right. One completely quit and one continually blew out room temp air only, failing to cool at all. Called main desk and said they would send someone up. We waited and no one came. It's now past 1:00 am. It was burning up in there. Suffered through the night. Wish we could of got a differ room but it was so late we gave up. When checking out confronted desk again about air unit and got a big whopping 20.00 facility discount taken off. Not normally a complainer but wow show some compassion. I guess if they were in the room they'd understand better the
bubble_40	I stayed here for 2 weeks. I opted for a standard room. It was clean but small. I liked the idea of having water machine and laundry facilities on site. I wish they had some quick complimentary continental breakfast as part of the package. Snack selection was limited and could have been better.  Thanks
bubble_20	We were visiting for the holiday weekend and wanted a hotel close in the Financial District so we could easily walk to the river for the fireworks. I loved most everything about Club Quarters Wall Street. Location and amenities, all were great....until we found out the air conditioning in the room didn't work. I called the front desk after a couple hours in our room after discovering the air conditioner wouldn't cool below 75. I was told that the thermostats are set to stay at 75. Well that was something I wish I had known before choosing to stay at Club Quarters!  After returning from the fireworks our room was now at 77 and stayed there or 78 degrees for the remainder of our stay until Sunday afternoon when we checked out. I spoke several times with various people at the front
bubble_40	This property was located close to all amenities and many attractions. Easy to access transportation or just walk to everything I wanted to see. Great staff, very helpful and informative. And the wine oclock was fun feature.
bubble_50	I stayed in club quarters for a month and the service was great. Dwayne, Lauren and Kiki were fantastic on the front desk and very helpful throughout my stay. Dwayne was especially welcoming when I checked in and throughout my stay was awesome. This hotel also has a good gym setup with Peloton bike, cable machine and dumbbells. Lastly, the location is great for getting around NY with a subway stop a minute walk away and battery park close by.
bubble_50	Club Quarter's location, design, and amenities are top notch. But what truly sets the hotel apart are the people who work there, specifically Anthony and Kiki. They both went above and beyond in locating an upgraded room for me during an extremely busy NY weekend. Two thumbs up (three if I had extra) for the hotel's recycled water bottles used in their free filtered water.
bubble_50	I have never stayed in a Club Quarters hotel before. I was very pleasantly surprised how awesome this hotel is.  The location is half a block from the 2 and 3 subway lines.  The room is very clean and the amenities are awesome. They serve a little breakfast free of charge and they have chilled water with free plastic bottles on every floor.  They also have a wine social from 5-6PM.  The front desk staff, Anthony and Kiki, are dynamic duo - they are very friendly and extremely helpful.  I will certainly stay here again. And if you can, a free upgrade to a suite for $50 is a great option.
bubble_40	We want the location which is convenient to the places where we want to go. With train ride nearby .Moreso with free lobby foods and drinks .Keep it up guys. Only negative is our room has no view which is blocked by other buildings.
bubble_50	We had never stayed at this brand before and chose the hotel based on location/convenience. Staff was kind, attentive & addressed requests immediately. Location was very close to subway. Loved the free lattes and snacks!
bubble_50	Staffs are super friendly and helpful, location is perfect. There is water server in every floor, so there is no need to buy water in supermarket.  Just only one complaint, if there were refrigirator in my room, it would be perfect!
bubble_50	The hotel is 1/2 block from a number of subway lines, within walking distance of many lower Manhattan attractions.  The room was comfortable and clean.  The morning coffee and fruit and afternoon snacks and wine was a nice addition
bubble_50	Great hotel right near the subway! Extra's to make your day go smoothly. The hydration stations are perfect for long hot days. The wine receptions, snacks, and coffee in the morning help to keep you refreshed after long days or before you get started.
bubble_50	CQ Hotel on Wall Street has blown my expectations for hotels out of the water.  I have traveled for years, and this hotel has exceeded my expectations on so many levels.  The location and the amenities are amazing, which include purified water, great tasting gourmet coffee 24/7 and not to mention wine every night.  Dwayne was one of the many staff members we met, who was kind, and provided my husband and I with excellent customer service.  We got to sit back and relax in the hotel lounge while he served us the wine of our choice at the usual 5 oclock wine hour.   We felt like kings and queens!   In summary, we absolutely loved it here, and definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good place to stay in New York City!
bubble_50	Consistently great service from staff and location make this hotel stand out from competition in the Financial District.  Comfortable beds, and nice option of snacks and coffee available in lobby combined with free wi-fi and chilled water keep me coming back!
bubble_50	From the time I checked in Dwayne was amazing had a great smile and warming presents. He always greets me when Im coming and going. My stay here was super amazing I will definitely be coming back.!!!
bubble_40	Stayed with a group of friends from Australia for a wedding.  Very friendly welcome to this small hotel tucked away just near Wall Street. Walking distance to Battery point & all the tours. Loved the lounge atmosphere, always a drink & snack to be had. 5pm - 6pm courtesy/happy hour. Dwayne was so attentive, making us feel very relaxed & welcome. Would definitely recommend to others.
bubble_50	So this was my first time participating in the complimentary wine down the hotel offers. Dwayne was hosting and omg excellent service. So kind and warm hearted, really enjoyed !!!! I look forward to visiting again!
bubble_50	Great Customer Service From Dwayne!! I have traveled to New York for work several times over the last year and will only stay at Club Quarters due to there great customer service. I always feel so welcomed and Dwayne always makes my stay worth wild with his excellent customer service
bubble_20	Its NOT worth the money for as small as it was for my daughter and I. I am a small lady, & to get to the side of the bed by the window, I literally had to turn side ways and inch my way at the foot of the bed because the room was barley wide enough for the FULL SIZE bed.
bubble_50	I loved the staff and their offerings! Their friendly faces in the morning were refreshing and their attentiveness appreciated. I particularly love Dwayne during the happy hour at the Hotel. More Rose please! No need to ask, he'd come over for a refill just as soon as my party and I were done. He knew exactly where the wine came from and offered a nice enthusiastic vibe during HH.   The rooms were beautiful. My bed was just what I needed after a day of heels around the city.  I wish I had a tub instead of a stand up shower but the water pressure and the toiletries were suburb. The TV connected to my phone and I was able to play my favorite Spotify playlists while getting ready. I didn't like that the TV was on the side of the bed, but overall you make due.   Each floor has a
bubble_50	Anthony was super gracious and helpful,I didnt  know my way around the area and without even hesitating Anthony knew exactly wheee I was going down to the step! The hotel was amazing , but whats makes a good hotel great is the staff. I will be back very soon! Thank you Anthony, youre hospitality was unmatched.
bubble_20	I had high hopes for this hotel chain but I ended up being disappointed during my stay. To start there were 3 elevators in the lobby. We happened to use the center elevator to reach the 10th floor. Unfortunately the digital readout for the floors was not correct and some of the lights on the elevator buttons were not working. We rode the elevator up and down for about 12 minutes before someone else boarded the elevator and informed us that floor 10 actually was reading floor 8 on the digital readout. Maybe someone at the front desk should have informed us ? The second problem was the Kerurig coffee. They only order breakfast blend and the coffee makers dilute too much water so the coffee tastes watered down. Maybe they should give the option of letting customers choose a bolder
bubble_40	Solid place to stay when doing business in financial district. Club room near lobby is always stacked with snacks. Quality gym for hotel size. Accessible to many train lines on Wall Street. Quality restaurant next door.
bubble_50	This is a place where you can kick back and enjoy the city, Its located in a great spot of Manhatan and very close to the subway. Excellent cleaning service, very profesional. We had a little problem with  the shower and the hotel service guy was very profesional and fixed it at once. No problem at all!!!
bubble_30	Hotels in NYC is simply expensive to begin with and you might pay a lot for some simple. This property is clean and decent sized rooms. So in this respect for the price you are paying, its not bad a deal. While there is subway nearby, you will end up taking the subway most of the time as its located on the southern part of nyc downtown. Note there is a compulsory facilities fees added per night which amounts to about $30 - so factor that into your price. Not sure what the facilities are for regardless if you use them. Might be better for the hotel to build that into the price. There is coffee and tea provided with cereal bars in the morning. Happy hour with wines served 5-6pm.  Service is just so so. Had to go to the Penthouse level when the only one lift that serves that
bubble_50	The rooms are quite large for New York standards and very comfortable. The hotel is very clean and close to quite a few restaurants, cafes and the subway. The only minor complaint would be that it can get pretty loud on the weekend evenings when they have live bands in the lounge downstairs but I slept fine with ear plugs.
bubble_50	Excellent stay at this great hotel. Room was bright and perfect for working during the day, and getting out quickly for the evening. Gym was perfect size with just enough cardio equipment and weights. Lobby was always stocked with healthy snack options and coffee machine with a latte option!
bubble_50	I love this place. I arrived in the morning and was immediately given a room. In most other hotels, they make you wait until 3 or 4 pm. At Club Quarters, they make a special effort to accommodate you.
bubble_50	Very good service , clean , close to Metro station (not mins but seconds ) right down the hotel ...very easy to go and explore everywhere at New York City .. Strongly recommended for travelers to stay here
bubble_40	This is a typical Club Quarters - it is not a fancy hotel but one that is perfect if you just need to find a hotel close to your clients.  The rooms are small but clean.  The free purified water coolers are great.  The bathrooms are small but adequate.  The staff is competent.
bubble_50	Niffy truly is the first word that comes to my mind when I think of this hotel. It has good prices, very polite, efficient service, large TV, window shades that totally block out light, WiFi, wine at 5 P.M. in the lobby...... I could go on. One last thing I have to mention, though, is that each floor has a station for filling water bottles - and they provide the bottles! Almost dont want to give this hotel such a good review, because I always want it to have an opening for when I want to go
bubble_40	The receptionist named Anthony greeted me a warm welcome to the hotel. The place is pretty impressive - neat and comfortable. Point of attraction is pretty close. As well as the subway. Its not your grand hotel but definitely recommendable.
bubble_40	I was upgraded to a larger room and it was perfect.  Clean!  Perfect lower Manhattan location.  Good rates.  Friendly staff.  I would definitely go back.  Not the hippest or coolest hotel in NY but who cares!  Dated decore but very clean.
bubble_20	The location of the hotel was great with only a 1 min walk from the subway. The beds were really comfortable also. Now for the negative the room had grim in the shower and looked like it had never been hovered. They offer you free water and wif but When we went to check out they stung us with a $65 bill for use of facilities that included WiFi and water. They have a gym and a yoga mat in the run that we didnt use but still charged us. The staff were rude and didnt acknowledge us when we came and spoke to them. WORST hotel Ive stayed in NYC would not recommend.
bubble_40	Good hotel for long weekend getaway. Located close to subway stations, friendly staff, efficient check-in and out. Had free wine between 5 & 6 pm every evening. Coffee and filtered water available with snacks.  Good stay.
bubble_40	Great room and room service. Great snacks freely available every morning. The staff were fantastic. The wine tasting afternoons were an event not to miss. Loved the location. The only negative note was the noisy air conditioner
bubble_40	Very well situated for Freedom Tower, Brooklyn Bridge, and Battery Park; and metro stations handy.  Great for the basic tourist stop, restaurant on site and supermarkets on two adjacent blocks.  Broadway just a step away.
bubble_30	I am an frequent CQ - Wall Street guest for work purposes.  However, when I recently went to NYC for pleasure, I was excited to book this property because their customer service is absolutely wonderful!  The staff overall is outstanding! Their attention to detail, readiness to greet guest, and wiliness to offer help, allows guest to feel welcomed!  I have taken a special liking to Marcein, Kiki, and Dwayne! There customer service is by far the best I've experienced! Before making CQ- Wall Street my hotel of choice (for work), I have stayed at several hotels (that are more modern), however the way I am treated as a guest is VERY important to me, and has put CQ - Wall Street at the top of my list! I appreciate those 3 member services representatives for making me feel "at home",
bubble_50	Everything was perfect  and the bed was super comfortable. The staff was very friendly. Loved the snacks and specially the 5pm time for the free wine! They have a gym so you dont skip your workouts! Loved it!
bubble_30	Great room amenities but extremely loud - housekeeping staff were coming and going to a closet that was located next to my room (and other rooms). The door would slam every time someone entered or exited. I was woken up several times.
bubble_40	The staff and especially Marcien was very warm, welcoming and accommodating! he answered all of my questions and fulfilled all of my requests!  The property is not fancy but clean and good for sleeping
bubble_50	Great spot near the world trade and battery park. Ask for Dwayne when you get here. Hes a great host that will make sure you have everything you need for a stay worry free stay.  Check out the happy hour from 5-6!
bubble_50	Really enjoyed my stay, and above all, the hospitality, professionalism, and warmth extended by Dwayne. He welcomed us and made our stay a great time, making the hotel more of a home Than a hotel. I wish him the best and appreciate his hospitality. Great stay.
bubble_40	The hotel is in a very great area, quiet close to metro, next to Exchange stock NY. The hotel is quite modern, offering a great service, even some snacks Anns coffee and tee for free. Only there is a strange smell from the bathroom. Otherwise 5*
bubble_30	Took my wife to N.Y. for her birthday. She had never been to N.Y. and we are clearing our bucket list. N.Y. down and more to go. She absolutely loved N.Y. and was satisfied with the hotel. It could have been a little bigger. The pictures gave a bigger perception than it actually was. Ultimately we were ok with our stay....
bubble_30	Good location, close to subway, in the heart of the financial district. water bottle fill stations on every floor, snacks available in lobby club room 24/7. Rooms & bathroom is very small, cheap pillows and sheets. only 1 Peloton bike, gym could use updating. no warm breakfast options available, only granola bars, apples and oranges.
bubble_20	The only reason one would stay here is because it is convenient to Wall st and the One World Center.  Other than that, there are several issues with this hotel.  Most blatant issue is it's dated.  The paint is chipping.  The water leaks.  The flow is interrupted if the next room flushes.  There are other issues but "dated" should be sufficient.
bubble_20	I traveled to New York to look for an apartment, and since I was looking in the Financial District, where better to stay than in the heart of it. This location could not be beat, it was in the heart of all the action. But then when we went to go stay in the room, it was not worth the price we paid. The air conditioning made so much noise it would wake me up and it was impossible to hear the TV when it was on. I had to choose between sweating in the New York summer heat or watching the NBA finals -- a choice nobody should have to make. The room didnt even have a mini fridge in it which is supposedly common for hotels, ive actually never stayed in a hotel that didnt have one. Then the club room they make seem so luxurious online actually just serves bruised bananas and m&ms.
bubble_50	This was my second time staying at Club Quarters. The desk staff have always been consistently friendly and helpful. The free snacks in the lobby are a great perk. The rooms are updated and modern, if small, and it's easy to sync your phone with the TV, or use the Club Quarters app. If you need some where to tuck into the Financial District for a work trip, Club Quarters is comfortable, restful, and easy.
bubble_40	Lovely hotel in the Financial District. Convenient in many aspects - location, microwave & fridge in room, separate living area with fold out sofa bed. Toilet was small but this was New York where space is premium.
bubble_50	Loved our short visit but it was made so nice by our stay here! Staff is so helpful and the snacks were so welcome,!Also the water bottles that are refillable was a huge perk! We found so many attractions so close and an easy walk!
bubble_40	Enjoyed my stay. The location was centrally placed so that I could easily travel to the various places throughout the city. I appreciate the front desk staff and the management staff. There was a regional manager on site who went out of his way to make our stay enjoyable.
bubble_50	We just came back from the most amazing weekend spent at the Club Quarters. First of all, the location is fantastic - right in the heart of the financial district, great dining options nearby (check out Stone Street for some great options, literally 2 mins walk away) with the World Trade Centre buildings and 9/11 Memorial just a stones throw away. Only 5/10 minutes from the Staten Island Ferry port, South Street Seaport and other great activities too.   The hotel itself was fantastic, providing snacks/drinks all through the day/night which was perfect for grabbing a little something on the go. The wifi was fantastic and all the staff were so lovely. Special shoutout to Lydia, who completely made our trip - she went above and beyond to ensure we had a perfect stay and made my
bubble_50	Great location; average sized but very well-appointed, clean, and comfortable room. Loved the real coffee mugs and glasses; not just ecological, but added a touch of home for this business-weary traveler. I didn't eat at the adjoining pub / brasserie but I ordered room service and the food was tasty and reasonably priced. Delicious filtered water on every floor!
bubble_50	Had a lovely stay at Club Quarters Wall Street. We received an upgrade before we arrived , also Thanks  to Lydia for the thoughtful gift I received for my birthday and also the . Enjoyed the water and snacks
bubble_40	I acutally enjoyed my stay their were only the issues with the bathroom but overall i had a great stay. My daughter really enjoyed the room and i was also able to connect my netflix and phone to the tv which was a nice touch.
bubble_50	Just a one night stay, but I really enjoyed it. Smooth and easy check-in and -out, and so much quieter than I expected. I knew a studio room would be small but didnt expect it to be so comfortable. The shower flow wasnt great, but a simple replacement of the shower head would fix that. And I love the Wall St location.
bubble_10	First, the negative policy of the hotel to charge me a facility fee of $19.95/night for access to the club lounge, gym and other hotel amenities (???). I was not informed from the hotel when I checked in that i will charged with 20$ / night. The reception only tell that require the credit card for safety reasons. And we did not receive any receipt or any other information when we checked out. The charge was carried out 4 days after our checked out.   The room is kind narrow. Do not expect too much space. You are in New York. The location is near to wall street, near to metro station, almost out of the hotel. Do not expect something really great. Is a simple room.  The hotel offers some fruits and snacks at morning and evening time and wine at afternoon, if you are there. These
bubble_50	I was amazed with this hotel. Perfect location half a block from the 2 and 3 trains. Most rooms are double beds so be sure to request the king if you are able it is amazing.   Free water and refreshments including light snacks and coffee and tea.  Service was a+++ every step of the way. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	We were only in NY for a 4  day trip, so chose the hotel completely on location, as we had a packed itinerary and didn't want to waste time traveling. The location was as excellent as we'd hoped, and so much more. The staff were all lovely but a special thanks goes to Lydia who went above and beyond to ensure we had a wonderful time - including leaving a sweet complimentary hamper in our room on my daughter's birthday - which was a lovely touch.  We were also impressed with the complimentary extras that the hotel provided, including snacks and drinks throughout the day in the lounge - from nuts to fruit and snack bars. They also have a complimentary wine hour at 5pm, but we didn't do this so can't comment other than to say that it seems like a nice touch.  Our room was spacious
bubble_50	Great location, had a good room large for NY standards and very clean. Nice to have snacks and coffee available at all times in the lobby. Great to have wine at five o'clock too. We would certainly stay here again. We also drank and ate at the adjoining restaurant where the staff were great.
bubble_30	I stayed in a 2-room apartment, a bedroom and a second room which included an option for 2 more people to sleep. The apartment has an espresso machine, refrigerator and microwave. The lobby has free coffee, fruit and all-inclusive snacks. Each floor has a cold water facility including bottles for filling. The hotel is close to several subway stations. 10 minutes from 9/11.
bubble_40	The hotel and rooms are good. The airconditioning is not. Of names to much noise to sleep. Because of it you wake up a couple of times at Night. So bring earplugs iff your sensitive to this noise. From this hotel its easy to Explorer NY. Metro is close and also places to wat.
bubble_40	The location is great for many of the sites downtown NYC.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They have a evening wine service from 5-6 pm which is great after a long day of site seeing.  The room we were in had very comfortable foam topped mattresses that really beat the hard mattresses you find in most European hotels.  The room could have used a safe for valuables and a small refrigerator for snacks or beverages obtained for our late night enjoyment.  The location made for an easy walk to several sites and the traffic was far less than mid-town locations.  Ask about amenities that you want before booking as what your room has is not as standard as most chain hotels.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here for a Memorial Day getaway. Location was great and we totally enjoyed our stay! Easily got to all the great sites in the city and the room was top notch. The free refillable water was great too.
bubble_50	It was a business meeting, so I didnt' need more than a shower and a bed, but the place also has a gym which was nice in the morning. There's no breakfast, but there are snacks and coffee for most of the day, until the evening. The location is great, close to Wall Street and a lot of other businesses, and is within subway range of everything else. Recommended.
bubble_20	The bathroom smelled like it was wiped down with a dirty damp rag. Shower pressure was pathetic. There were two guests in the room, they provided only one wash and face towel. The pictures online are deceiving. Wont be staying there ever again
bubble_50	A very nice hotel with excellent location with walking distance to many attractions. Clean room nice staff. Also very near to bus and metro stations. Steps from famous wall street and minutes from new world trade center.
bubble_50	Love staying at Club Quarters. Rooms are always clean. Bed and Pillows very comfortable. Nice snacks and amenities in the lounge. Staff is extremely helpful. Well located on Wall Street or World Trade Center.
bubble_50	We had a very comfortable stay at this hotel. The location was perfect within the financial district. The hotel offers a lot of free extras like water as much you want, or snacks and coffee. The rooms are a bit noisy if the neighbors are loud.
bubble_50	Everything was great, except a man walked into the hotel and asked me and my colleague to watch his computer.  We became very afraid.  However, we informed front desk.  Nothing came of it, but  I believe security should be added.
bubble_50	Had my first trip to New York, had an excellent time the staff here were great and Dwayne deserves a special mention for all his hard work, wine o'clock was a treat. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again if I am able to go back.
bubble_50	We had the best experience at Club Quarters Wall Street this past weekend. The staff was extremely friendly, especially Anthony who took care of upgrading our room before the trip. We got a family suite for 3 and it was very spacious and comfortable. The area we stayed in was quiet but a good walk to Chinatown. We definitely will come back to this hotel next time we visit NYC.
bubble_40	Hotel is fine, great location, very friendly helpful staff- thanks to Lydia and especially the night manager Laight (sp?) who did a great job resolving a difficult situation.  We can't thank them enough for this attention.  Also nice the tea, coffee and snacks in the lounge.
bubble_40	Club Quarters Hotels are always reliable. They are clean, well located and filled with amenities and comfort items. The only issue was that the room was a bit small, although the bed was comfortable and the hotel was very quiet.
bubble_50	Came here for the a trip to Manhattan for the Tunnel to Towers climb and Im so glad I was directed here from a third party site. Check-in was a breeze, the room was very small but very clean.   Amenities are plentiful here and the staff are absolutely amazing. DWAYNE THOUGH!! Dwayne made the stay; he was so engaging, friendly and humorous especially during the wine hour at 5pm.   The hotel industry needs more Dwaynes on their staff; he went above and beyond for us on the simplest of requests that housekeeping obviously forgot. Thank you for an enjoyable stay Club Quarters
bubble_50	Lovely hotel. Bang on wall st so great location. Comfy bed, awesome pillows. Good air con. Check in is quick and easy. Big up the free wine 5 until 6 and much love to Dwayne who took care of us the whole trip.
bubble_40	Good rates and accommodations supported by a welcoming and knowledgeable staff. We got in very late from a dekayed flight, had trouble with dishonest cabbie, staff helped us figure out the next step. We'll be back!
bubble_50	The Club Quarters Wall Street was excellent in every room. The clean small room was very well designed and suited our needs well. The large "living room" downstairs was a real plus. They served free wine at 5PM and had snacks and coffee available at all other times. There were lots of comfortable chairs and two nice computer stations. When you walk out the door you're about
bubble_50	Exceptionally great hotel! I travel often and was here for work due to the hotels' location. We arrived at 10 am and so kindly were able to get a complimentary early check-in. The staff was professional, warm and attentive. We left our bags and got settled in the room then walked to Pier 17 to tour around. The hotel has some great perks I especially enjoy for business travel. Quiet rooms, Water station in the hallway to refill and get fresh water bottles, App check-in & door key access, Coffee machine in room, 5pm Wine happy hour and 24-7 front desk who were kind and very prompt! The hotel has a car unloading zone out front which was great and not to busy. The Garage they work with offers 24-hour parking for $35 a day for a car. Great service and nice staff.  Checkout is 12 noon
bubble_50	We stayed here for 7 nights and can only recommend the hotel: the room was nice with a good view (19th floor), enough space, clean and well equipped!  The hotel offers fruits, coffee, tea, and cereal bars in the morning, snacks throughout the day and a wine hour on the afternoon. Plus, it has a water bar with filtered water on each floor which we highly appreciated!  The location is very good for all sort of trips: you can walk to battery park, the Whitehall terminal for SI ferry, 4 subway stations are within 5mins walking distance. Also restaurants are abound.  All in all, we can really recommend this place to stay!
bubble_50	When it comes time to check-in and the front desk is busy, you can use one of the self service screens to check yourself in. The location was super convenient as it was very close to several subway lines in the Wall Street area. There was plenty of dining options all within walking distance.  The room was pretty spacious, the bed sheets were clean, and the bathroom towels were clean. One of the perks with staying at a Club Quarters hotel is that you don't need to worry about purchasing drinking water. They have a chilled filtered water dispenser in the hallway.  Overall my stay here was near perfect. I would not hesitate to stay here again in the future.
bubble_40	Location was great. In the heart of Wall Street.  Customer Service was great as well. There was a delay in cleaning our room but Dwayne and Lauren gave us credit for the restaurant attached to the hotel. We had two room so they also helped us with get rooms close to each other. Definitely recommend the hotel for the price.
bubble_50	Top quality staff, equipment, room, linens etc... Excellent location to visit or a business trip in NY. Very generous and ever filled snack bar, coffee and more. Five stars treatment all along. Highly recommended to all and thank you to Club Quarters WS !
bubble_40	Not the cheapest but personal and room where very satisfying. Location is very central in lower Manhattan and there is a subway station just around the corner. The cleaning lady was very kind and did a very good job. I can be a bit of messy when on holiday ;-).
bubble_50	Great hotel and brilliant location. Really friendly and helpful staff checking us in and out. The free coffee and fruit in the common area were a lovely surprise. We would highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	Booked a double bed but ended up with a single bed and a roll away bed. At least we didnt get charged for the roll away bed. No check up on this after the initial night. Location was good, card was not needed to enter after midnight
bubble_50	I've stayed here 5-10 times in the last few years and am always happy with the location and service. This last stay was great since they upgraded me to a HUGE suite with super high ceilings! I wish I was able to stay longer and enjoy it more.
bubble_30	Well located , good people , needs more services (cooler, safety box)  There is a church close to the hotel , they ring the bell every 30 minutes ... hope you are not being staying in this side of the hotel
bubble_30	When we arrived there werent any rooms available. We were told we could go have lunch and come back if we wanted to. Then when we finally checked in a gentleman entered our room without knocking asking if we had a microwave and refrigerator. I had my young child with me and she or myself could have been getting dressed. Totally unacceptable!!! Also the second elevator kept skipping floors which Forced is to have to get off and walked up a few flights to get to our floor.(17th)
bubble_40	As I mentioned to my colleague who made the arrangements for me, I was well taken care of. The hotel was close to the venue for my business (Federal Reserve) so getting to an from was very easy. Good experience.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Club Quarters Wall Street for 4 nights in early May.  The hotel is in a great location within easy walking of lower Manhattan sites and very close to the metro for all others.  The staff were really friendly and the room was very clean and much bigger than i expected for the price.  There was no view from the window other than a wall but that was to be expected from the location/price!
bubble_40	Very comfortable room in heart of NYC financial district.The only drawback was there was no bath, only a small shower in the room.The positives were wine and snacks in lobby area every night at 5PM, water bottles for guests, and a lovely Irish restaurant at the hotels location.
bubble_50	I took my partner to New York for his 30th . We stayed and this hotel and loved it. The rooms have limited wardrobe space but we managed as we took extra hangers. The hotel is at a good location, close to the subway, 911 museum and easy to walk to China town and little Italy.  The refreshments on the ground floor were a nice touch, hot drinks, pop and snacks ( chocolate, fruit and nut etc). It was also a nice touch that they do free wine between 5-6pm. We also liked the refillable water bottles on each floor.  The staff were all very helpful, welcoming and professional. They helped us book our taxi and looked after our bags after check out.   The bed was comfortable, we also got extra pillows and a blanket. However there were no radiator in the room to dry towels.   We didnt
bubble_50	One of the nice things about this is it's nice and quiet. For a hotel in the middle of the hustle and bustle of downtown, the soundproofing must be excellent for I haven't heard a thing. The neighbourhood is full of activity as the hotel is on Williams St just paces from Wall Street. There's an embarrassment choice for subway travel and the breakfast room on the ground floor is very comfortable and the breakfast good. The room (on the 8th floor) is clean and tidy and of reasonable proportions. The bathroom is clean and the shower is sprightly. The bed is very comfortable and all is fine. I'm a happy guest.
bubble_50	The room was a little small for two but everything else was perfect.  Comfortable bed and nice linen and he room was really quiet despite the busy intersection below us. The staff at the desk were super friendly and I loved the espresso in the lobby.
bubble_40	Subway is in the back of building and just in several minutes for walking to downtown. Location is perfect and service is quiet good. Queen bed is still convenient  with Asia people like us and the room is fixed with our needs at that time for staying of sleeping only at night. Much appreciates for house keeping to proceed our order via Agoda to stay in high floor and in a quiet room. This hotel is one of our good memories of our first trip in NYC and U.S as well.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel in general. Spacious rooms, even though we did not go to the biggest ones. Couch and a desk is a huge benefit. Absolutely loved the small coffee table. Hotel offers nacks on the 1sf floor and water station on each floor. Very clean and with the comfy matress.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel in great location. Close to 9/11 memorial, wall Street and Brooklyn bridge. Rooms were very clean. All staff were welcoming and friendly. The free snacks and coffee was a lovely added bonus.
bubble_50	Terrific lobby area with a fabulous coffee machine and a wine hour in the pm. Healthy treats and good computer/printers available. Both comfortable and efficient rooms, simply but nicely furnished with excellent bedding, TV and shower.
bubble_50	Overall had a fantastic stay here. The hotel is ideally located close to Wall Street with good access to lower Manhattan and other areas. For central New York City, the room was large and serviceable. The free water was a nice touch and the gym on the third floor was brilliant for a morning workout. Would stay here again.
bubble_40	Very confortable and execelent ubication in Wall Street    The room have a nice kitchen,  ver y usefull. Service and  cleanliness ms excelente,and te ubication very near to the subway   and intestino places in south Manhattan.
bubble_40	My room was clean, comfortable, modern and with a nice view. Good snacks, free bottled water and good location, 10 minutes walking from WTC and 2 minutes from subways and 4 minutes from restaurants. The happy hour was a must! Concerning the staff, 90% is polite.... Warning: you will probably need a credit card to pay
bubble_50	The Hotel was the perfect choice for our first trip to NYC. The rooms were bigger than we thought and the beds were very comfy. You can get everywhere with ease because the hotel is next to the Subway Station. The hotel staff was very friendly and provided us with any information we needed. We will come back again!
bubble_10	I have stayed at this hotel a few times this year -- all for business -- and each time I am greeted with lackluster service, dingy accommodations, tiny bathrooms, and a lot of attitude about amenities and services which are included in the room's price. I left my most recent stay at this hotel with bug bites, so if you don't mind sharing your body with New York City's finest critters, then this hotel is for you.
bubble_50	This hotel offers superb customer service, clean and comfortable rooms, nice amenities, and it is very close to the biking trails that run along the Hudson and East Rivers. I also appreciate that they offer fresh fruit in the main lounge.
bubble_50	club quarters Wall street is very conveniently located for those riding in the 5 boro bike tour, near to the start and walking distance from the ferry (end of the tour).  I like the snacks that are available each day and the room tv is quite to my liking.
bubble_30	This is a decent place, but its small, narrow and without much light. Obviously, its in NYC downtown where there is a jungle of buildings and criss-crossing streets. Probably comparing to smaller cities that offer bigger roomier rooms with more light. I had a very small (albeit cozy) penthouse room.  Cozy place though. A place where you can check in and out yourself through a machine. No real breakfast on offer. Saw a gym but no time to use it.   Great location if you need to be in the financial district. A 5 minute walk to Pier 11.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay in Wall St.Club Quarters.  Rooms kept in top class order, clean and tidy. Th. receptionists were at all times friendly, efficient and responded to queries promptly. Tea, coffee and cereals etc were in plentiful supply in the breakfast room and regularly topped up. Club Quarters is an ideal base for a trip to Manhattan.
bubble_50	The staff was very friendly.  Room was clean and space was used well.  The wine at 5 and snacks were a nice surprise.  The fitness room was clean and had a good selection of equipment.  I enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.
bubble_40	Standard rooms are bit small but perfect for business trip of shorted days. If you are staying more than 2/3 go for suite or room kitchen items. Lovely staffs. Bars and restaurants near by. Hardly a km to WTC.
bubble_40	The hotel is in the Wall street in New York downtown, close to the WTC, the ferry station to Staten Island or to the Statue of Liberty. There are c. 4 metro stations in five minutes walk. The hotel is nice, the room is clean and comfortable. As there tall buildings all around, many rooms - at least ours was always dark. Our room looked towards a backyard. The room was basic but this was the one of the cheapest hotel in NY downtown. The staff was nice and helpful. All day long there was tea, coffee and water in the lobby and in the afternoon M&Ms, apples and some nuts.
bubble_40	During our citytrip we stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel in New York. This hotel is located near several touristic hotspots and metrostations. Also you will find several shops for buying food and beverages.
bubble_50	Our room was so spacious and the bed was super comfy! Free bottled water is available on every floor and free coffee, fruit and cereal bars are available in the lobby which is a nice touch.  USB ports are available at every socket to charge your devices without the need for an adaptor plug. Subway station very close by and easy to travel uptown.  9/11 memorials and Statue of Liberty tours are a 10 minute walk from the hotel which is great for tourists. Housekeeping provided a great service every day- fresh towels, clean surfaces and a made up bed were a welcome sight whenever we returned from a long day of sightseeing.
bubble_50	Highly recommend this hotel and the price was good for what you get! Oh and if you get to use the train system trains station is very close. For the rest pack your runners walk and explore NY Really enjoy our stay.
bubble_30	good location,  but that's it....small reception and front desk, no hotel bar, small room (i had a Suite with 2 rooms separated by a wall making 2 narrow rooms instead of one big room, etc...). why not remove the middle separation wall, and make a large bedroom with more space instead of 2 small narrow rooms for making a suite ?
bubble_50	I have only been at this hotel for a few hours but wanted to send a shout out to Renaldo before I forget! He checked me in and was so professional yet friendly. It was clear he is proud to work for this hotel. He provided me with great information, asked  if it was my first visit (it is), informed me about amenities I was unaware of, and made me feel like my business is valued. My work travel is significant and I stay in a lot of hotels- I very rarely write reviews but this young man deserves recognition.  As for other review notes: Great location (here for work at World Trade Center and it is easily walkable); clean room with great use of space; lovely view; plenty of restaurants nearby as well as on-site options.
bubble_50	I booked a room for my girlfriends birthday since we had a night in the city. When i checked in Dwayne was extremely helpful and explanatory. The rooms are upscale and cozy and the hotel has extreme convenience to the public transportation. Dwayne also happen to be hosting the wine hour(all you can drink wine), and was super nice. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend the night in the city at an affordable cost
bubble_50	I was serviced by Employee Dwayne who was very attentive and made sure me and my partner were satisfied. We were beyond pleased with his service and appreciate the wine refills :). Thank you Dwayne for being of such good service
bubble_40	The staff at the hotel were very friendly and efficient. The room was tiny as you would expect in the city. I was with my 10 year old grandson and we appreciated the hot chocolate, snacks, and coffee in the lobby. It was a great location because he wanted to see the statue of liberty and the 9/11 museum. We enjoyed a late night appetizer pizza in their restaurant. My only complaints were the very hard pillows (and no others were available in the hotel), and the fact that when we got back to our room at 3 PM, the housekeeping staff were just getting ready to clean it.
bubble_30	Club Quarters Wall Street - decent location very near the financial district. Hotel restaurant (The Bailey) was pretty good. Overall the place was decent but really needed maintenance and better communication.  Maintenance- Elevator is particularly run down, loose trim, etc. but kept clean. Just very old and worn looking. Same with rooms - clean but needed new paint, stains removed, things repaired or replaced.  Communication- check in was sort of oblivious at first then acknowledged me. Put me in room with to single beds instead of two queen though because they thought, I wanted two beds. Single occupant, and I had booked two queens. No times for snacks in the club room were listed in the room (if there was a room service book it was hidden). The wine happy hour was busy but
bubble_40	We are couple spent two nights in club quarter hotel. A very nice location with moderate size room. Every thing was fine except the view of room which was only viewing AC compressors. This was passed to hotel front desk and she gave offers as a compensation for the poor room view. As it was only 2 nights and we are spending most of the day outdoors we skipped this point. Seems of day that was one of the best options in the area for the same value
bubble_50	Excellent location - close to subways. Hotel staff was very professional and friendly.  Rooms were clean. Only blocks from the World Trade Center Memorial site.  Very easy access to the Pier 11 ferry that takes you to Brooklyn (MUCH faster and cheaper than taking the subway to Brooklyn!)
bubble_40	I like a room on a higher floor and that way I don't hear any street noise.  I am there every month.  I do not like the size of the bed, but I do like the convenience of the location. It is a block from where my meetings are each month.  The area has developed over the past few years - more restaurants. More night life.  Good staff.  Breakfast is just a breakfast bar and coffee / tea.  The water bottles on each floor are a nice feature.  I like an extra pillow - it is strange needing to get it out of a closet in the hallway.
bubble_10	Book elsewhere! The rooms are tiny! We had a view of a rooftop with garbage on it, literally. We could not get to the otherside of the room without climbing over the bed. No amenities what so ever. You also need to haul your luggage up steps. The restaurant they have downstairs is horrible! Book somewhere else for this price! On the website they state 24 hour coffee and snacks ------ those are non-existent! No cold milk or cream for the coffee. The the "shared closet" they also advertise on the website in case you need something is empty. So I had to find a housekeeper and ask for extra towels, shampoo etc. I will ..... never........  stay again at a Club Quarters hotel!
bubble_20	Rooms are very small and "bare bones," with few amenities. No microwave or bathroom fan. Bathrooms are also small with little space for toiletries.   On the plus side, staff were generally pleasant and helpful, and rooms were clean. Complimentary wine in the lounge area in the afternoons was a nice touch.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 7 nights late March/early April. Location was great for subway access everywhere and handy for Brooklyn, 9/11, and the piers for ferries to other locations.  Room was clean and comfortable with a large window but blind shade was fixed down, so couldn't look out!  Room was larger than other hotel I've stayed in at Times Square and had a small desk and some extra seating with a Smart TV, so not just a room with a bed  Wardrobe could have been bigger as we were there for a longer stay, but understand it's usually enough for a couple of nights - not enough storage for a couple for a week!  Very comfortable bed and pillows.  Cleaners kept the room and shower room immaculate, with towels changed daily and toiletries replenished freely.  Free water bottles and water
bubble_20	We picked here as we figured it would be a handy enough location, and we got a good deal for four nights. Reviews seemed mostly favourable across multiple websites.   To be honest, i would have scored this review a lot higher had it not been for the very last day upon check out (i'll get to that later).   Good points: - Very clean, housekeeping kept our room immaculate. - Bed is SO comfy - Great water stations on each floor with "help yourself" amenities like milk/sewing kits etc.   - the "happy hour" is a great idea, and free snacks were nice. - The room itself was nicely furnished and kitted out, although no view, and bathroom was minuscule (although perhaps to be expected from an NYC hotel) - TV is decent, with streaming capabilities from your devices - Wifi was decent
bubble_50	A great location in the Finincial district. Close to everything. Lots of local bars and eateries with in walking distance on William street and beyond. Metro in Metres away. Happy hour. Wine oclock a bonus. Snacks; coffee and drinks available all the time.
bubble_20	Convenient location, rooms small and need refreshing. Better value in the area but if you have to be in Wall Street are or NYSE for late night client entertaining it's adequate. Otherwise better chain hotel accommodations in the area.
bubble_50	I've stayed at CQ several times for business and family and they never disappoint. Staff is friendly, rooms are clean and nice. Free snacks and drinks each day are great. Great location for walking to tourist sites and subway.
bubble_50	Club Quarters was near the subway system as well as several great restaurants.  I couldn't be happier where the hotel was located.  The staff was attentive and quite helpful with recommendations.  The room was great...Overall it was a great experience.
bubble_50	This was my first time staying at a Club Quarters hotel and I must say I was very pleased. Not only was the location perfect as far as getting around by train but the staff was very helpful and informative. Any questions we had, Marcien was very knowledgeable and able to assist with. I will def be back to Club quarters for any future New York City trips.
bubble_20	So, so checkout process.  Heater fan so loud, that you either turn off the heat and sleep  in the cold cold, or you turn on the heat and can't sleep because of the noise.   Bed was not done properly. The bottom sheets did not reach the bottom of the be, leaving your feet straight on the mattress cover. Yuk!.
bubble_40	It was great location for exploring lower Manhattan and the harbour front.  The Wall street subway station was literally around the corner with great subway connections at your door step so getting uptown for theatre was really easy.  Get ready to meet some fellow travellers during the daily wine tasting.
bubble_50	Very close to Wall Street, battery park, one tower, soho, and Brooklyn bridge. Walkable distance and very convenient.  They have washer and dryer if laundry is needed.  Water bottles and refillable at the gym.
bubble_40	Great hotel in a great location.  Anthony at the front desk was a great help to us throughout our stay. The hotel is modern and the rooms are spacious and very comfortable.   The lounge on the main floor has specialty coffee and fruit available all day. We would love to come back here again.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed two nights at Club Quarters. Although it wasn't located near a lot of the attractions in Midtown, we found it easy to use the subway station right outside to get there. We were on the Penthouse level and our room had a small window and sloped roof. Despite this, the room felt cozy and was well laid out. We felt that we were getting a great value. There's a lounge area on the first floor which has a computer and some snacks. The staff was also friendly and helpful.
bubble_30	$21 facilities fee wasn't a great surprise. It was apparently to cover some snacks and unlimited drinks at happy hour. But when I showed up, they only had red wine and rose. No white or bubbles. or any cocktails. Not a great impression unless you like red wine.
bubble_50	5 o'clock wine & tea Or coffee in the living room is a very nice touch. Underground & ferry port very close by, brunch in Bailey's at the weekend, drink for 2hours and food $29, great value Would definitely stay at this hotel again
bubble_50	Great stay, nice rooms, front desk was helpful and a shout out to Marciem for all his help. Will definitely stay here again.  8th trip to New York City for fun and this is a great place to stay. Happy hour was refreshing
bubble_20	I've stayed at this hotel for 5 years when I'm in town for business. Staff is great, the espresso machine is phenomenal, and I love the filtered water station on each floor. However, when I stayed there this February I left with terrible bug bites on my hands and lower back (where pajama pants and shirt meet). My hands swelled up and were unbearably itchy, hot and painful for over a week. It wasn't bedbugs, but something was eating me. I am bummed because this is the best hotel for the price point in FiDi, but I will be steering clear for quite some time :( I know you guys read these reviews: Please fix this problem! I was in pain and crazy itchy for a while.
bubble_20	The hotel was on hotel tonight for $122. Was a good deal and some decor in hotel was nice but overall just felt like a budget hotel. I have lucked out previously with hotel tonight, not this time. Sweet girls at front desk
bubble_50	Difficult to get to, but worth it.  Lots of road construction which makes the financial area very difficult to get around in by taxi, so I ended up having to walk quite a ways to get from where I got dropped off and the hotel.  But it was well worth it.  Staff was very pleasant and helpful.  Restaurant on site was great!
bubble_50	Firstly Dwayne is your guy. He looked after us, so friendly, great recommendations, helped us with the subway & wine@5 he made sure we never had empty glasses.  So the hotel does exactly what you want it to do but the extras make it. You can help your to proper coffee, tea and snacks downstairs. You have purified water on each level, can take ice buckets to your rooms from the third floor. Snacks include m&ms, nuts and general bar mix. Wine @5 is an hour of complementary wine either Chardonnay or merlot red wine. Such a nice touch.  Location is great!! Your less than a minute from Wall Street station and lots of other subway stations near by. Walking distance to 9/11 museum. Bed super comfy. Would definitely stay here again and Dwayne is a big part of that reason!  Thank you to
bubble_10	Was here for a couple nights on a business trip and thankfully it was only 2 nights. I would have went mental had I stayed anymore.  Usually I can think of a number of positives and negatives to give a fair assessment but this time round, the negatives far outweighs the positives by a landslide. In fact, the only positive I had to say about this hotel really was the location and that it was easy for me to get to the office.  I understand where a room is tiny, you make up for other things such as decor and accessories etc. but there would be no redemption here sadly. Not only was the room and shower room tiny, it looked like it needed a thorough clean. What 4* hotel still uses a shower curtain I wonder?  The worst thing was the heating/climate control system and how noisy it was.
bubble_40	I loved this! The location was very close to the train and had plenty to walk around and see in the area. The room was clean, staff was professional and the chilled water station was a great addition i didn't expect to love as much as I did. Would absolutely come back.
bubble_50	Very nice, clean and comfortable. Great coffee maker in the first floor lounge. Easy check in process. Free happy hour in the lounge with wine service. Fruit and cereal bars available in the am. Service available for food delivery.
bubble_20	First I have to say that the noise isnt the normal Manhattan Traffic. Its the Main ac (?) of the whole building which is working all night Long. I slept in low cost hostels in Georgia in Europe before which are not that loud. For this price (cheapest price around 210 $) it was absolutely unfair. Nevertheless the room were clean and the staff very nice. The restrooms were ok but nothing special. If you stay there make sure you dont get the rooms next to the main ac. I think then its ok to stay there.
bubble_30	Good location when traveling to the financial district. Some  rooms are very old and noisy.  No breakfast included. The Gym is very old as well.  Some of the staff at the front desk was  friendly and  helpful but others not
bubble_40	We are happy with this hotel line because they have excellent coffee in the lobby rest area which is very comfortable and have ample seating for groups and couples.  Also light snacks available throughout the day. The staff at the front desk was absolutely wonderful and helpful.  We found out that we could park for a discounted $35.00 per day two blocks from hotel by having our ticket stamped by our hotel. Thank you for that discount. Room really welcoming and clean.   What surprised me was that I was billed for using the workout room and also I noticed a guest sneaking in a friend. It was quite obvious that the guest tried to hide him from the guest service workers. AND the guests we were next to kept slamming their room door which shook our adjoining wall tremendously. It
bubble_40	Spent two great nights in the Financial sector. Hotel is well situated : close to Subways, WTC, water,.. The staff is very friendly. The Club room is small, but large enough when you spend most of your day visiting the city. The Club room offers snacks, coffe, tea and wine at 5 PM.
bubble_40	The hotel is in a great location,and the room itself was adequate. However, both nights I was there, there was night-time construction going on. As in, through the night, banging, shouting, scraping, even to the extent that items in my room would vibrate with the noise and commotion. I donned earplugs, but i was jarred awake at least once an hour by a very loud bang or scrape that shook my bed. I feel that the hotel should've made me aware of this construction when I checked in (given they may not have known at the time of booking). But they didn't, and I put the first night down to a fluke, but then when I was back for my second night and it was still on-going, there wasn't a lot I could do at that point. Also, the elevators are incredibly slow, and the stairwell was emergency
bubble_40	Coffeemaker in the room is ok, but coffeemaker in the lobby is much better. Free wine in the afternoon, restaurant next door. Lot of nice other restaurants in walking distance. Different pricing depending on days.
bubble_30	The service was very kind. The Air Conditioning was very loud, not allowing to sleep calmly. The drain of the washbasin was partly blocked. I recommend to prepare check lists for the cleaning staff. However the overall impression of the hotel was positive.
bubble_50	Such a great hotel in New York. friendly and helpful staff. lovely clean and comfortable room great amenities  perfect location for tourists and close to subway loved the free snacks and drinks. great little bonus
bubble_50	Very comfortable place to stay with some nice local food and great acces to the subway. Was a great walk to ground zero and also to the boat rides. Overall great place to stay and would highly recommend it!
bubble_50	Great location, clean, updated rooms, happy hour and great price.  The rooms are good size with comfortable bedding. Club Quarters has always been a go to hotel for business travel. Staff are responsive and the gym has the basics that are needed to work out.
bubble_50	We booked this for a one night stay, and were very pleased with value for price.  Hotel is in a great location, check in was fast, the staff friendly and efficient.  We received an upgraded room that was spotlessly clean and had a microwave, fridge, and Keurig.  Additional coffee/tea/water/snacks are available downstairs.  Our luggage was cheefully stored for us the next day until we picked it up to go to the airport.   Great value for the price!
bubble_50	We loved this hotel. Great location and very friendly staff. Ill continue using this hotel and would encourage everyone to consider. Close to subways and considerably quieter than a lot of other hotels Ive stayed in while in the city. Loved the free water and free snack and also close to a all night pharmacy.
bubble_50	Good location, subway, very friendly, proper and clean in the rooms There is a nice restaurant with live music! The lobby with coffee automate is good to stay ! You can walk to Hudson River and many interesting places
bubble_40	Good value, great location. If you have a meeting in the financial district or Wall Street, this is a central location. Also easy walk to the River if you need a break, overall value was good. Rooms are small but well maintained.
bubble_50	Me and my girlfriend decided on this hotel as it was in a great location (next to wall st station), seemed very clean and had great reviews. We certainly weren't disappointed. Staff were lovely, friendly and always had answers, facilities were great for what we needed and rooms were lovely and clean. Beds were very comfy and the noise outside (typical in NY, building works etc) was barely ever an issue. Bathroom was quite small but the size of the room made up for this. We spent most of our time here sightseeing so didn't need an exquisite hotel, just somewhere nice and warm to rest and this more than exceeded that. We were very happy and would definitely recommend.  Also the free wine from 5-6 was a massive tick in our box!
bubble_50	Nice hotel, great location, great staff, cool environment (free wine @5), great historic location, block from subway stop, close to WTC, Wallstreet and other cool places. Easy access to/from JFK/LGA .
bubble_30	Most of the times I asked for help from the reception, I got very rude and condecending recponces. One time they eveb hang up the phone one me. When there was drilling below my room the responce was- "this is NY, thats how it is!".
bubble_50	Had a lovely stay at this hotel, firstly for business and then my family joined me for our daughters 4th birthday. Rooms are a good size, very clean and the location is excellent.  What made our stay so great though was the staff. Friendly, efficient and just a genuinely nice group of people where nothing was ever a hassle. Special shout out to Lauren, Dwayne and Anthony, and to Kiki who our daughter adored. We will be back next time in NYC, thanks again for a great stay :-)  Cheers  John, MJ and Izzy
bubble_10	I stayed in the hotel for six nights, visiting NYC for business. That said, after a long, hard workday I expect my hotelroom to be clean, quite, well temperatured and big enough to store my belongings. The room was clean and the size was ok, too. BUT, the room was very cold, wind blowing in through the sides of the windows and the above installed Airco. The rooms have no heating system, so you have to use the Airco which is extremly loud and I couldn't stand it longer then 30 minutes.  Also, the walls are very thin, so you get a lot of noise from the neighbour-rooms and the roomdoor was also not really sealed, so you heard every noise from the floor.  I was also missing a roomsafe (it's an absolut Standard!) and a minibar or at least a small fridge for beverages.   WiFi was very
bubble_30	The room was good enough for one night.  The two twin beds was a little bit of a letdown, but ok for one night.  The TV did seem to have issues, but eventually worked itself out.  The bathroom was clean, but very small.  I did, however, enjoy the fact that it was a stall shower.  The closet nook was enough space for my guest and I.  Room service was good and timely since we had to order extra towels and pillows.
bubble_40	Situated in a convenient location. Near to wall street metro station. Walk able distance to Statue of Liberty ferry point and Ground Zero. But the sound proofing was not so good. One big draw back I observed was the lack of a safe locker inside the room.
bubble_20	This place is just ok. The bedding and towels are clean but there are not enough hand towels or wash cloths in the room. The closet rod was not secured and so it fell multiple times. The shower had to be turned on for at least 5 minutes before the water was lukewarm. There is only one lock and no additional latch on the door so staff can enter your room. The room floors are in need of a thorough cleaning. The elevator can take quite a while (5-10 minutes) to come to your floor so plan extra time if you need to be somewhere at a specific time. Good points, the housekeeping department made sure that the rooms were tidy when I returned to the hotel each day.
bubble_10	I had a horrible experience at CQ Wall Street. Heres what happened: I arrived home late around 10pm. It was super cold in the room the night before and I had a tough sleep so I asked a man standing, leaning over reception for an extra blanket. He was chatting with the women behind the desk, and was wearing a suite, greeting guests. The night before hed helped me find a late night snack in the area, and I assumed he was the Manager. He introduced himself as Pete and acted like he was in charge. He said sure no problem, just look in the closet in the hallway, theyll be some there. There werent so I went back downstairs and asked him again. He said sure no problem Ill have the staff bring you a comforter in a moment. Still didnt come. I went down again and he was laid back
bubble_50	Everything was great. Room was ready early. The free snacks were perfect. Room was clean, bed was perfect. Service was great. Very kind front staff and support. Perfect location downtown. Room was big for a NYC room.
bubble_50	I stayed here for about a week. Convenient, Clean, with kitchenette and big room! Actually I got upgrade offer at reception when I got check in, yay!  1
bubble_50	Hotel rooms in NYC are all the same - very small and expensive. Club Quarters always have a bit cheaper rooms than 4 and 5* hotels nearby. Good value for money. The bar and restaurant downstairs is the best nearby. Great burgers and good choice of beers. Definitelly worth stayin. Close to subway station (Wall Street) from where you can reach to any place you want in Manhattan or Brooklyn.
bubble_40	I visited my sister in NYC and stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel, Wall Street. The hotel staff was nice. The restaurant food was decent. The rooms can be a little small but I must say that Biljhana, from housekeeping, made my stay a whole lot more enjoyable! She went out of the way to make sure that the room was ALWAYS clean, fully stocked on towels and tissue and she even made the bed specific to my sisters request. My sister said that she only had to tell her once and she has done it right every single time. She DEFINITELY made me more comfortable knowing that I was staying in a clean room! The weather was cold but Biljahna made my stay comfortable!
bubble_50	Very clean and comfortable hotel. Not necessarily close to tourist attractions but very convenient to Wall Street. The cleanest hotel in all of Manhattan. Very disappointed they have discontinued the wine happy hour on the weekends. It was a very nice touch that they offered in there public area which is very nice to just sit and relax for a few minutes in late afternoon.
bubble_50	I can't say enough, how amazing our stays at Club Quarters, Wall Street, has been.   Each time I stay at this location, it is awesome. Rooms are clean, modern, and have tons amenities. (Free Wifi. Chromecast streaming. Coffee.)   Along with the rooms, the staff is always incredibly welcoming and accommodating.   Dwayne L, has to be one of the most thoughtful and cool dude, that I have come across when staying at any hotel. Last time he gave us a beautiful room for my birthday. It was a lovely surprise. Dwayne is definitely top notch when it comes to customer service.   I definitely recommend this hotel and location!
bubble_50	I love Club Quarters.  The staff are wonderful, the rooms clean and very nice.  Endless coffee and snacks in the comfy lounge! A good arrangement with the parking garage nearby.  Right on the 2/3 train line if you want to go uptown.  Looking forward to coming back!
bubble_50	Stayed for a week at the CQ Wall Street. I had expected a functional, convenient hotel, but the staff, guest-focus, CQ Fit and Wine@5 experiences made it a cut above. Other guests at the hotel seemed just as well cared for as I did, giving the place a great atmosphere. Kudos to Dwayne for superlative guest service throughout, and Id absolutely recommend the hotel to anyone travelling to the citys financial district.
bubble_50	Highly recommend this hotel. The staff was helpful and pleasant at all times. I found the hotel clean and the wine at five is wonderful. The rooms were very clean and the floors were well lite with good signage.
bubble_50	Very nice hotel, wit helpful and sweet employees.  Location is great. Close to lots of sights and subway stations for easy transport. It is free of charge to store your luggage after check out if necessary. We were very happy with our stay!
bubble_50	Pre-check in was helpful. Room was ready upon arrival. Hotel has always provided me with a bit of flexibility with check-out time. Rooms have recently been refurbished. Nice afternoon happy hour between 5:00 - 6:00 p.m.
bubble_30	Nice hotel, well situated. Rooms are clean and cleaning staff is friendly. However, it is not possible to check out late (at 1 pm) without paying a $50 fee. Staff at check in was not friendly. They almost yelled at a second customer who wanted to check in. Thanks
bubble_50	I have been using conference space here since 2011. Stay here when I conduct seminars. Comfortable rooms, albeit NYC-scale. The Bailey is a very respectable restaurant. The have some really nice modest price fare for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
bubble_50	Nice hotel.  Nicely appointed and larger room than many in NYC.  Very attractive lobby/hangout space for guests. Very convenient to the subway and all things in the Financial District area. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Try and pick Non Holidays Ground Zero / Times Square Saw the Musical King Kong (Produced by Australians AMAZING! The Stature of Liberty if you want to go up into the Tower / the Lantern you MUST book at least 2 -3 weeks in advance (If your there when their school holidays are maybe 12 months could be the go! New York is: "just soak it in !"
bubble_50	My husband and I have stayed at this hotel, for a week or so,  during the past four December seasons. The front desk staff have always been friendly and accommodating. We had a bit of a blip this past stay and the manager, Ralph, was ever so prompt in trying to make the "customer" happy and taken care of. He is very proud of his hotel and staff and because of this, the reasonable cost,  and the great location, we would surely stay there again.
bubble_30	I stayed here after booking a room on hotels.com unfortunately on hotels.com it states 4 star hotel with ipad and ipad docks, netflix etc. I was expecting something way nicer than what I received. The hotel overall was not bad just what you would expect from a 3 star hotel. It was average and good for a small trip. Theres a restaurant downstairs which I didn't get to try but it seemed popular. There are "24 hour snacks in the lobby" but every time I went there wasn't any. Maybe because it ran out? There was something burning in the basement that went through the vents all the way up to the 18th floor. It smelled like burnt plastic, when I called the front desk to report it they stated something burned from the basement that it would air out in a few hours. I thought they should
bubble_50	I spent a little over a week at Club Quarters. The room was always clean and replenished with fresh linen and towels upon my return each day. Lauren and Kiki were the most helpful during my stay. They assisted me with luggage storage, restaurant recommendations, laundry services and were always friendly, patient, and kind. Great staff, attentive to guests needs and overall pleasant.
bubble_50	Club Quarters Hotel, Wall Street was a great location for the financial area. The staff was very friendly and service was great. Wine and snacks in the evening were a plus. Rooms are small but clean and all you need.
bubble_50	We stayed here 3 nights to go see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child on Broadway. While the decor is a little outdated everything else was great. The room was clean and kept out the city noise as well as they had black out curtains. Our room had a small view of the river which was really nice. Staff was great. We literally would just walk out of the hotel and explore the city. It was about a 4 mile walk to Broadway. Which being our first time in the city was perfectly fine with us as we loved just getting lost and seeing everything. It was also right next to the 9/11 memorial as well as the statue of liberty and wall street.  Would absolutely stay here again. It was about a 45 min drive from Newark Airport.
bubble_50	This hotel is great. Rooms are nice and service is great.   The staff is amazing. Truly makes you feel like home. Literally every single person that I have been in contact with here is super nice, from the manager Ralf to the cleaning lady (who planned to come in every day so it fit with my 1-year olds kind of off schedule every day for two weeks).   Lauren in the reception is outstanding and so sweet, able to fix every problem you might have. I can say the same about Kiki. Both girls have established a sweet relationship with my son and he gets so excited whenever he sees them. They're always smiling and know exactly what costumer service is about.  So every day this hotel serves you FREE WINE for an hour in the afternoon (and also free snacks and coffee/tea 24/7). Again here
bubble_40	the room was very clean and quiet, the personnel was very courteous  and appreciated finding a yoga mat in the closet to help with my morning and evening routine. that's exactly what I needed at this time
bubble_50	Ive been here since January 1st and I must say that Dwayne and staff are absolutely amazing! Im greeted everytime I come into the building and we carry conversations as if we have known one another for ever! My hats off Dwayne for always knowing exactly how to handle situations!
bubble_50	Room was renovated since my last stay. It was ideal location for my  trip, staff was helpful and friendly. The happy hour in the living room and snacks available added value to the stay. I will stay here again when traveling to financial district in the future.
bubble_50	Everything was splendid. We were also  offered a crib for our newborn from Marcien, whom was accommodating and pleasant and ensured we had the most comfortable stay possible.  We would love to say a special thank you to manager Dwayne whom was very kind and thoughtful. We will definitely return because of the exceptional service that were extended to us from Dwayne.  He helped us smooth out a minor problem we encountered when booking through Priceline.  Even though it was no problem of Club Quarters; Dwayne ensured we received top notch service by simply being a caring and empathetic human.  Thank you to Kiki and Lydia for showering us with smiles and warmth despite the cold!  Overall experience was great and our room was spotless and fully stocked.  Location was great but we
bubble_50	I really like staying at this Club Quarters.  The beds are very comfortable, each room has a desk and two chairs and a TV tray table that can be used for room service.  I also love that there are USB chargers and plugs everywhere, an iron in the room, and water bottles to use for cold filtered water in the hall.  The restaurant has problems with service, but the hotel part is excellent!
bubble_10	Not a good experience staying at Club Quarters. Started stay by having the toilet clog. Then it took several phone calls to get somebody in their to unclog. Then requested extra pillows for room. We were told there were some in closet on the floor we were staying in. No pillows found there. We called and requested they send pillows up. The send up a worker who opened door on his own and was very rude. Did not look happy. Just a few examples of the lack of customer service and rudeness displayed by workers. even bar that is attached to hotel had rude workers who seemed like they did not want to be there. too much attitude and not enough Customer Service. Maybe upper management can provide classes to employees regarding Customer Service. They all seemed angry and afraid to help
bubble_50	Kiki is awesome always has a smile on her face. Kiki is always willing to go the extra mile if needed. Although The Club Quarters is not what I expected she does everything to make sure my stay nothing but great and accommodating.
bubble_50	We've returned to CQ and will continue to do so.  The location is quiet and convenient, located near the subway, a huge all hours drugstore and an exceptional French patisserie, the rooms are clean and tidy and the price is right.
bubble_30	Room ok, noisy, breakfast service quite expensive, no fridge in the room. Service of staff quite ok, generally friendly and attentive. Improve taxi Service, not easy to get a normal taxi (ie not a limousine)
bubble_40	Front desk receptionist -Kiki - made me call my husband at work to give permission to check into the room since he has not present at check in. Seriously???? Who does that? We have the same last name and address. She set the womens movement back by  about 70 years with that remark! The people in line behind me were horrified!
bubble_30	My wife recommended CQ, Wall Street after her 5 nights stay in CQ, Grand Central one week earlier. Unfortunate for us it was a major let down! The room was not cleaned during the 2 nights stay. The worst last impression was Jose, who not only rude and not helpful when we wanted to leave our bags for 3 hours. I think he has to be given lessons on how to SMILE and be more ACCOMMODATING!
bubble_50	Every aspect of this hotel was a complete hit, from the location, to the staffs professionalism (special kudos to Lydia), to the shear quality of the amenities.  Ive visited my share  of Club Quarters over the years and Wall St. ranks among the very best. Cant wait to get back there.
bubble_50	Very satisfied of our stay, comfortable room, very good situation, great helpful staff. We did appreciate the free wine tasting each evening and the free coffee/tea/snack each morning (but only from Monday till Thursday).
bubble_50	When speaking of a hotel, affordable and comfortable don't typically correspond.  CQ Hotel, Wall Street is the exceptional exception.  From Dwayne at the Front Desk, to Sonal (sp?) who helps with pretty much everything, service was fantastic. I expected the gratis Wine @ 5 held in the lobby would be disappointing, but was impressed with the quality of the wine they served.  Will be going back, for sure.
bubble_50	In Wall Street for a business trip, I did not expect to have such a wonderful time. Greeted by both Kiki and Lydia at the front desk, they made the experience worth while, truly. Excellent professionalism and care was demonstrated by both ladies. Club Quarters is the best hotel around, so much so, that I booked a few more nights. I will definitely be staying again.  -Tom and Ari
bubble_50	I got to say this place really supersized me in a good way, never heard of it before this trip but found it on booking.com and decided to give it a try. They have a chilled water station at every floor, coffee machine, snacks at the club room first floor. Service is excellent at front desk and oh wow the wine happy hour daily 1700-1800 and big shout to Dwayne very friendly and helpful and kept everyone entertained well at wine HH. Big thanks to Lidya, Kiki, Anthony, and all the rest. Very professional and always greeting us with big warm smiles. Ill be back for sure.
bubble_50	Thanks to Kiki, Lauren, and Lydia at the Club Quarters Hotel, Wall Street, Sharon and I had a wonderful 50th wedding anniversary week riding the subway system, visiting Carnegie Hall, Rockefeller Center, Lincoln Center Theater for the Performing Arts (to see My Fair Lady), 1 World Trade Center Observatory to see all of Manhattan, the 9/11 Memorial, the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, and several musicals (The Book of Mormon - I would not waste my time on this vulgar one), Beautiful, Phantom of the Opera, and Jersey Boys.
bubble_40	It takes a while for the hot water to reach the room and youll need to sleep through the sound of the elevators, but the value is certainly there!  The attached bar and eatery is a great place to hang out with friends.
bubble_50	Great room and outstanding customer service. Great location for a quick visit to New York City. The front desk staff was outstanding, and made sure with frequent inquiries if they could provide any help.  This included closest subway entrance or location of local restaurants
bubble_10	Flights canclled because of harsh Chicago weather - equally harsh attitude from Club Quarters employee who told me non refundable means non refundable and no credit even if it wasnt your fault that Chicago weather led to all flights being cancelled
bubble_50	Quick trip for one evening to show my very special friend who had only seen Time Square on television. CQ was a great find and affordable. Small room, but it fit our needs just fine. The best part was KiKi... she welcomed us at the front desk with a warm personality and a genuine smile. This was so refreshing as it is not typical of New Yorkers generally. She was so kind and thoughtful. She was knowledgeable.  At 6'5 she glanced and said, "Let me see if I can upgrade you to a kingsize bed." Who does that?!? Much kudos to her and her coworker who was also very professional. At checkout as I thanked her, I saw her nametag and we sang "KiKi...do you love me, are you riding?" Lol. #promotehernow :)
bubble_50	My fianc and our little boy stayed here just before Christmas and it was a fantastic hotel. Great location, clean, tidy and lovely staff. Special mention to Kiki and Marcien who were extra helpful. Thank you club Quarters for a lovely stay
bubble_30	Our room was small but comfortable, well-designed, and so wired. The TV was equipped to painlessly stream Netflix and other content from my phone. We also forgot a Bose bluetooth speaker. I called and housekeeping promptly responded that they had the speaker. They offered to ship it back to me upon receiving a shipping label. So, I purchased a shipping label from FedEx, like they recommended, and emailed it to housekeeping. No response. It took several days, a new shipping label (the first one expired), and reminder calls, for CQ to finally tender the speaker to FedEx.   Guests forget valuables in hotels all the time. Returning these should be handled with more promptness. Good service shouldn't end once guests have checked out.
bubble_40	I have stayed at the Club Quarters on Wall Street many times.  The hotel is comfortable with not a lot of frills and at a reasonable price.  It is close to the subway and sites in lower Manhattan.  I would recommend it.
bubble_50	Great room with wonderful beds and pillows. The suite was big enough for a group to hang out in. The location was great and the staff was really friendly and helpful. Very clean location. The parking is not on sight but close by.
bubble_40	Good hotel, great value. My only concern is the bed isn't very comfortable especially for someone with back issues. Otherwise I totally recommend. The hotel and the room was clean and the front desk was very accommodating.
bubble_20	Not a terrible space overall, but the overall quality of the hotel room felt kind of cheap. There was also an odd smell in my room, and I had issues getting the AC to warm the room up properly. Room amenities were very basic.
bubble_40	This hotel is close to the subway.  Rooms are comfortable and clean.  Staff are mostly friendly.  Wine and snacks available in the lobby as per schedule.  Fruit and granola bars available for breakfast.  Coffee machine most always at the ready.
bubble_40	I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel.  I generally go in with low expectations.  The room was clean and had all of the necessities.  The fitness center was a plus and the water stations throughout the hotel was a nice amenity.  I will be staying at Club Quarters Wall St periodically over the next 2 years as part of the NYU EMBA program so its nice to have a
bubble_50	We had a wonderful two-night stay at this hotel over Christmas.  Kiki and Dwayne, at the front desk were both super friendly getting us checked in, and very helpful with finding things we were looking for nearby.  Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	well, I would say that the price and the location were the most attractive things in this hotel. there were some maintenance works during my stay so it was a bit noisy. the size of the room was small, but it's like any other room in Manhattan. Moreover, the staff was friendly. Easy checking in and out. And the awesome smart TV was a bounce.
bubble_40	Arriving to the Hotel, you notice the hotel entry is placed right next to the Wall Street Subway Station, 1 block from the Stock Exchange, Federal Reserve and 2 Blocks from Broadway.   The surrounding area having a large array of Shops / Restaurant's and Bars for various price points.  I arrived to the hotel around 4pm, checked in paying a $50 per night incidental charge in addition to my Room Fee, City Tax and State Tax. The check in process took around 5 minutes, taking the lift to my room I arrived to a lovely room, larger than expected with an amazing view of the nearby park.   Downstairs, a lounge for residents, to work, socialise and relax. Coffee and Snacks are provided and Wine is provided from 5pm Monday to Thursday.  The team on reception were incredible, especially a
bubble_50	Rooms are nice and clean, very quiet. As is normal in NYC, they are small. This hotel has good amenities, especially like the filtered water stations. The location is very convenient - very close to subway, to wall street, to PATH station, etc.
bubble_40	Staff very friendly, rooms very clean, love the wine at 5!!!  The rooms are small but adequate. Workout room was great for my purposes anyway. It would be nice if a few more items were offered in the morning such as yogurt or OJ.
bubble_40	So this was my first stay at this branch. I usually stay at midtown but it was too expensive this time for Christmas.  However the Wall St branch was just as good. The subway line's 2 and 3 are literally outside the hotel so there was no problem travelling around and when I got back very late I wasn't scared to walk as it was seconds away from the subway.  The staff  were very friendly and always helpful.  The rooms spacious and clean but as with other CQ hotels the Wales are very thin.  There is a very nice restaurant/pub joined to the hotel that serves nice food and very good cocktails.  My only gripe is that the free treatments were not always available. Many mornings the fridge of soft drinks was empty as too the fruit bowls and snacks. Also theou he area was closed for Mao
bubble_40	The hotel is in a great location for accessing Wall Street trading and also some great tourist sites which are within walking distance. The hotel is also very close to the underground which makes getting to other sites such as Grand Central station, Time Square and the 911 Memorial, just a quick train ride away. The rooms are small but still leave enough room for two people to get around without stepping on toes. Staff at the reception desk were very helpful and helped us locate the sites on the map when we headed out. The hotel does have a very large business feel. Very much suits the business personal who just need a place to sleep and quick access to the underground or Wall Street trading.
bubble_40	We stayed in CQ at Wall Street because we wanted to be closer to Battery Park for our Statue of Liberty trip the next day. We also stayed in Club Quarter in Philadelphia and our stay was amazing except for the drainage issue. Thus, we had high expectations for CQ at Wall Street.   The main lobby was a little challenge as we were greeted with steps at the main lobby from the door to the lift and check in counter but this is not a great concern but something good to note.  The layout of the room was similar but slightly smaller than in Philadelphia. We were also disappointed that there were no fridge and microwave oven which we expected as CQ in Philadelphia has them but not in Wall Street. We tried calling front desk if there are any rooms with a fridge and was told that there
bubble_30	Friendly and helpful staff on arrival, we stayed for a week (on business) and the room given was not big enough so we requested a bigger room, which we were moved to the next day.  The initial room was small, had the tiniest shower room but overall was clean. We had a one window with a view of a brick wall which was just delightful!   The bigger room was on a higher floor with lots of windows and a separate lounge with sofa, small table and chairs and a kitchenette.   The bed was a king (UK) size and very comfortable, the air con was incredibly noisy and the cleaning varied day to day.  Some days everything was cleaned and tidied and another day the bed was made and dirty glasses left by the bed. The bathroom was small however was clean, albeit dated and shower gel, moisturiser
bubble_50	Lovely staff, great customer service! Great place for a couple nights away. Loved the free yoga mats and water filling station!Also their technology is very up to date - TV has Netflix/Hulu/amazon, yoga videos, seamless food delivery info and a cool app that makes sure you are happy once you are checked in!
bubble_50	Highly recommended if working in the Financial District or visiting. The restaurant attached to the hotel is excellent and there is nearby shopping and other restuarants. You can walk to Battery Park and the 911 Memorial. A very short walk to Wall Street. Would stay again if visiting or returning on business.
bubble_30	The hotel is nice and the attention is great. However, the location is a little bit farther down in Manhattan, unless you intend to be around Wall Street. Additionally, the hotel is old and the room where I stayed looked dirty (out of low maintenance I guess). Finally, I arrived around midnight and when I got into my room the heating was off, in a very cold day.
bubble_50	Got this hotel at the last minute and was very pleased with my stay. At the front desk, Kiki was very welcoming & affable, and even upgraded me to a room with a longer bed.  The next morning, one of the excellent staff members helpfully gave me a late check out.  The facilities were clean & comfortable, and the staff was very pleasant.
bubble_50	Upon arrival, staff was charming and helpful, room was clean and small as to be expected in NYC but nicely set-up. Maurice at the front desk was charming and helpful and genuine.Although we booked a Queen bed, being sisters, staff was kindly accommodating in arranging for 2 single beds. Crisp and modern furnishings with room to store items. Free take away coffee (espresso & cappuccino) from a coffee machine and snacks like fruit and cereal mix and snack bars) Accessible cold filtered water with refillable bottles a nice touch. Complimentary local wines from 5pm to 6pm, again a really nice touch. A few steps away from subway. Not too far from Stone street. Away from the hectic pace of Times Square but still cool and close to the essentials (Drugstore etc) A Shoutout to Kiki at
bubble_20	So... I was staying here for work for 5 weeks throughout Dec-Jan.  Overall, for the price its a pretty basic hotel. The thing you're paying for is the location. The rooms were large considering what most hotels offer in the area, but furniture/comfort is pretty sparse.  My following review may sound particularly harsh but during my travel this time, I had a much more comfortable stay at an airport hotel for $50 and most of these things I've listed can actually be managed by the hotel.  I'll start with the bad: The first week, I had someone come into my room at 11pm (I was watching tv in the dark and the door was unlocked and someone actually came in), to which I shouted at them and they ran off. I spoke to reception about it and the best they could do was give me a new key card.
bubble_50	Nice little hotel tucked away in FiDi. Great location with quick and easy access to the NYC Subway. Almost all trains have stations within a 5 min radius. Walking distance to restaurants, shopping, Food trucks. Staff is excellent, rooms are clean  and comfortable. Wi-Fi is great. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_10	Ive used club quarters before and never have I encountered an employee as rude as kiki, this girl actually rolled her eyes when I was sharing an issue with the Hvac system in my room. If you want to be treated like a 5 star guest and avoid attitudes from employees go somewhere else.
bubble_50	The hotel was easily accessible from the subway. A 2 minute walk from the subway to the front door.  About 15 mins to Times Square via the subway.  The hotel was very clean and comfortable and the staff were very polite and professional.  I would recommend this hotel and if going to New York again I would certainly stay here.
bubble_20	Very noisy, we were facing the street where the entrance is and honestly, couldnt deal with the noise. Dump trucks, delivery trucks, cars beeping, all sorts! But what really irked me was the fact the cleaners would congregate right next to our door early in the morning, talking and laughing and speaking on their phones and waking me EVERY. SINGLE. MORNING. It was ridiculous, as I just want to sleep past 7-8am and nope, no chance. I probably wouldnt stay here again, despite the location being okay.
bubble_40	so close to subway and execelnt management . The heater was work well and very good location. its has very good resturant and bar. Due to christmas evnt, they have very nice happy hour of free wine served.
bubble_50	Everything was excellent. Room was nice and clean. Location is excellent for business trips. Everyone was nice and the service was very professional. Nonetheless, the front desk could get very crowdy and the bathroom of the room could be better.
bubble_50	We stayed in the hotel for a week over the Christmas holidays and were really happy with the hotel choice. The hotel was simple, clean and in a great location making it super easy to catch the subway and easy to navigate to and from. The room itself was newly decorated with nice furniture, nothing too fancy but clean and smart with a very comfy bed. The shower room was a little tired and outdated, but clean and functional nonetheless. Only small gripe was the lighting in the room makes it almost impossible to do your make up, had to do this in the shower room. The staff at this hotel are fantastic, Kiki and Anthony especially, so very helpful and cheerful. Also, free wine at happy hour and the free M&Ms are a welcome bonus. Thanks for a great stay, will definitely recommend and
bubble_50	Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street was brilliant! The staff were really friendly and the facilities were beyond what we expected - snacks in the lounge, free hot drinks and free bottled water was really helpful! Couldn't recommend enough!
bubble_40	Im did at club quarters in NYC Wall Street last week. I really enjoy my room and staff, but until now (its been 5 days) since i departure and my safety was not released. It compromites my credit card during my trip. Thats the down side.
bubble_50	If you are looking for a great hotel away from Mid Town Manhattan, then Club Quarters Wall Street is the place to stay. Reasonable rates for Manhattan and right around the corner for the #2 Subway Line, so it is easy to get around using mass transit. Staff is very accommodating and the rooms are beautiful. We went for my wife's birthday and after I told them this they sent up a bottle of complimentary wine.
bubble_50	It was close to my office.   Liked the fact that they had snacks in the lounge .  The proximity to Wall street and the subway was good.  There were lots of restaurants close by. The rooms though small made good use of the space
bubble_50	Gentle and helpful employees (Thank you Kiki and Dwayne!!), Clean and comfortable hotel; we had a problem with the heater in the room and they tried everything to help us. Good position in Manhattan, really two steps from the Subway.
bubble_50	Central location was what we were after and this hotel delivers. Room was small and basic but funcional. Advertised Club nightly drinks only Monday to Thursday. Steps at front hard to navigate with luggage.
bubble_50	Easy check in and check out, clean rooms, good service, good location, decent sized room for a downtown hotel, 30 seconds from the subway station. Overall had a very good stay here and definitely will be back.
bubble_40	Very nice hotel at good location. The room felt specious and was kept clean. The personal at the front desk was really helpful and nice. The free coffee and water service and wine testing is refreshing.
bubble_40	This has become by far one of my favorite hotel accommodations in NYC (FiDi). Mainly because of the service provided by the staff. If you are big on cleanliness, fast service, courteous, friendly, and a professional staff/service, this Club Quarters location and team is everything and more! I can't thank Marcein, and Nadeka (sp?- the lady that serviced my room) for better service! They were both outstanding!!! They ensured I was accommodated fully, always greeting me with a friendly smile, asked about my day, and made sure I had what I needed to make my stay at CQ comfortable. I appreciate that attention to detail.    Location - FiDi is busy of course during the work week day(it's Wall Street), but what I love is the calm in the evenings.  Not a lot of noise, and peaceful.  It's
bubble_50	Anthony was a great host here at Club Quarters on Wall Street.  Having family from Atlanta, Georgia to sleep in this amazing hotel with a beutiful view, and hospitality at its best made this Christmas joyful.  The service was professional and rooms are clean, spacious and comfy.  Thank you very much!!
bubble_40	Great location, good prices, clean (but small) rooms. Convenient business hotel.  Having a restaurant in the hotel makes things easier if you don't feel like going out.  Good subway access.  Great place for a short stay.
bubble_50	Enjoyed or stay at club quarters staff was helpful amd location a block from the subway line 1,3, and 3.     Kikki was especially helpful providing tips on nearby places to eat have hair done and was very festive during the Holiday season.   Parking nearby was also a good price for NYC.   I have never been disappointed with CQ and this may be the best one I have stayed at.
bubble_50	This hotel was just perfect while visiting NYC from clean and sleek rooms to filtered water on each floor delicious fresh coffee and snack for breakfast. The location is perfect, especially if you planning to visit Starue of Liberty or Brooklyn Bridge.the subway is right in the corner. Theres a lot of little cafes in the neighborhood where you can get delicious breakfast or lunch. Our front desk stuff was very helpful. Kiki welcomed us and made everything possible to accommodate our stay, Dwayne helped us check in our luggage in the hotel for few hours on last day before we leave the city, so we can enjoy walking freely the streets of the city. Thank you Kiki and Dwayne.
bubble_50	From start to end this experience has been amazing.  The location is brilliant. A 10 minute walk to the Statue of Liberty ferry. Wall Street station is just around the corner less than one minute away. You can get a subway direct to Times Square, and took about 15/20 mins. We managed to work out the subway really well but reception staff were on hand to sort out any problems.  It took around an hour to get here from JFK but rather easy to work out. We got the air train to Jamaica Beach, then the subway to Fulton street which is a 10/15 minute walk. However you can get a subway from Fulton street to Wall Street.  Anthony greeted us when we checked in and upgraded our room free of charge as we had never been to New York and he wanted us to have the best experience. He was so
bubble_40	Rooms were very clean,and suitable. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Marcien and Lauren (front desk) were very helpful with directions and advice. They were also very friendly and a lot of fun.  Luis was also very accommodating handling our stored luggage. Also very friendly.
bubble_30	Sink didnt drain, coffee was pretty bad in rooms (maybe provide some dark roast?). Toilet seat didnt stay up. Toilet flush didnt flush long enough to remove waste. I liked the size of the room, that was fine.
bubble_50	I've stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel for over a week and when I first arrived Kiki immediately took care of me! Hotels.com had booked me for a Full size bed and me being 6'2 she immediately saw a problem and fixed the issue in no limit of time, that's great customer service! The second time I checked in Dwayne did the same thing by not only remembering my name but by also checking me into a comfortable room! The housekeeping staff is friendly, the rooms cozy, the Hotel is super close to the trains and the price is reasonable! Anytime i need to stay on Wall Street, Club Quarters will always be my first choice!
bubble_40	Really good location of hotel, Wall Street metro station just few steps from hotel entrance. Hotel is clean and service is great. Room is small, but big enough for one person, or couple.  Bed is very comfortable.  TV system you can pair with your smart phone and see content on big screen - very convenient.   Internet is free. Really good quality free coffee in the lobby. Rooms require some renovation it is why I rated 4*.
bubble_50	I had a great stay at CQ Wall Street in November! I want to especially give a shout out to my man Dwayne who holds down the happy hour for the hotel.  He's always hospital  and offer excellent service.  Hats of to him and the entire crew.
bubble_40	The male staff who attended to is when we checked in was very helpful. He was very sweet to offer us a room despite us arriving earlier than the check-in time.  Room was clean and quite spacious. But the rooms are not soundproofed. We could hear the church bell every now and then.   I would say that it is quite a decent hotel and value for money, given that it is located in Wall Street. Walking distance to Charging Bull statue and Statue of Liberty. There are also a lot of places to eat around the corner. Century 21 is also within walking distance for some quick shopping.   Basically, we were very satisfied with the hotel and services. However, upon checking-out, there was another couple asking for airport transportation. The lady who attended to them was not very helpful. All
bubble_50	Great hotel, great location, great staff!  A really good hotel with good rooms, amenities and great little extras not advertised.  Hotel - easy check in, large room with separate toilet/ shower. Comfy bed and black out blinds mean an excellent nights sleep. Very clean throughout.   Staff - could never do enough for you to ensure your stay was as comfortable as possible. (Shout out to Dwayne for his great service during our stay!)  Location - Subway station around the corner (a few more within a couple of minutes walk) All the main NYC tourist destinations at your finger tips.  Would recommend this hotel for a short or longer stay - you cant go wrong!
bubble_50	Weve loved our stay here at the club quarters. The facilities are clean and spacious and the hotel itself is in an ideal area! The staff are friendly and cant do enough to ensure that you have a great stay, big shout out to Dwayne who always made us feel so at home and welcome! Would definitely recommend a stay at the club quarters, Wall Street!  P.s. wine happy hour 5-6 Monday through Thursday is a great perk!
bubble_50	I stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel on William St, New York for about 2 weeks. From the first night to the very last Mayra went above and beyond for me! She has such a sweet and kind personality, very caring. She made sure I had everything that I requested and more! She is truly a joy to be around and an asset to the company!
bubble_50	On our four day trip to NY during the Christmas season we were very pleased with our accommodations.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  We had a very good price, in a clean, comfortable and safe hotel!
bubble_40	While I usually stay in midtown Manhattan, I decided to give Club Quarters in Wall Street a try; I was very pleased.It's not elegant, it's a business traveler property that ticks most of the boxes:Good wi-fiComfortable bedExcellent Smart TV configurationGood water pressure and dependable hot waterEfficient front desk staffI will be back.
bubble_40	Good location close to subway stations. Walking distance to WTC and Wall Street. Hotel had water bottles for you to bring with you for the day, convenient plus. Beds were too soft though.. and shower is a bit strong.
bubble_30	Really Comfy bed, plenty of hot water which was nice but the room was too small for a couple with luggage. The heater fan rattled ALL night and kept us awake. Do not stay in room 1701 unless you know it has been fixed.
bubble_40	Very pleased with my stay.  Just 2 nights, purpose was business in NYC and NJ.  Glad I upgraded to a standard room vs the room I had on a prior visit.  This room was adequate in size for the purpose of my stay.  Internet service was very good - easy to access, speed was quite good.  Restaurant next door with lobby access was utilized during the first night of my stay when another choice nearby was closed for the evening.  Thank you, will stay again when in the area.
bubble_50	Nice room in very good location, steps from Wall Street, multiple subway lines within a few blocks, under 15 minutes walk to South Street Seaport.  Pleasant and helpful staff.  We checked in a few hours early with no problem.
bubble_50	Hotel was very nice. Not dirty at all. Housekeeping was respectful. The best part is the filtered water bottle station on each floor. Those came in very handy. Overall it was a great decision and would do it again
bubble_50	Great location 1/2 block to the subway, good restaurants and shopping. Lots to see and do nearby. Very friendly and helpful staff. Large one bedroom suite made the stay very nice. Would certainly stay there again. Nice sheets pillows and bedding. good quality towels. Large room for New York.  Free coffee and fruit in the lobby through the the day was a real plus. Fridge in the room for cold drinks after a busy day on the town.
bubble_50	My fiance and I stayed here for 2 nights on a quick trip to the city. This is an excellent hotel and I'm so glad we were able to stay here. We felt very at home, and the staff were so accomodating and kind. The rooms are adequate and nice, and we were even able to get our room early the day of arrival as we had an early morning flight. The front desk is very polite. The beds are comfortable, but the pillows were terrible, and there were only two of them.  One of our favorite things about the hotel was that they had chilled water fountains and bottles for guests to use and refill, which is unlike anything we've seen before. This was a wonderful floor feature. Also the lounge had a great coffee machine, and they left fruit, and snacks out for guests to have. This was a very homey
bubble_50	Excellent staff, amazing room, our maid was funny and helpful, left a tip in the room for her before we left.I would've loved if we had a safe in our room since we were traveling and had our passports with usLoved the free water bottling station, used it quite enough.. The hotel is quite close to everywhere, 5min sudway ride away to get where we wanted to, I hope to come back soon enough. ........................................................................................................................................
bubble_40	Staff are polite - check in seamless - rooms are bright and spacious and modern and clean - kitchenette  a convenient option - locations in NYC are excellent . This is not an opulent accommodation but has comfortable beds and sleep sofa ( very comfortable American Leather make)and two big TVs with many windows
bubble_30	A bizarre place. I have stayed in many skyscraper hotels in many places but never have I felt the room rock as much as this hotel. I was only on the 16th floor and I genuinely thought I was having a potential vertigo attack when returning to my room after a day in the office. Strangely, when I reported this to my colleague he confessed he felt the same on the 12th floor.  Staff were friendly and room was clean, although small and tired, especially considering the cost of the place.
bubble_40	Perfect location, good restaurant attached, clean, easy free wifi, Keurig in room. Excellent service,  convenient ports next to bed for battery recharging.  I have no complaints (nothing I liked least).
bubble_50	Shout out to Club Quarters  Wall street! This place has become my home away from home. I traveled with my husband to New York just for a small getaway and let me just say that i will be staying again. This location is in the heart of the financial district and minutes away from any subway station to get you practically anywhere. The area is safe to walk in and a few blocks away, there is a strip of bars and restaurant; if you are like me and love to have a nice drink this is your go to!  I recommend staying on a higher floor because you'll get a much better view, i loved just looking out of the window at night just to see all the city lights.   The staff was a absolutely amazing , always there to help and always making sure that my husband and I had something planned next . A
bubble_20	My experience with the front desk and housekeeping staff was absolutely wonderful.  Kiki, Lauren,and Martien were an absolute joy to see, work with and speak to each day.  However, I had a really unpleasant shock when I was checking out, and it adversely affected my entire stay.  I booked and paid for my room 6 months prior to my stay.  I interacted with Club Quarters several times.  I requested a prepaid receipt, as their site does not send one nor allows access to one.  I subsequently confirmed my stay in November with the main customer service center.  Upon check-in, I was informed of the need for a credit card for incidentals.    Upon checking out, I was charged over $800 dollars, and nothing was said at the time.  I returned to the desk to ask for clarification of the check
bubble_50	I stay in Club Quarters when traveling for business.  This particular one is full of people who want to help.  Upon arrival i filled out a survey and they addressed my comments without any discussion.  I felt at home!
bubble_40	We stayed 5 nights and we were very happy with the hotel. Having stayed in Midtown several times, it made a change and was a great location for exploring lower Manhattan. Subway was a minutes walk so convenient to still get about if you wished. Hotel staff very helpful.
bubble_30	Great location near the Wall Street subway stations, but no signs of the renovation.  Just good, basic accomodation with one main gripe of there being insufficient hot water.  Stayed three days and reported it each day.
bubble_50	Clean and updated, nice staff, great location (access to all subway lines that required no transfers to get anywhere), relatively spacious room, even had a view from the room. Would highly recommend. Nice thats its away from the touristy madness. Lots of great food options around.
bubble_50	I visited New York for an interview and I stayed at CQ in Wall Street because of a recommendation from an old colleague. I stayed at CQ before in Chicago so I was familiar with the hotel. I didnt know Wall Street that well and at night, the area seemed quiet. I interacted with Lauren who was at the front desk. She was very friendly and polite. She told me that Wall Street is fairly quiet at after business hours. We spoke for a little bit about Chicago and she recommended I check out this alley just few blocks away. She told me there are bars and restaurants in the alley and I can find things to do. I recommend CQ in Wall Street for anyone that wants to be near the financial district and downtown area. Lauren was a great help and assisted me with questions I had about NYC and
bubble_20	A bad smelling entrance, a long time at check-in, AC not working in the room, no working TV, no pressure and lukewarm water in the shower. All of these are included in the high price you will pay at this hotel. I had to complain 3 times but the issues were never fixed. And when you check-out and ask for compensation, the response was: -"You're all set, have a nice trip !"
bubble_50	Dwayne at Club Quarters 52 Williams Street was a BIG help to us during our stay. He helped us with directions, with the subway, and was always very pleasant!!!!  We had a great stay here and we recommend it to anyone!!!! We are so grateful for Dwaynes knowledge of the help we needed!!
bubble_50	I am in New York for a work event and this is my first time near Wallstreet. Dwayne has provided excellent service and was so personable. The happy hour wine is a great perk. The hotel itself is also very nice. Will definitely be back!
bubble_50	Great hotel with great service. The rooms are clean and comfortable as well. The staff are all very accommodating and friendly, especially Dwayne who hosts the happy hour! Its also a great location for touring.
bubble_40	clean, comfortable, great locationgood pub/restaurant attached, excellent breakfastsrooms are small but comfortable (would benefit from small refrigerator)appreciated the complimentary wine served at 5pm, nice end to the working day
bubble_50	Dwayne is an awesome host. His music selection is off the charts. He is very affable and accommodating. He makes you feel right at home. He inspires you to keep coming back for more. Club Quarters Wall Street is the place to be.
bubble_50	Visited with my partner for a three-night whistle-stop visit to the Big Apple in early December. The hotel was great; the staff were really friendly and helpful, especially Marcien on the front desk. Very patient answering all our questions as first time visitors, and full of great advice about places to eat and best methods to get around etc. The room was the perfect size for us, nice and clean with solid wifi and comfy bed. The location was fine; we knew it was further away from JFK so transfers took longer, but it was peaceful in the evenings and only a short subway ride or leisurely stroll to the main action.  The refillable bottles of chilled water on every floor are a genius idea; no more stumbling down to the foyer looking for a vending machine in the middle of the night!
bubble_40	Stayed here for two night (weekend trip). Hotel is in a safe area. It is very close to tourist sites, including the Brooklyn bridge walk. Staff at check in were very efficient. Desk was busy so another lady came out and got us entered through a kiosk on there wall. Room/elevator keys scan, take you right to floor. Water bottles and purified water available to you on each floor. Housekeeping staff very friendly. Common room has a coffee maker that makes lattes, cappuccinos etc. The room is standard size. It was So clean. Bedding is so comfortable, pillow easy to rest your head on. Overall great stay. Good location for subway, taxi or uber.
bubble_50	My husband and I visited the city for four nights. Check in was fast and efficient. I liked scanning my hotel key in the elevator and it took me right to my floor. The free purified water machine and bottles in the hallway was very nice. I liked how they had a guest closet in the hallway with extra pillows. The hotel was quiet. When we needed extra towels, staff was quick to respond. The restaurant/bar downstairs had great food and drinks with very nice bartenders. We would definitely stay again!
bubble_40	My partner and I stayed for five nights around Thanksgiving.  The room size was typical for New York hotels but it had everything we needed, including a mini fridge and microwave, which I had requested.  The bathroom was very small.  My biggest complaint is that there were not enough hooks or towel bars to hang our wet bath towels.   I found the staff exceptionally helpful and friendly.  The young woman in housekeeping who cleaned our room, Lydia, was so accommodating when I asked her for fresh towels and extra supplies each day.  She was genuinely friendly and had a great attitude.  Another staff member, Dwayne, was also so helpful.  The staff really helped make our stay so pleasant.  We really enjoyed the lounge with the confortable chairs and free coffee as well as the Irish
bubble_50	I have stayed at every club quarters except the one by Penn Station. The staff at Times Square is the BEST!! Helpful in EVERY way!! The location at World Trade is amazing with a restaurant that has the MOST amazing view and staff! Wall Street is quiet for the location and is right in the hustle!!
bubble_50	Amazing staff ! Clean and comfortable centrally located near train. Easy access from highway. Everyone is very friendly and helpful inspiring others to do the same. Choosing this location for years . Greeted by name from staff making even the youngest guest feel welcome. Like spending the night at a friends house.
bubble_50	I travel often for work and really found the attendant Dwayne who worked the reception happy hour to be very friendly and knowledgeable. HH was much appreciated mid week. Looking forward to returning again soon.
bubble_30	Staying in New York can be incredibly expensive but we chose to stay at Club Quarters near Wall Street as it was not nearly as expensive as all the other hotels around.  Check-in was quick and even though we arrived early, they still happily let us check in as the room was ready.  The room itself was a good size, warm and comfortable. It did however, come with one major issue - noise. We accept that New York is never completely quiet but from about 9pm-1am and then starting again at 5am there was noise from the streets below that sounded like garbage trucks. It just went on and on. The room appeared to have absolutely no soundproofing whatsoever. We were on the front of the building on the 5th floor - maybe it was less noisy higher up or on a different side.  It would have been
bubble_20	This room was way to expensive for what it was. The sheets were scratchy and the bedspread had many visible stains. I woont be staying here again. There are too many other hotels to choose from in ny. One plus was that the staff was very courteous.
bubble_50	The room was spacious for the city standards. It was clean and nicely equipped. The full size bed was comfortable. Would have preferred a queen for two persons but it was ok. The downtown location is excellent.
bubble_40	central location in Financial District, a lot of points of interests can be visited by a short walk, very good subway connection, hotel rooms a nice and clean, breakfast can be picked up around the hotel in short walking distance
bubble_50	Want a great holiday? To be able to sleep soundly in a prime location and have ease of mind knowing whether youre there for work or pleasure you are getting the best for your money? Stay at the club quarters.
bubble_50	Wine at 5 was fun because of Dwayne!!! I always stay at Club Quarters Wall Street because it is close to work. Kiki is also amazing and made us feel very welcome and created a fun environment may I mention for the past at least (3 times) I pick Club Quarters over the others because you feel like youre at home! The lobby is also very cozy and nice amenities. We love CQ AT WALL STREET!!! :)
bubble_50	Place was a great stay.  Nice staff and accommodating hosts.  Dwayne was a great server during their Happy hour(free wine from 5-6).  Very comfortable beds, and the restaurant near the lobby was very good.
bubble_50	Kiki at the front desk is absolutely wonderful! Made our great experience that much better :) the location is perfect also. Close to major dining subways and the New York stock exchange is right around the corner!
bubble_50	Awesome hotel would definitely stay again.  Hotel staff went out of their way to make you feel welcome.  Hotel room was very spacious.  The amenities are wonderful more hotels should offer the amenities CQ offers.
bubble_40	The room was exactly as the picture showed.  It was a basic room, bed, window, desk, TV, bathroom (shower only).  It was great for the 1 night in the area of town I needed.  The only downfall was that I couldn't find (or they didn't have) a non-stair entrance to roll my luggage.  They did have an accessible elevator but I didn't want to use that :).  The associates I encountered were all very helpful and pleasant. It was an easy walk to Trinity Church/ Wall Street/ & the 9/11 area. I would definitely consider returning to this hotel if I were back in that area of town.
bubble_50	Convenient location and very welcoming staff. The lobby is a great place to relax and visit. Dwayne runs a great 5pm wine happy hour if you are looking for a good way to end you day/ start your night.
bubble_50	The staff greeted me warmly and got me efficiently to my room.  Tight alleys and security near Wall Street make traffic difficult there, but the subways are quite convenient.  Not luxurious but clean. Light sleepers may not find suitable. Late nigh street noise can be heard.
bubble_50	Excellent location and super friendly staff! Kudos to Dwayne, Anthony, Kiki, Lauren, and all the others! I stayed in Oct-Nov '18 and couldn't be more happy with the quality of the hotel and the level of service. A block away from the Wall Street subway station, extremely convenient.
bubble_50	This is our 12th trip to NYC or so in the last 25 years.Many hotels are noisy, not exactly sparkling clean and pricey.The Club Quarters is the exact opposite : great trade-off, clean, quiet and renovated.We were truly touched by the kindness and the professionalism of the team in charge of the front desk (Kiki, Dwayne and the other two ladies who helped us during the entire duration of our stay).We finally found our home far away from home in NYC!
bubble_40	Club Quarters William Street is ideally located for the financial district.  Rooms were clean and maid service friendly.  Front desk not always so helpful but room and shower were all we needed so Club Quarters delivered
bubble_50	After visiting New York and eventually relocating from California I found this hotel. It is truly awesome! I have come back just for weekend relaxation, because of the excellent service from all of the staff. Case in point tonight before Thanksgiving I visited and received awesome service from Dwayne, front desk, housekeeping, everyone. I recommend this hotel for anyone visiting New York.
bubble_20	I had a terrible stay at this hotel. The bathroom and room was very small. There was twin size beds in my room. I had a wake up call from my toilet due to an issue with the plumbing for 3 out of the 4 days of my stay. After repeated complaints and a rude front desk person I was finally moved on the last night of my stay. I will not stay here again or recommend this to any of my colleagues.
bubble_30	Our room was tiny but that's fine... its NYC.  However, we had a tiny double bed, one pillow each, and the TV didn't work.  The bathroom was ok though I didn't feel like the shower was the cleanest.  On the upside, there was a great water dispenser in the hallway where you could get empty bottles and fill them with cold, filtered water.
bubble_50	I spent a weekend in Club Quarters, Wall Street for a training conference.  The hotel was clean and bright.  The front desk staff was friendly and efficient.  My room was on the smaller side, but comfortable.  It was immaculately clean.  The hotel is right around the corner from Wall Street and a half-block from a subway stop.  Each night between 5 and 6, they offer free wine.  I highly recommend.
bubble_50	The hotel was clean, the staff were extremely helpful and my room was very welcoming with a plate of fruit waiting for me. It was great to have a gym open and the free coffee in the morning was a nice extra.
bubble_50	I got off a very stressful flight, headed to CQ and to my surprise they were serving complimentary wine! Oh my was this a life saver! I was checked in by Marcien. He was very professional and polite! He worked everyday that week, during my business trip and had the same wonderful spirit everyday. Thanks CQ for the amazing stay and amazing staff!
bubble_50	From the beginning of our stay until the end, all the employees were very helpful and nice. A special shout-out to Naida who went above and beyond to provide excellent customer service on several different occasions. The room was clean and the amenities were everything you need. An added bonus was the complimentary water bottles to fill up our water to take with us during the day. Thank you for a wonderful stay!
bubble_50	Would stay again for sure. Great location with subway around corner. Hotel has great amenities and perfect for business travelers.  Staff was very nice and they had a nice cocktail reception every night.
bubble_50	Great service and great location.  Staff was very professional and helpful.  Excellent staff representation and service over all was excellent.  Rooms are clean and the remodeling is well done.  I stay there every time I travel to the Financial District
bubble_50	The staff at this hotel is friendly and very accomodating! Next time in NYC will definitely stay here again!   Front Desk guest services attendant Dwayne was very pleasant offering his services at all times. The bed was extremely comfortable and cozy! I was totally pleased with my stay!
bubble_10	Whilst the property was a great place to stay and locationwas god too, it has been 12 working days since the hotel promised the return of my room deposit and sit I wait, the wait continues... having called the hotel it would appear they have released the funds, therefore my assumption is the the US bank hold onto these funds before returning them c.15 days later, terrible service
bubble_50	We have just returned from the Club Quarters Hotel, Wall St. We were in NY to celebrate my birthday and the hotel upgraded us without even being asked. When we got up to the room it was huge and very well laid out. They had left a note on the table wishing me a happy birthday and a box of cookies. The hotel is in a great location, literally around the corner is a dwayne reid shop to get bits and pieces you might need, there is also a dunking doughnuts around the corner too. Easy access to the subway helps for the longer trips across town. The staff at the hotel are really friendly and nothing is too much trouble. Another nice touch to this hotel is that you can go to the lounge and help yourself to cans of lemonade which is really appreciated after a day of walking looking at
bubble_30	Took me a while to work out what PH is and realised during the stay it meant pent house. Not my idea of a pent house room - fairly small. No mini bar. On future trips to all hotels I will have to check this properly because my medicine needs a mini bar. I don't trust hotel staff to look after it properly if it goes in a kitchen fridge. Breakfast room is a neighbouring bar. the meal was OK but a bit slow. Couldn't get proper darkness in the room to sleep - there was a partial blind down but it did not shut out neighbouring lights.Had to wait a long while to check out, admittedly early at 530am but it took the staff about 5 minutes to come to me. At the same time it is a lot cheaper than many worse hotels, so I score it average overall.
bubble_40	The location of the hotel is very convenient and the price is reasonable.  Staff are friendly and helpful.  Good choice for businesss trip.  But might not be suitable for family or those keen for shopping.
bubble_50	nice clean room, helpful friendly staff, nice to have snacks in lobby,  liked wine at 5 was nice to relax after a long day,, People were very nice and were able to provide information about the area,  would stay there again,
bubble_50	The hotel has helpful staff, comfortable and quiet rooms, location close to the subway, snacks. It was an easy and quick check in. The WiFi was good. They had free wine at happy hour ( but I wasnt around to take advantage)!
bubble_50	We enjoyed our stay especially with the helpful staff! Always able to take care of any need we had. TV channels limited, but thats not bad considering the comfortable room and extra amenities. Would definitely return!
bubble_40	A bunch of us went to NYC to do the touristy things.  We had 7 rooms at this hotel and it was excellent. The hotel is clean and the staff was great.  Dwayne was very helpful.  Anything we needed he did his best to accommodate us.  I will definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	This was the first time we went to NYC and didnt stay near time square.  This hotel was great - quiet and clean.   The wine at 5 was awesome to socialize and have a drink before going out on the town and the coffee machine was really nice to have at all hours.   Definitely recommended
bubble_50	This Hotel is well located, near many areas at walking distance, personnel is very friendly and we could enjoy nice chatting with friends in a small area where we can have very good coffee, fruits, etc. and we could refill our water bottles just in front of our room.
bubble_50	This Hotel is well located. It is in the heart of the financial district and close to transportation and restaurants. The rooms are clean and Housekeeping (shout out to LuLu) does a great job of keeping them clean. The Elevators are super fast and there is always chilled water available along with coffee and tea.
bubble_50	Clean room, quiet hallways, friendly staff. Comfy bed. Nice room. What more could you ask for? Free wine from 5-6pm. Nice pub off lobby. Parking a short walk away. Cab rank right in front. Could use a little room with snacks for sale.
bubble_30	Could not fault the staff at checking in but checking out there was a woman who was quite rude. The rooms are a decent size but for the location and room type it was very overpriced and room served was super expensive
bubble_50	The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly, location was great and price was fair. This was my 2nd stay there and I will be back. My only issue is that unfortunately at 7am on Saturday morning a crew was digging up the street directly below my window.
bubble_50	I had an excellent stay as part of a business trip.  Marcien at the front desk was particularly helpful.  There was some confusion with my reservation and he took the time and effort to correct it.  Wonderful Service!!
bubble_50	Located close to the Freedom Tower & all downtown attractions. Super clean hotel with great service.  Dwayne made us feel like family and was a great addition to the front desk staff. We'd stay there again even if we are doing something in another part of NYC.
bubble_50	I was well accommodated by Club Quarters Wall Street and on short notice; however, what impressed me was the pride the Club Quarters team seemed to take in providing high quality customer service--especially Marcien. I travel fairly frequently with my company and whenever I am in NYC I will request (and encourage my colleagues) to stay at Club Quarters Wall Street.
bubble_50	When we got to the hotel, marcien helped us upgrade our room so we had more room, and had a pull out bed. He was super friendly, and helpful. He was super funny and all our interactions between him, and other staff were always pleasant, making this stay wonderful. The complimentary wine between 5-6 PM was icing on the cake... made our stay that much better. Overall great hotel, location and great staff. And marcien was not hard on the eyes haha.
bubble_20	Although the staff was helpful, this place basically sucks. No hot water in my room to take a shower during my stay. Only one side of the bed has outlets for your phone/tablet/laptop. Bed was comfortable.
bubble_40	This hotel. evidently a former bank, was very inconspicuous. When we arrived we were greeted by a very friendly staff.  Every request was accommodated without question. The hotel is around the block from the 2 & 3 subway line so travel all over Manhattan was simple. There was a lot to see within walking distance and there was a grocery around the corner. The rooms were small but the amenities made up for that. Free beverages and snacks in the lobby, WIFI, business center, gym, free water bottle stations on every floor and they were happy to store our luggage before our check in time and until we were ready to leave. On our next Manhattan trip we will stay here again.
bubble_40	Functional hotel in the financial district.  Bed comfortable and nice sheets/duvet n pillow.  Hot flowing shower. Fitness room functional.  WiFi decent.  Generally fairly charmless.  Not much more to say really - if you want a functional hotel on Wall St, this is it.
bubble_40	We chose this hotel because it was near the ferry taking runners to the start of the New York City Marathon.  It was clean, quiet, around the corner from the subway, near good restaurants, blocks from the 911 memorial, and they give you free wine in the evenings.  What more could you want.
bubble_30	Super staff, and ideal location for WTC / Battery Park.1st room we had to move from as door shook each time lfit moved and air con broken - wonderful staff moved us and our luggage to a second room which unfortunately you could open the "locked" door by leaning on it!
bubble_40	The location is great, very close to several metro stations, very close to several restaurants, very close to the 9/11 memorial.The staff was great. The room very comfortable, the bed was fantastic .
bubble_50	If you are looking to stay in the Financial District or in lower NYC, this is a great place to stay. This is my second time staying at this hotel. It is stylish, clean, and in a great location. The staff is fantastic. We both found Dwayne to be particularly awesome! Love getting to interact with him and when he hosts the hotels wine happy hour.   Definitely would recommend this hotel to others.
bubble_50	The hotel is right next to the subway which was great. You can walk to the ferry that takes you to the Statue of Liberty. There are tons of places to eat close by. The room was clean. I called twice for help, once for a pillow and once because the TV would not bring up Netflix. Both times someone came quickly. They have wine at 5 which was a fun way to meet and talk with others. My real customer story service involved my sons beloved blanket. He has slept with this blanket since he was born, the blanket has been with him to six continents and has been by his side during hospitalizations. His blanket was involved in a personal mishap and I had to send it to the laundry. This made me really nervous. What if they lost his most prized possession. It's not like a piece of clothing
bubble_40	We had a very pleasant stay.  The room was mostly modern and up to date, clean, and spacious for the price.  The staff were very courteous.  Staff member Maida and the front desk lady were especially helpful and gracious.  Overall - great stay!
bubble_50	Love the location to all the lower Manhattan things to do (9/11memorial, Brooklyn bridge,canal st, south st Boats, charging bull) Room was perfect and very clean (Im very picky)  and I felt very comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Great stay!! Only con- not much view - just street and buildings but we spent zero time looking out the window so didnt matter to us
bubble_50	Stayed over the weekend for the NYC Marathon. I had a cozy room on the top floor. excellent location to take the ferry and very close to Wall Street subway station that has express lines to midtown/ Times Sq. Anthony & Kiki at reception were very accommodative from the get go. I will stay again at this place.
bubble_50	I stayed here for the ny marathon and it was perfect! Great location around the corner from the 2/3 wall st subway station, in walking distance to wtc, battery park, trinity church, etc. Easy to find with the CQ flag outside, quiet & safe area. Bed was super comfy, room was small but efficient with hair dryer, toiletries, coffee maker, and towels. My favorite extra touch was the water station in the hall with empty bottles you can fill and go! Able to put your scannable room key on a phone app in case you lose it. Free wine from 5-6p. Cant wait to return.
bubble_40	Quite decent location right on Wall Street.  Lots of very trendy places to eat within like 3-5 mins walk.  The subway station is literally no more then 2 mins away.  Overall a great value hotel for the price.  I would stay again.
bubble_50	They have lots of services for guests and the bathroom mirrors are the greatest to do your makeup. Love it great location for people running the NY marathon its only 8 min walk to the Staten Island Ferry
bubble_50	As a local, having the 2 & 3 train right outside the door is more than convenient. I stayed with someone visiting and was able to travel throughout the city easily. A lot of walk-able tourist spots- the world trade center, shopping and good food options. A pharmacy across the street that's always open in case you need anything. The cleaning service did an excellent job as well. I would definitely stay here again. The only downside is a bathroom with a sliding door that barely actually "closes" but that didn't matter much to me.
bubble_50	The hotel is primarily a business hotel and accommodates business travellers' needs to a T. Location is in the financial district. I was there for 3 days for leisure. The lobby includes coffee, fruit and cereals. Staff is friendly and helpful. In some hotels, they charge a fee to accept parcels, but not this one. I would stay here again.
bubble_20	I have been traveling to NY every 2-3 weeks for work and if you need a quiet, clean spot I would recommend you start elsewhere. This spot is in the heart of wallstreet and around 4-5am the sounds of NY come alive. There was a constant barrage of noises and sounds that woke me and kept me awake. The room is no where near sound proof so I was not able to sleep most of the night.   Also the doors don't seal meaning there is a light and noises that pour into the room. You can see from the pictures that there is a gap around the door. This allowed all the light and and sounds from the hallway to come into the room. I could hear everything from the hall all night long.   The staff was polite, helpful and nice but there is nothing they can do about the location.   If you need a good
bubble_50	A very nice hotel in a great location very close to Brooklyn Bridge, Broadway, Wallstreet, World Trade Center, good Subway Connection and also close to Shopping Hotspots. For New York standards sufficently large rooms, modern furnishing. Good Gym, very good WiFi, complimentary water, coffee and tee in the lobby and every day at 5 pm complimentary wine hour. Pleasant and very charming Check in with Kiki- also a very friendly stuff -all in all much to be recommended and come again.
bubble_50	This is the second time I have stayed at Club Quarters and I would not consider staying anywhere else in NY overall experience excellent, helpful polite staff, accommodation very clean and great value for money with excellent facilities
bubble_40	First visit to Lower Manhattan and this is a great location. Good for access to the river, Battery Park, Staten Island Ferry plus numerous little  bars and restaurants. Handy for Delmonico's !  Lounge providing complimentary coffee, fruit and nibbles all day. Chilled water machines on each floor . Complimentary wine hour each evening. Only down side is that some rooms, particularly Club rooms, are a bit small . Very helpful staff on the front desk especially Marcien who helped to make our stay so enjoyable.
bubble_50	Club Quarters in Wall Street is excellent. Very convenient location, friendly staff, nice rooms, clean, affordable, and most importantly: free wine tasting every day at 5! Dwayne was super helpful and friendly.
bubble_40	Well presented hotel and room overall. Bathroom a bit outdated, and carpet in room a bit shabby, but otherwise the room was very comfortable and the bed was one of the best I've slept in. Staff were friendly, especially the cleaning staff. Would have been nice if they were more attentive though - when I checked out I wasn't asked if I enjoyed my stay which felt a bit impersonal. Free wine between 5-6pm was lovely.
bubble_50	First let me say Dwayne (dramatic pause) was amazing  and accommodating especially at Happy Hour @ 5 p and check in! So super cool  It was our first time at Club Q Hotel but will definitely be back. Okay, let me go...Im gonna go enjoy the Halloween parade that everyone keeps raving about...thanks Dwayne, you da best!
bubble_40	Decent and clean room, at a reasonable price, good bathroom, iron and ironing board in the room. Working air conditioner, clean carpets, double bed, large screen TV with many channels. There is water provided, both still and sparkling on the hallways.
bubble_30	Very nice comfortable hotel, very handy for public transport.   One disappointment was that my room faced a huge brick wall with services, so I could not open the blinds.  Very handy for public transport and close to the amazing 9/11 memorial museum.
bubble_50	It was a very nice experience from the lobby to the room.  Everything was confortable and people like Larissa, Paola and Luis were very nice and made our stay very confortable. Coffee, fruits and seeds were all day for customer, very kind.
bubble_50	Club Quarters is a great chain with everything someone who is traveling for work needs. Coffee, carbonated water is so nice, filtered water on each floor, genius. They have thought of so much. We are already coming back in January for work. My favorite NY secret.
bubble_50	The hotel facilities plus location made it a very enjoyable visit for myself and my daughter. Being able to store our luggage the day of our flight after checkout was also very convenient. We would definitely stay at your hotel again!
bubble_50	Stayed for eight nights in October.  Excellent location, with four subway stations within a couple of hundred yards, opening up the whole of NYC!  Ten minute stroll to World Trade Centre, ten minute stroll to City Hall, ten minute stroll to Brooklyn Bridge, ten minute stroll to ferries to go to Staten Island and Statue of Liberty. A great touch in the hotel is the provision of free bottled water on each floor. The staff are very welcoming and helpful.  Particular mention for Slavica who kept our room spotless, and to Luis who was extremely helpful and polite. Another plus is that this hotel does not add on a 'Resort Fee', which so many others do. This was our third trip to NYC and this hotel will be the first we look at when we come back again.
bubble_40	Very friendly staff, clean rooms, very close to the subway and a 10 minute walk from the 9/11 memorial museum.  Times square is 15/20 minutes on the subway.  Statten Island Ferry a 10 minute walk away.  Only drawback was that my room was facing a huge wall with all the services.
bubble_50	Very conveniently located right by the Wall Street subway; front desk service was great; suite was clean, spacious, very quiet; appreciated that it was stocked with extra blanket and yoga mat; perfect for travel for business in the Wall Street area; only issue was that the HVAC was a bit loud
bubble_50	It's a pleasure to stay at this hotel.  There is much to do in walking distance.  The hotel is full service and is very prompt in fulfilling any needs that a guest might have.  The rooms are small, but all hotel rooms in this part of New York City are small.
bubble_50	Thanks Kiki ! You made our stay awesome  Your customer service was awesome  Thanks for making this stay the best  The room is great and the perfect size for New York  This is our go to hotel in lower Manhattan  Also thanks to Lauren for all the help  She made check in easy
bubble_40	CQ room was great size, clean, tidy and in a fabulous location. The snacks, coffee and fresh water were a bonus. Loved the free laundrette. Lots of places to dine within a 5 minute walk from hotel. Close to Wall St/ Fulton St stations.
bubble_50	Great locations, clean modern rooms with a smart Tv that pars with your devices, riendly staff, great restaurant next to, close to the Metro and many attractions, I have stayed at another hotels charging the same per-diem rate and by far this is the best!
bubble_50	Shoutout to KiKi for the hospitality. She was a great concierge, showed me where to go and answered all my questions. Also the house cleaning was great. Good job on the cleaning service for making it great Will definetly stay here again when I come back next year - adrian e.
bubble_50	I recently stayed at the Club Quarters in the Financial District in NYC. It's central to everything. I was able to walk to all my client meetings. Soul Cycle was just a 5 minute walk from the hotel so I was even able to squeeze in a solid workout. Also, the staff was extremely friendly. Kiki was working the front desk when I arrived and helped make sure that I was set up in the room of my choice.
bubble_50	Great location next to my training site. Restaurant on site with room service. Nightly cocktail hour is nice. Next door to a church so I did hear church bells on the hour during the day but not at night.
bubble_50	Very recommended hotel near Wall Street with clean and comfortable room, equipped for business and family visit. Very helpful staff ready to help in any question or request. Amenities in the room and lobby include coffee machine , hair blower, continental breakfast and much more
bubble_50	We have stayed here three times now since August.  It is our go to place in this part of the city while visiting our daughter at Pace Univ.  It is reasonably priced, clean, quiet and has nice people.  Love the water stations on every floor too! Beds are very comfortable and bathrooms very clean.  The parking garage is very close and also reasonably priced.  Check in/out can be slow, usually seem understaffed but worth if for everything else.
bubble_40	Everything was great! The staff all very friendly and helpful!  I enjoyed the complementary wine which was available daily!  Also, great snacks and coffee station!!  My only complaint was the food next door.  Talk about bar food...
bubble_40	This hotel is really close to all major attractions in Downtown. The bed was really comfortable, the water was decent warm. I had asked for Microwave in the room, before checking-in, but there was non in the room.
bubble_40	Easy check in and a lot of useful hotel info available with the app, and nice amenities for a business traveler. Liked the Peleton bike in the gym and the snacks and water. The heater was a little loud when it kicked on, but everything else was great.
bubble_50	I was on a three-day business trip with meetings downtown. This hotel was a very short walk to wall street and the financial district. Plenty to do in the evening   and close to Brooklyn bridge.  The room w was very big for NYC, and, somehow, the price was low. All good.
bubble_40	I really enjoyed my stay at the Club Quarters Hotel on Wall Street.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The gym, purified water and bottle, and quaint rooms made this hotel feel like home.  They had free wine in the mid evening even though I did not take advantage because I am not a wine drinker.  The rooms are comfortable.  The shower could be a little bigger, but it wasn't bad.  The beds were the best!!!!!  They were so comfortable.  I barely spent any time in the room though.  I think the hotel was a bit overpriced, but what NYC hotel is not?  The rooms feel like living in a small NYC apartment.  You can download their app in order to unlock your room from your phone instead of using a key.  This is in a great location!  It can be a little tricky to find though.  I
bubble_50	Fantastic location, spacious clean rooms and a special thanks to Dwayne for his incredible hospitality. Instantly made us feel at home and the complimentary happy hour of an afternoon was a welcome bonus!
bubble_50	I have stayed here several times and have never had an issue.  Recent remodeling and upgrades have only made this location even better!   In addition to being a great place to stay, it is close to several excellent restaurants, and the entire area is very walkable.   If you need to take the subway, a station is just a few steps away.
bubble_50	Writing this for my daughter and niece , they had a fantastic time in New York and would definitely stay at this hotel again , made all the better by the fantastic house keeper called Lulu , she made sure everything was spotless and ready for them , so a big thank you Lulu for looking after them . She always had a big smile for them and told them to take care
bubble_50	Perfectly situated in the Lower Manhattan Financial District for the business traveler. The room was clean, well furnished, and very quiet at night considering the constant "hum" of New York.I will stay here again when business calls me back.
bubble_50	rooms are small but very comfortable, quit and clean. All I did was shower and sleep. it had a nice bar attached to hotel. fitness center looked really nice though I did not have time to use it.  close to subway
bubble_40	Excelent Location, Big Rooms, Good Sleep and especially, cofee free and water.Near the metro station .I really recommend this hotel. Near the Brooklyn Bridge. food options nea this place for if feed.
bubble_50	The hotel has great locations in New York. Rooms are newly remodeled, simple and clean! The hotel itself was quite and you felt comfortable.  The staff was helpful and accommodating. We were able to leave our luggage while we met friends before we left. There was a parking garage which gave us a discount with hotel validation right around the corner.
bubble_40	Pleased with the experience I had staying at the hotel. I am scheduled to stay there again. It is conveniently located and has a good restaurant and bar on the premises. It is also close to public transportation.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 5 nights.  Found the location to be excellent, it's easy to get the lay of the land around here as a tourist because you are down at the bottom part of Manhattan.  Well serviced by multiple subway stop choices.  Close to World Trade Center district and Financial District.  Some excellent Bars are dotted around such as Dead Rabbit and Stone Street.  Don't forget to checkout Century 21 for some amazing shopping bargains.  Front desk were very helpful.
bubble_20	The pros were check inn was fast and efficient and our room was ready early. The room was a good size for NYC and the bathroom was modern.  The cons were that we didn't get a good night sleep on either night. The first night we awaken by a phone call at 3:30 am followed by a knock on the door by a pizza delivery person. We didn't order a pizza and how did the delivery person get past hotel security? The second night we were awaken by people partying on our floor and the smell or what i assume was marijuana was very strong. If I was on another floor, I might think differently of this hotel but this was first visit and I have only have this experience to reflect on.
bubble_30	Our stay at Club Quarters was convenient and over decent. Our favorite experience was interacting with LuLu!!! She was such a beautiful soul, very friendly, accommodating and helpful! They serve wine from 5-6pm everyday which is pretty cool. If you want a room where you can sleep, keep your stuff and truly enjoy exploring NYC rather than staying in your room, id recommend this hotel. The metro was literally on the same block, it was a quiet area and we personally had no issues during our stay.
bubble_50	All around great experience! Hotel staff is very helpful and friendly. Rooms are well kept and equipped. LOVED the water bottle refilling stations in the hallways! Location is fun with plenty of shopping, restaurants, sightseeing, and transportation options within walking distance.
bubble_50	Solid experience from arrival to departure! Close to many remarkable shops, entertainment, restaurants and nightlife! There is also a great resturant right next door, and theres plenty of lounging areas to just sit back and relax accompanied by a complementary wine and snack hour from 6-7 on Friday! Enjoy, we did! 10/2018
bubble_50	I came to NYC on vacation for a few days, and I was thoroughly impressed with this hotel! All of the staff members I met were friendly and considerate, and the 24 hour complimentary water and snacks came in handy for me. I had a wonderful view and the building was in a great location as there is a subway station right on the corner of the building. I had a huge smart TV right at the foot of the bed and when it came time to check out, I waited as long as I could because I didn't want to leave! I will absolutely stay here again!
bubble_40	I was on the penthouse level which was great but the room was not as clean as I would have wanted.  The carpet had paint all over it, the sink still had hair in it from the previous guest and the furniture was very poor quality.  With the extra space they could add some additional pieces of furniture to make the room more cozy.
bubble_10	I frequently stay at this location and I must say that the people in the front desk are fantastic. However, in repeated occasions myself and some of my colleagues, have left behind important items that could perhaps be easily retrieved, the response from the lost and found department is always the same. "We did not find anything" This las time, one my colleagues purposely left a vest on the bed so that I could claim it the next day. As soon as I found out that he had left the item in the room, I went to the front desk so that I could retrieve it. Unfortunately, the person in charge of the lost and found was not available and I had to head over to the airport. I called immediately the next day and left a voicemail, spoke to some folks in the front desk and nobody was able to
bubble_40	The room was very clean, the staff friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the (daily) happy hour. Coffee in the room for free. Two little problems we have to mention: Early in the morning the water for a shower isn't hot as it should be and the door to the bathroom is unable to close.
bubble_50	2nd trip to New York. Club Quarter provides so much more in service & friendship. Free water, fruit, peanuts, M&Ms & coffee at any time of the day & night. Best is @ 5pm free wine everyday. The price is approx the same but we have a room larger than last time & we have a fridge.  The staff have been excellent so far. Will be back.
bubble_40	Excellent location, clean and cheap, (all things considered).  Love the wine in the lobby concept for this chain. The rooms are small but adequate and an upgrade is typically readily available for a small fee. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They have recyclable water bottles and filtered water stations on every floor, which is really thoughtful. We use them in our room and fill them up for our backpack when we go sight seeing. Saves money on buying bottled water! They even have an app that makes your phone your room key! The only downfall is a lack of pillows/blankets/pillowcases, etc., in the help yourself community closet on every floor.
bubble_50	A very clean hotel in the heart of the financial district. The staff couldnt be any nicer. We dealt with Marciien who was so very helpful and accommodating. He made us feel like we were staying with family. We loved this hotel and will definitely be back.
bubble_50	Very good service, great happy hour in the lobby (no pay). check out at 12 o clock very nice time.We may recommended the hotel to every one who visit New York. Subway to all parts of New York very close at the hotel.
bubble_50	Very well located hotel in NY. Good for business and for leisure for sight seeing. Very clean, modern hotel with professional and customer oriented, intelligent, helpfull personnel. Small, but clean, modern room with all you need to stay.
bubble_50	I visited NYC again. This time i stayed at the CQH at Wallstreet. Staff was really friendly, roomservice did a great job and the reception team was also a pleasure to talk with. I will defintly will stay if I'm ack inm NYC. Big up to Dwayne!
bubble_50	My husband and I recently stayed at CQ Wall St. during a weekend stay in NYC to visit our adult children.  Our stay was as comfortable as any we have had in the city in the years we have been to visit.  While Wall St is much further south than we tend to stay, we were blocks to subways taking us to any destination in Brooklyn and Manhattan we needed to access.  The room rates were extremely competitive, which won us over, but the amenities and comforts will bring us back.  The staff were very helpful and pleasant, the room (bed, noise level, in-room amenities) comfortable.
bubble_50	Great location and friendly staff. The room was average size for a New York City hotel, It is very close to Wall Street and walking distance to Fulton Market, Battery Park, and The Twin Towers Memorial. I always try stay here when I travel to NYC for business.
bubble_10	I never made this reservation, the hotel has fraudulently gotten hold of my details. I have sent multiple emails and even phoned the hotel directly, but the staff I dealt with were very rude and unhelpful, It was like they could not be bothered to help me at all!.. I ended up going back to booking.com who had no record of the booking. Overall I am very concerned how this booking was made with my details. I am extremely disgusted with the lazy and rude staff members. DO NOT EVEN ENTERTAIN THIS HOTEL! I would not recommend a stay here to anyone!!!
bubble_50	Excellent location; amazingly comfortable bed; super close in proximity to the subway; clean/tidy space, great water pressure, etc...but the stellar customer service is what will keep us coming/going back to this hotel again and again and again.My husband and I were in NYC, celebrating our wedding anniversary and my husband's birthday and from the moment we checked in, the customer service was top notch. Dwayne and Lauren were especially kind and helpful, so special thanks to them (there was also another gentleman but unfortunately, I didn't get his name).I can't forget to mention "Wine@5" and the complimentary chilled, purified, bottled water!  Much appreciated!I highly recommend this hotel - you will not be disappointed!
bubble_50	stayed here for a weeks holidays in August and loved this hotel. Great location, amazing staff and gorgeous room. Also had a great wine at 5 club and complimentary snacks in the reception room. it is easily accessible to a number of sub way stations so it makes travelling to most destinations very easy. also within a few minutes walk of south street seaport and Battery Park.
bubble_40	Exceptional service and staff. Make reservations early.  Plan on comfortable bedding and access to amenities.  Great location as subway and cab services are not frequent.  Have front desk call cabs for your early or car service.  Hard to find.
bubble_50	We spent the night here after attending a concert at the Pier 17 Rooftop. The location is short walk to South Street Seaport and one block from the Wall Street Subway station and close to the Fulton Street station. First time staying at Club Quarters and well satisfied with our experience. Superior room was perfect for two, comfortable bed, quiet a/c, good size shower w/quality towels. Online checkin is great. We had our room number before we left home. Front desk personnel were cordial, pointing out benefits such as complimentary snacks and beverages. Will use them again in the future.
bubble_50	Our stay in the Club Quarters in Wall Street was wonderful.  the hotel itself is in pristine condition.  The rooms were exceptionally clean.  And the service was fantastic.  Especially Shuba and Lauren at the front desk.  Kind, courteous, and very helpful.   I would recommend this hotel to everyone.
bubble_40	good location and nice bar they have, room is not big but clean.it's a good chose for not only busuness but also travel trip.Only one thing can be improved that is we can hear the sound from nest room.
bubble_30	Avoid the penthouse floor.  The Rooms are smaller. The hallways are smaller. The Bathrooms need a refresh. There were 2 buckets in the hallways to collect leaking water.TV did not work past channel 39 (40+ channels had sounds but no video).
bubble_30	My colleagues and I had rooms on different floors, and our experiences varied.  My room was on 4th floor, same floor as the housekeepers' lounge and break room.  Bed was comfortable, but I didn't get any sleep due to the street construction throughout the night.  Better acoustical windows or window treatments would help.  I liked the chilled, purified water dispenser and refillable bottles available on every floor.  Proper hydration while on travel is always a challenge.
bubble_50	I arrived at a very busy time, and found the room to be comfortable, a nice happy hour and great staff.  Will stay again the next time I am on business in New York.  The hotel was close to city transport, food and amenities.
bubble_30	I stayed there three nights and requested the change of my room because of loud AC. Unfortunately, the room I changed to has very loud AC too. It was very disappointing as we couldn't turn on AC, and there is no circulation in the room.
bubble_40	The bed in this hotel is fantastic! However there was a bit noise during the night caused by the ventilation system, I suppose. The position is super: near the underground, near the Brooklin Bridge and the memorial Museum.
bubble_50	The Hotel neighborhood is very inviting. One could walk out the door in any direction and find something to do without feeling threatened by anyone or anything.My wife and I walked to The Dead Rabbit  Bar ( voted best in the world ) at night with no trouble The hotel itself is the same way. You need a key to access the floors where the rooms are located. The lobby was bright and comfortable. The staff  went out of their way to make sure we enjoyed our anniversary weekend. The room was spacious and decorated attractively. Everything was clean. No complaints.
bubble_40	Located a few steps from Wall Street, the New York Stock Exchange and Battery Park, the location is top and the hotel price extremely fair.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating, and the afternoon complimentary "happy hour" was an unexpected treat.
bubble_50	Space was clean, front desk was cheery and genuinely invested in our satisfaction. Our room was tiny, but we really only needed the bed. We stayed in the club room - and it fit my husband, daughter and myself just fine. They were running a promo for $10 off 24 hour parking at a garage around the corner on Liberty, but finding it was absolutely horrendous. Between the pedestrian traffic and nonexistent signage it took my husband 4 trips around to find it! The pub connected has great drinks and specials. My daughter (6) loves the free snacks, seltzer and water stations in the lobby area. Overall, wed stay here again in a heartbeat.
bubble_50	Great location and good value. Would recommend to anyone headed to the area. Hotel and rooms were clean and looks to have had a recent modern renovation. Many complimentary items available. All staff were very warm and friendly.
bubble_50	CQ Wall Street is a great location.  Large, 24-hr Duane Reed 100 yds away, subway stop at the end of the block and a nice selection of dining options in walking distance.  The staff is always friendly and eager to help if you have any questions. We've been staying at this hotel for years and have never had a negative experience!
bubble_50	Lovely Staff! Especially Nadia giving out these lovely cards and good vibes. Great stay. Great location. Easy access to most of the tourist spots in New York by walk. Complimentary coffee and wine and great ambience. Would recommend it.
bubble_50	We booked a superior room at this hotel.By New York standards,the staff is friendly and helpful.  The room was well appointed, functional and spacious (by New York standards). Its a convenient location with easy access to different subways and different sightseeing  locations in Downtown Manhattan.       The restaurant downstairs was clean and served good breakfast.Their lounge is quite good.
bubble_50	From t he m8 Ute you enter the hitel, the ambience is awesome, the greetings, the snacks, service is amaz8ng. The beds are just so plush, you sleep like a princess. The bathrooms are spacious. I just wish they had bathrobes, there is a writ8ng tableland a mini frig.
bubble_50	The location was good because it was within 2 or 3 minute walk from Wall Street Station , except I often heard people quarreling loudly on the street at night. It was a little scary. So I wouldn't recommend you this hotel if you are planning to go out late at night. However, the room was clean and tidy. I'll  use this hotel again when I stay at New York.
bubble_50	I have travelled many many times, and have stayed in accommodation ranging from 1* motels to 5* resorts. This particular hotel is one of the best I've had the pleasure to stay in.  Staying here definitely made the trip to NY even better.   We paid around 660 for 2 people, for 5 nights and booked a small queen, but got upgraded to a regular queen. For the price we paid, the location and quality surpassed all expectations.  The area: Financial District, right by Wall Street and the NYSE. Quiet area especially in the evenings, but a 24 hour walgreens is a 2 minute walk, and 3 subways stations are within a 5 minute walk. There ae plenty of food and drink stops in the area, including a beloved Dunkin Donuts opposite. Many of these places are shut by evening time, however, but there
bubble_40	This property has it just right; very good service, spacious rooms for New York City standards and a lovely social room for travelers to meet and greet.  The location is in the heart of the Wall Street area making business travel convenient.  Restaurants are very accessible.
bubble_40	Good location in the heart of Wall Street.Bedroom and bathroom with the ideal size.Hotel staff quite helpful.bar attached to the hotel very lively and with varied menu.variety of coffee shops near the hotel.
bubble_50	I enjoyed my recent stay due in large part to the stellar customer service of Dwayne throughout. His attentiveness and consideration was top notch. The rooms were spacious and comfortable and access to the subway was a short walk away.
bubble_30	had to ask for towels every day they only left one set there was 2 of ussame  location and shampoo fire alarms sounded at 4:40 could hardly hear themelevator only one was working 3 out of 5 days we were there
bubble_40	The staff is very accommodating and will try to make you feel respected and comfortable. The hotel provided free beverages and snacks daily in the lounge, they also offered a daily wine social from 5 - 6 PM, which many hotel guest including myself took advantage. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. Our coffee maker was unserviceable for a couple of days, once reported it was replaced. Excellent staff, they deserve to be commended.
bubble_40	Great customer service, but the rooms need a little repair. I would have liked more linens to come with the room. Also the room I got was a corner room so if my door was opened, people in the hall could see me in bed. Lol
bubble_40	Friendly helpful staff, comfortable lounge providing extras such as coffee, nibbles and wine hour in evening,  Good food and drink in Baileys bar joined to hotel.  Shame I had 5am fire alarm and was on 19th floor.  False alarm but good drill which went smoothly.
bubble_30	The hotel charges "extra" for more than one person in a room that is "superior," has a kitchenette and is considered suitable for up to three people.  The website doesn't make this clear, and this policy is unusual in the hotel business.
bubble_30	It is very difficult to carry the luggage to the room. The executive charged additional charge for extra couple of hours stay. There should be a notification to the customer on check out time. No fridge at rooms.
bubble_40	good hotel in a good location. you get all you need. rooms are clean, not too big though. offer snacks during the day in the lobby room. it is good value for money overall. good for short business trip. not luxurious.
bubble_30	Run like the plague infected this place. Lackluster service and horrible billing department. The left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing so things fall through the cracks. Absolute Nightmare to deal with because no one seems to know what they are doing an just want to pass your issue or concern on to another person rather than handle the issue at hand. There is no reason why I had to deal with 8 different representatives in order to get one corporate reservation paid off.
bubble_50	Hotel was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly, efficient and knowledgeable. Overall, it was a great experience. In the heart of the financial district, it is great for anyone going to that location for business.
bubble_50	I have stayed here twice now, and the location is great, the hotel is average, but the staff is very nice and very accommodating. They also have a great filtered water system that I love.I would stay here again.
bubble_50	Thanks to the GM Ralph, I was turned on to Club Quarters Wall St; a 5pm free wine tasting, complimentary water bottles and snacks 24/7 and app capability to do everything was the first time I've experienced any of this with a hotel. The room was very clean and well kept. The handwritten note was also a nice touch. Best part is the location, which puts you near 3 different train lines (red, green, yellow), making access to NYC super easy. I would certainly go back myself and recommend anyone else to check it out.
bubble_50	Great hotel. You cant beat the location. Its just off of Wall St. The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly. The room was nice and quiet, so it was easy to sleep. Id definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	This hotel is amazing. I stay all over the world and I really appreciate the little things that some places do. This place was one of them. The front desk clerk was amazing so helpful and kind. The room was spacious and clean. Drinking water station on our floor. Coffee & snacks. Just a wonderful hotel I will stay there again for sure!!
bubble_50	This location is convenient for either business and sight seeing. It is a block away from the exchange, and close to all trains (2,3,4,5,J, M). Within a few blocks, there are pharmacy, grocery, TJ Maxx and etc.
bubble_50	I have stayed at Club Quarters a number of times and have always received a warm welcome, a friendly service, a clean room, comfortable bed and lovely bathroom. Great location. Will definitely stay here again
bubble_40	Spent two nights here as part of a business trip on wall stStreet theatre staff were friendly checking in. The room was clean and comfortable with a decent size space (for NYC) I would definitely use it again.
bubble_40	Stayed one night on a business trip and found hotel to be totally adequate and a decent value. Rooms were clean, bed was comfortable, gym was decently-equipped, staff was friendly. But nothing special.
bubble_50	They made me feel very welcome and cater to me needs . Again I live the free wine that was provide and also the coffee in the morning. The hotel was nice and clean !! For nyc the room was a nice size room
bubble_50	Great hotel, friendly and helpful staff.The location is great if you travel in downtown Manhattan, there's a subway station just one minute away (walking).The room was big, clean and very convenient.Also there's coffee, sodas and water free all day.
bubble_50	The hotel provided a very nice room and excellent service.  Staff were both helpful and efficient.  The guest lounge provided comfort along with snacks and drinks and was a much appreciated added bonus along with the self service laundry. The hotel is in a great location and we loved staying there...thank you.
bubble_50	The Club Quarters was great, the hotel was pleasant, rooms where clean, great atmosphere/environment and staff was professional and very helpful. Definitely will stay there again when Im back in New York.
bubble_50	During our 3rd time in NYC we stayed here! After 2 Times staying in Midtown Manhattan we wanted to stay downtown and booked this hotel! We checked in after our roadtrip through Northeast USA!  Location of this hotel is awesome! All downtown hotspots are nearby, such as the Brooklyn Bridge, the 9/11 memorial and Battery Park! Rooms are pretty spacious! We first got a room next to a generator, but since my husband is sensitive to buzzing sounds we asked for an other room! Not a problem! Staff is very friendly!  On every floor theres a station where you can get complimentary chilled water! Perfect, since we were visiting during a heatwave!  Theres also free wine around 5 pm in the club room!  We would definitely come back to this hotel!  It was our best hotel in NYC so far!
bubble_40	Nice place to stay in NY. Not too close from the most common sight places but alwaya a train ride or rides away. Train accessible walking distance to major lines so no issues. We walked during the night most days of our stay with no issues. It is a safe/quiet zone. Rooms are a bit small but it is NY.
bubble_50	We only slept at the hotel  as our daughter lived nearby. The hotel was clean, staff very helpful. Near to attractions and shops. Hotel also has a washer and dryer and supplies washing powder and fabric softener. Recommended
bubble_40	Slow wifi, so unable to watch an Amazon Prime show despite repeated attempts. Staff was very nice, room was clean and a good size for NYC, comfy bed, rate was very reasonable. Would stay there again despite the wifi.
bubble_50	Super comfortable and cozy.Very friendly staff,clean and top of the line rooms.Ammenities are fantastic as special details as the unlimited purified water to refill the bottles,snacks all day as well as coffee and tea at the lounge and at 6 oclock in the afternoon complimentary wine!!!
bubble_50	The location is ideal for access to the subway (a one minute walk to the 2 and 3 line), close to Battery Park (from where you can board the Staten Island Ferry and various New York cruises or just sit and look out towards the Statue of Liberty). There are lots of good and some excellent places nearby to eat and drink. The staff are professional, pleasant and helpful and the hotel is well-appointed, as you would expect from the brand. The rooms are very clean and also quiet, so easy to sleep. Easy to pay a cheaper rate and get a lot less - we found this very good value for money having visited New York 8 times. This was our second stay in the hotel and we wouldn't hesitate to book again.
bubble_40	I had a great experience. Staff was friendly and rooms are immaculate. Nadia the housekeeper was about the friendliest person I've ever met. The only reason I didn't give a 5 was an issue with the fire alarm, which went off during my stay. I couldn't hardly hear it from my room and had a significant delay in getting out. 2 of the 3 elevators went out and 100+ guests had to share 1, which was impossible. Otherwise, pretty nice place to stay.
bubble_10	Worst hotel Ive ever stayed at and I travel internationally often.  The service was subpar.   Everyone looked like they had a terrible day without even a greeting or a smile during checkin.    Got the Penthouse Floor with a broken elevator.  Had to take the elevator to the 20th Floor and then lug my luggage up 2 flights of stairs to my room.  Could have at least offered to help.    The penthouse rooms was more like an attic space.   Slanted ceilings with an extremely small 1 room area.  A bath room size that is close to what you find on a boat.   About the smallest space Ive stayed in.    Fire alarm goes off at 5am and had to walk down 20 floors just in time for the false alarm call.  Then the hotel had only 1 functioning elevator left for several hundred guests to get back
bubble_50	Reception staff were friendly, helpful and courteous. My standard room provided all that I needed, and was very quiet at night. There was a subway entrance within about 40m, making it very easy to get around Manhattan and beyond. Access to a free laundry at no cost was an unexpected bonus.
bubble_50	We absolutely loved our stay. Great location to the places we wanted to visit, the staff was amazing helping direct us tourist, and provided us with an umbrella for an entire day. We stayed there 3 nights and were amazed at the courtesy staff paid to each and every person. The rooms were very clean, bed comfortable, and light breakfast was good. The wine served from 5-6 was an added touch with the snacks. Always made sure we made it back for the wine. Thank you for making our visit to New York memorable!
bubble_40	Positive notes: The location and room was clean and cosy. Also the staff was friendly and there was free coffee and snacks.Negative notes: Window was letting in too much street noise and air conditioner was too loud.
bubble_50	Nice property very well located and with a fantastic staff that realy cares about the guest needs. The rooms are of good size and the a/c is quiet and efficent, the bed is great and the facility is very clean.
bubble_40	If you look for a nice hotel on the southern part of Manhattan, this is a hotel I would like to recommend. Very comfortable beds and extra services included as free fruit and afternoon wine in the lobby bar as well as purified water to refill water botles whenever you want. Breakfast is not included but there is a nice bar/bistro next door, serving both breakfast and brunch.
bubble_40	Had to transfer to another hotel during my New York stay and chose Club Quarters in the Wall Street area because it was extremely affordable compared to similar hotels in Manhattan. I can't speak to the area since I mostly hung out in Midtown but the hotel itself was very comfortable during my stay. It's a very modern hotel focused on both technology, fitness, and comfort. I loved that they had a refillable water station in the hallways since I always have to go out and get at least a gallon when staying at hotels. This is great for travelers on the go who need to take a bottle with them especially when facing the humidity and heat of the city during the summertime.   One thing I always give additional praise for in a hotel is wifi capability. If I'm traveling, I always like to
bubble_50	Everything exceeded my expectations. The room was very clean & all of the staff were very pleasant and helpful. Compared to my other stay in NY this room was easily twice if not three times the size for not much more cost wise. It is centrally located to just about anything you could possible want to do. If you need to get somewhere the subway is couple minutes away. The hotel WiFi was very fast and the channel lineup had a good selection. Water chillers with empty bottles ready to go was a very nice touch as well. Probably saved me $20-$30 just on water alone. Would not hesitate to stay here again.
bubble_50	The room was very clean and the hotel had good facilities. Located next to the station, so it was easy to get around in New York. Staff was very friendly and helpfull. They decorated the room for my boyfriends birthday.
bubble_40	Nice central hotel, great staff, free coffee and wine. Walking distance to nyse, batterie park etc. Subway infront of the hotel too. Would go there again to visit downtown. Also direct train from the airport
bubble_50	I didnt know what to expect because I have never stayed nor have I known anyone who has stayed at a Club Quarters Hotel. First, location was fabulous to where I needed to be, it was close to excellent restaurants, parking associated with hotel was close and very inexpensive, room was nice and bed was comfy!
bubble_50	Excellent Hotel close to most of the NYC attractions such as NYSE, charging bull, One world Center, etc. Friendly and helpful staff. Enjoyed our short stay here. Will definitely go back to stay if I get a chance!! Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Room and staff were good. Free water, fruits, drinks, wine at 5, snacks were appreciable. Hotel right by the 2, 3 subway station, perfect. Good neighborhood, calm at night for Manhattan. Nice value for money.
bubble_50	Really good hotel, located in the heart of downtown, walking distance to all the finance district as well as the 9/11 memorial. Subway station a cross the street plus really safe area. Good size hotel room, clean, flatscreen tv and good bed. Without any doubt this was a really good choice
bubble_40	Overall a good stay. A great location that is both walkable and close to a number of subway lines. The staff was very friendly and helpful but it was unfortunate that the hotel understaffed for being such a busy weekend (Labor Day). Since we couldn't check in that morning we left our bags with the hotel and it took 25 minutes to get them back.   Our room was nice. They look like they have been recently renovated. The bathroom was very clean and in good shape. The one note about that is that it takes quite a while to get hot water in the shower, just give it time. The bed was very comfortable as well. A nice touch is that they have free filtered water and water bottles on every floor.
bubble_50	We were 2 nights in this hotel. Wall street is from walking distance. There is also lot attractions near which you can look for. Hotel room was clean, bed was good. Air conditioning was good. Hotel staff were politly and helpful. They had answers for our all questions. Nice surprise was that hotel offered local wines for free at 17pm for 1 hour. There was also free snacks & pepsis & other sodas free of charge at lobby.
bubble_50	This hotel was just great - it was very clean and had great service.  The extras of free bottled water, free wine hour, and free coffee/tea anytime were unexpected and very appreciated.   I highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	This hotel was just what we needed for a weekend stay in New York City, but it was only affordable on the weekend. I like this style of hotel. Modern rooms and not too big or small. We got a room with one queen size bed. Wall Street shuts down on weekends, so it's quiet and there's little traffic. The hotel is near many Metro lines. Attached to the hotel is a restaurant/bar that serves a good breakfast. In addition, there's a happy hour in the evening with wine and snack foods (peanuts, etc.). The hotel is also within walking distance of Trinity Church, shopping, and the World Trade Center Memorial and Museum.  We don't use fitness facilities, but this hotel has a fitness room and each room has a yoga mat.
bubble_40	we had a really pleasant stay during our 4 nights in this hotel!!  +very friendly staff (p.s. kind regards to Sanela and Carlos,you were even extra friendly) +free snacks like fruits in the morning and fresh water  +very clean +close to some attractions
bubble_50	I have stayed in this hotel about a dozen times... my sons were living in Lower Manhattan and often chose CQ for me to stay when I would visit and because my work office is close by, I could walk from Club Quarters to my publishing houses and then back. Perfect for both things! Nice personnel, the front desk folks are marvelous and housekeeping is friendly and polite. I heartily recommend this hotel. Yes, it has small rooms, but so do most places in Manhattan and with so much to see and do we spend very little time in our room. Also good seasonal rates.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Wall Street CQ property this week, and couldn't have been more impressed.  I travel often for work, and there are several things I look for in my hotel accommodations. 1. Cleanliness 2. Accommodations 3. Staff service.  All three which were fantastic!  The hotel was clean, the rooms are BY FAR better than any of the hotels (rooms) I've stayed at in Midtown (which is the size of a small closet). CQ rooms are a very nice size, as are the bathrooms.  They offer room service, and have a restaurant attached to their property, that I consider a good option!  Not to mention, some really great restaurants around the hotel. The best part of my stay was the AMAZING, DELIGHTFUL, AND PROFESSIONAL staff!  This for me goes a long way!  I had the pleasure to interact with
bubble_50	Close to anything you need! Metro just around the corner. Close to WTC and ferry to lady liberty. A lot of caf, restaurant, shopping etc. Short subway ride to Times sq and everything else you want to visit for a long weekend in New York.
bubble_30	Our stay was ok. Location was very convenient if you want to stay in lower Manhattan, close to Battery park, 9/11 museum. Hotel room was small, bathroom is tiny, some of the electric outlets were not secured properly, so they were loose. I didn't like the idea of filling out cold/filtered water from empty bottles. They looked brand new, but not very sure if they were brand new bottles or used or sanitized. Air conditioning was too loud sometimes.  In the lobby waiting area, they had fruits, coffee, cappuccino, late machine, which I liked.But coffee was not very flavorful. Staff were nice and there is a place nearby that's open 24/7 where you can get food, drinks, snacks, etc.
bubble_50	Great location if you are looking to be in lower Manhattan. Centrally located to shopping, restaurants, the waterfront. Rooms are redone beautifully and it is immaculately clean. New furniture, TV, carpeting, bathroom. Our room was small but perfect for two people.  Very affordable for NYC.  Will be our "go to" when visiting family in lower Manhattan.
bubble_50	Located really close to Wall Street the hotel provides beautiful and spacious rooms with a gym facility and many extras! We especially loved the coffee machine in the room and the little snacks in the lobby. The room was clean with a nice view, extra work space and two chairs. The bed was big and comfortable and the bathroom spacious and clean. All the staff was helpful, smiley and polite, especially Marcien in the reception who loved my shirts and of course sweet Shuba! When we return in New York we definitely go again, a wonderful hotel in a beautiful and safe area in a good price!
bubble_50	I discovered this gem totally by accident. I am so glad I did. This is a hidden treasure in Manhattan that is special. When I checked in, Dwayne was working the desk. What a pleasure. He was friendly, engaging and actually good at his job. The room I booked was spacious, clean, modern and had spectacular views. The complimentary 5 o'clock wine social hour with snacks was a total bonus. I have been traveling for a living for the past 35 years and have stayed in literally thousands of hotels. This is one of that surpassed my expectations and I will be back again.
bubble_40	I stayed at Club Quarters for 2 nights. Be prepared to carry your suitcase up some stairs before getting to the front desk. The room and bathroom were very clean.  The bed was a bit uncomfortable, its's starting to sink in the middle. Free coffee, tea, snacks and non alcoholic beverages are available all day and it's free.  Overall the front desk staff were very friendly and the Hotel is at a great location.
bubble_50	We had a nice room , it was a miminist  room, we walked in an there was a bed, and a sofa... and two tv's and a very small bathroom. The CQ staff were very attentive , when we called for more towels and washcloths,  we got them not too long after that!
bubble_50	I had a fantastic stay at Club Quarters Hotel. All staff were incredibly polite, but especially to Dwayne and Suba for really making me feel welcomed as I visited NYC by myself. Would definitely stay here in the future as the rooms are lovely and the hotel is situated in an ideal position for everything. I highly recommend!
bubble_40	Location is perfect if you are working downtown--but also close to great tourist destinations as well. Everyone who works at CQ is super friendly and helpful. They have happy hour every day from 5-6 pm which is nice! Gives people a chance to have free wine and mingle a bit. Dwayne, who works at CQ Wall Street, is super friendly and always goes above and beyond to accommodate.
bubble_30	We stayed one night and had an average stay. The room was a decent size for NYC and the check in was efficient. The free coffee and snacks in the lobby is a nice touch. The location is also good because its right near the Wall St. subway station.   With that being said, hotel is a little dated and certain areas could be refurbished. I would stay again if I got the right deal, but there was nothing that would make me overwhelmed about wanting to come back. One issue was storing baggage. They store bags on the second floor which isnt a big deal except for the fact that you have to wait for someone to retrieve the bags. We waited for a good 15 minutes with about seven other people. Its Wall Street- time is money.
bubble_50	Now that I am retired I like to watch my dollars and Club Quarters is a great value in an ultra-safe location.  Feel free to stroll the neighborhood at 3 AM (handy if you are returning from Europe) and greet the fine gentlemen of the NYPD who are always on 'hyper-watch' in the heart of the financial district.  The room was comfortable and the staff very professional.  And, cabs are plentiful and the subway is just around the corner.  We'll be back.
bubble_50	I stayed here for 7 nights with my wife and 2 teens. Its classed as a business hotel but perfectly caters for all guest types, in fact I think most people were tourists. The location is excellent, 2 min walk to Wall St with Subway station 100m away. We had the 2 room suite with kitchenette which was fine, 2 separate rooms (with a door between) eith large 50" TV in both rooms. Main room has a double sofabed, table with chairs and kitchenette(sink,fridge,coffe machine,microwave and plates/cutlery for 4.) The bedroom has large double bed, desk, wardrobe and bathroom. The TVs have a good selection of channels which I assume are free to air, there is no HBO or Showtime. The rooms have very good blackout curtains and privacy blinds. There was very little outside noise (we were on the
bubble_50	Stayed at CQ on Wall Street with my daughter for a week. Loved the ease of online check in and out process - gold standard. The subway station that is practically right around the corner made it easy for my daughter to explore Upper and Lower Manhattan on her own. The superior room was spacious although the closet, lack of lighting,  slow shower and noisy aircon reminded me that this very classic dame is afterall a 3-star hotel. Love the architecture that's a throwback to an earlier epoch and its history.
bubble_30	Rm 1213. The room had strong bleach smell. The air conditioning unit was so loud, I had to turn it off to sleep. Chilled water station was HOT water. Not fixed even after reporting to front desk staff.
bubble_40	This is a nice hotel right in the heart of the financial district. Some of the rooms need some work, i.e. an air conditioner so loud it sounded like it was going to fall off the wall, cold showers, TVs that dont change channels, broken coffee machines...but on the flip side the staff was extremely helpful & made all the necessary corrections to keep me just above the level where Id check out early. The housekeeping staff was also very good. Julissa was the girl I had the most contact with and she went above & beyond each time.   For the price you cant beat it in the area.
bubble_50	We arrived and Dwayne kindly made the check-in. He recomended US something to view un the city and told us that at 5pm they offered regional wine to taste.  Lulu (one of the cleaning ladies) cleaned our room as it was brand new each day.
bubble_40	Nice hotel with fine amenities. Great and friendly staff. Close to plenty of subway stops to get around the city. Good bar located within the hotel that has a good variety of food and drink. Overall a nice place to stay.
bubble_50	Perfect hotel for my business trip. Everyone on the staff was friendly and helpful. The wine happy hour and free coffee in my room was a pleasant surprise especially compared to more expensive hotels that nickel and dime you for everything and anything. I will always look to CQ first for all my future trips.
bubble_40	I volunteer on a National non-profit board and their offices are in the financial district so The Club quarters are a perfect location. If you just want coffee and a granola bar for breakfast its in the lounge area - you can sit, watch the news, print out papers if needed, and head out the door. The staff is always very courteous and helpful. We can always get extra towels and extra pillows. Make sure you put the room darkening blind down otherwise the room gets very bright in the morning. The rooms are small but Im not there for the room. The bathroom is extremely small, but again Im not there for that either. I always get a hot shower in the morning and the pressure is good. There is a bar attached and you can go in there if you want a drink or a late night snack after
bubble_50	Thus was the first time my young family travelled to the big city. We were not quite sure what to expect but it turns out the people of nyc have big hearts and the Club Quarters staff were no exception. They helped us settle and we're very accommodating.
bubble_50	We were on our Honeymoon and this was the first place. Room on the Highest floor, bottle of wine and some snacks waiting for us. Also location is incredible. Highly recommend this place to All travelling to NY.
bubble_30	This hotel was perfectly fine since it was clean and was in a good location, if you want to be near Wall Street, since it was round the corner from a subway, breakfast and a supermarket - Duane Reade.  Be aware that Wall Street is  not in the middle  all things that are happening on the weekend in New York City.  Finally, the lobby is very small, and the rooms are very small too, but this is New York!
bubble_50	Great time - room was kept clean and amenities were nice.  Would've been great to have an iron and ironing board but all good.  Some of the TV services were a little slow so that would've been great to have work smoother.
bubble_50	My wife and I are very satisfied with the hotel. Besides, we could deposit some luggage at the hotel while we spent a week outside New York. The personnel were extremely amiable and efficient and offered us clear and practical suggestions when we asked them.
bubble_50	The room was spacious enough and I liked privacy windows at night. It gets completely dark and makes sleeping in wonderful, it is very clean as well , I also liked the accessibility to get fresh water anywhere in the hotel
bubble_50	Dwayne and the staff were excellent! The guys answered our questions about the city and traveling! They even gave us their own metro card for the subway! As a couple being in NYC for the 1st time they definitely made us feel welcomed in the Big Apple! We will definitely visit again, oh and can't forget the free hour of Wine in the lobby!! Refreshments also, and I was amazed by the purified water bottle station. My boyfriend enjoyed the gym and yoga mat as well! thanks guys!
bubble_50	Great service, quality room, quiet space.  Only negative was hot water took awhile to heat up the shower, but I guess being on the 13th floor would do that.  I loved the comfort of the space.  Bed was quality and perfect after a long tiresome day.  Fillable Water bottles were great for our long day ahead.
bubble_50	Me and my fiance just visited New York for a week. Last time we stayed near Times Square, but wanted something different this time. I must say, that I actually like the "Wall Street" area more, even as a tourist. Perfect placement to great walks to Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, World Trade Center, 9/11 memorial etc.   Besides the amazing placement of the hotel, the interior was "spot-on" - with a lovely clean room with good space, and a great 55" TV, so you can relax with a good movie after a long day of sightseeing.  Finally, a truly welcoming and helping staff. Everytime we went back to the hotel after a long day of walking around the city, the staff in the reception was very welcoming and wanted to hear about our day, Dwayne was one of these guys in the reception, and helped
bubble_50	This hotel was the best!   I was immediately greeted by Marcien, who let me know that my room was ready to be checked into waaaay earlier than expected, so I didn't have to tote my bags around with me, when I went to find a coffee shop to work in. I was only at the hotel for a quick overnight stay, but I wish it was longer. The hotel itself was very clean, air-conditioned, accommodating... big fan! They had a complimentary wine happy hour, which was refreshing. They had a complimentary water bottle station down the hall from me, so I was hydrated and happy :)  The next day, they also stored my bags so I didn't have to worry about them when I went to a callback during the day. What's more: Marcien even asked about my callback, since he knew that was why I was in town! The entire
bubble_50	Unexpectedly arrived in NY late at night without a hotel reservation. Front desk was very accommodating and the price was totally reasonable compared to other properties, especially when I saw the relatively large and well appointed room and generous snacks and 24-hour coffee machine available in the comfortable lobby lounge. Yoga pads, 24-hour fitness room, noon checkout, unlimited free water bottles and 5pm wine hour all very much appreciated appreciated.
bubble_50	My friend and I really enjoyed our stay here! Not only was the room comfortable, but the staff were very accommodating. Our favorite was Marcien! He quickly felt like our friend in the city. We enjoyed stopping on our way to the room and chatting with him :)
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel! Everything was very nice and the hotel even offered free ros and wine from 5-6 which was a huge plus! Marcien was very kind and helped my friend and I whenever we needed anything. Will recommend!
bubble_50	I enjoyed my first stay in Club Quarters. They also have free wine and coffee at 5. Dwayne was an awesome atendant down to earth guy. I like my room as well. Very cozy. All the amenities were sufficient and location is great.
bubble_50	Loved this hotel. The location, service and staff were great. Lulu who serviced the room each day was also wonderful and so helpful. The snacks and wine at 5 club was also a huge added bonus. Really enjoyed my stay and will definitely be back
bubble_50	We had great stay. Comfy bed! Laundry facilities, Great customer service. Snacks, coffee, water and wine hour was a bonus! Great location- close to everything, especially wall street, OWO and the ferry terminals to get to staten, brooklyn and lady liberty! Would definately stay again!
bubble_50	everything: the location, the room, the amenities, the confort of the room. The bathroom was a little small. They have cokes for free and snakcs and coffee all day. 2 computers if you need something to do.
bubble_50	The hotel was so clean and the front desk staff were so polite, professional and attentive. Every request and the few complaints we had were handled with tact, understanding and sensitivity. I've stayed at many hotels in New York and none of them were anything to call home about, but the Club Quarters on Wall Street was absolutely amazing and is a must stay :)
bubble_50	We had a great time in Club Quarters Hotel, it is brand new, very comfortable, offers a range of amenities such as refreshments (coffee, Mms, snacks) throughout the day and a wine hour in the evenings. The staff is very friendly and helpful we had a great reception!
bubble_50	Exceptional hotel and one of my go-to places from now on. Dwayne, Lauren, Anthony and Christine from the front desk have been exceptionally kind, accommodating and patient.   ROOM TIP: ask for the 20th floor if available and the one to the front of the hotel - less claustrophobic than the others and you get nice sunlight. This is by far the best (next to Club Quarters World Trade Center) Hotel in the city to stay in for business or pleasure. Don't be deterred by the downtown location! More space and silence for your buck than the midtown boys. Subway stops are close by too!
bubble_50	I come here often, always a good experience.  Rooms are clean, friendly staff good amenities.  I like location.  Writing review today because of the exceptional service from Cesar.  He made a positive impact today.    Thank You Cesar!
bubble_50	This was our first visit to New York and CQ was well located and reasonably priced. We were very tired after 36 hours of travel but Dwayne checked us in quickly and painlessly. The room was clean and compact and had everything we needed. The free wine tasting looked good but jet lag put us to sleep before we could try it. A flying 2 day visit and we needed an early checkout. Dwayne was there again to help out! You get 5 stars from us man!
bubble_50	CQ has a super convenient location,literally around the corner from the Wall St subway stop with the 2 and 3 lines that will take you most everywhere you want to go. The staff is professional courteous and welcoming. Everyone who works there has a positive energy and looks very happy to work there. Dwayne And Anthony are just a few of the people we interacted with during our stay. They are helpful and kind. The rooms are spotless, comfortable and quiet providing a restful night sleep. A highlight is everyday they have wine @ five - they play fun music and serve delicious complimentary wine - the CQ is the best !!!! They also serve free snacks and drinks all day long - we loved the wasabi peas. We cant wait to return!!!
bubble_50	I regularly visit this hotel with my partner and we're always greeted with respect and kindness. The staff here is amazing, especially Dwayne and Marcine they go above and beyond every visit. There attentive to our needs and always willing to recommend local restaurants and bars. They've  been accommodating from the moment we arrived, we love it here !
bubble_50	Please let the General Manager at the The Wall Street location know the following: They have a wonderful staff!  I am self employed and pay close attention to how the staff, at various places, treats customers. It's important and I try to use my experiences as learning tools for my own staff.  Anyway, you guys have a great crew, at this location!!  I even took names. I had to - they each impressed me:  Dwayne:  He was the first person I spoke with when I called to give my credit card information to reserve the room.  He was pleasant, efficient and professional over the phone. During our week there Dwayne patiently helped give subway directions, cab information and suggestions on what we should see while in NYC.    Anthony: I called to make sure that CQ had all the information
bubble_40	Wonderful hotel near wall street; extremely comfortable to visit manhattan, near a lot of subaway stations. Room very good, staff extremely kind and supportive. Coffee and fruit complimentary available near the reception.
bubble_50	Hotel is located very near to tourist attractions. Awesome staff to help with all the requests. I had last minute request of early check-in and staff helped me with that. Hotel provides free wine between 5PM-6PM.
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel for 3 weeks in July 2018. It was a very positive experience for us. You can forget all the fancy and expensive 5 Star mid and uptown hotels, this place tops all of them. Its modern, clean, QUIET!!!!, and very comfortable. The rooms are newly refurbished, and I believe theyre currently working on freshening up all the corridors and the lobby. The staff is very nice and friendly. Its super close to literally all major subway lines as well as the ferry which is a great way to get around the city. Theres a Duane Reade literally 50 meters away from the hotel. Also the rooms are bigger than the usual New York standard. The only 3 things we werent very happy about were: the standard of the bathroom (as it was pretty old), the elevators (took a long time, and
bubble_40	Was here for a week long work trip. The hotels location is very good and near a few subway stations. The hotel itself is a little tired looking but the housekeeping staff did an excellent job with the upkeeping and cleaning. The hotel offers some helpful details like water machines with take away bottles, a bar area that offers fruit, snacks, coffee and tea throughout the day they rotate the snacks at different time slots. This is very helpful as it helps save some time when all you need is grab a coffee and a banana on the way to work. The rooms are reasonably priced and will recommend for couples and people on work trips.
bubble_50	The overall experience was very pleasant and the service is great and the staff are helpful and friendly. I personally like the availability of water dispensers in the hotel floors and the snacks in the lobby.
bubble_50	Friendly and helpful staff.  They suggested places to eat and visit.  The hotel is well-maintained and comfortable.  The location of the hotel is great.  It is accessible to most subway lines.  It is nice and quiet but not isolated.  Good facilities.
bubble_50	Had an extended stay of two weeks on this visit, and it was a pleasure as always. Really great location around the corner from Wall Street with the NYSE and Federal Hall. Walking distance to Battery Park.  The hotel itself is quiet in the rooms, and always very clean. Service at the desk is always quite friendly and helpful. Dwayne in particular really went the extra mile to make sure guests were enjoying their stay and were aware of all the amenities the hotel had to offer.  Always a home away from home when I stay here.
bubble_40	We needed an overnight stay and got a two room with pullout couch. Room was clean, full functioning and well equipped with iron etc. we asked for a roll away and one was brought within the hour. What is lacking is a porter to help with bags upon check in and check out. Hotel was clean and staff was nice
bubble_40	Perfect location, snacks and fruit available at lobby. Gut service. TV equipped with Chrome cast, which allowed us to connect our cell phone with the TV. WiFi speed also good. Only the room was a bit small, otherwise we were totally happy.
bubble_50	I had a trip planned for a night out in the city with some friends. It doesn't happen often, and the hardest part is always choosing a place to spend the night. Eventually we decided on CQ Wall Street and the stay could not have been more pleasant! The room was clean, the view of the city was beautiful, and event the pull out couch was comfortable. However the best part of the stay was definitely the wonderful staff, especially Anthony. I was a bit later than everybody else, and was greeted at the front desk by Anthony who polite, professional, and super friendly the entire time. From that first interaction, I knew we could not have stayed anywhere better!
bubble_50	Everything about our stay at Club Quarters Wall Street was wonderful.  The hotel is a beautiful calm oasis in the heart of lower Manhattan.  The rooms had great city views and the beds were very, very comfortable .  The complimentary snacks and wine at happy hour were much appreciated.  I loved having the filtered water bottles to fill on the floor.  But the best part of our stay was the service.  Anthony, who checked us in, made us feel like family!  He was so gracious, and we felt like we were in a special place and well taken care of.  The next time I stay in NYC I will definitely return!
bubble_50	My friends and I were planning a night out in the city, and although we considered renting an Airbnb, we decided to go with CQ Wall Street instead.  Anthony at the front desk could not have been more friendly, helpful, and accommodating.  Because of him, we had a perfect stay.  Thank you!
bubble_50	Club Quarters Wall Street is one of my goto hotels in NYC.  My job requires monthly trips to NYC for on site contractor meetings. The rooms are not overly large, but still have ample room to move around comfortably. The rooms are always clean! Lastly CQW offers free snacks, fruits and beverages.
bubble_40	My wife and I were in town celebrating both my birthday and our 15th anniversary. Dwayne checked us in and immediately acknowledged our special trip. He informed us of all the amenities the hotel offered and made sure that we were aware of the 5p complimentary wine event that was about to start. What a fantastic start to our trip!   Unfortunately, upon checking into our room, we immediately noticed there was a large crack in the tv. My wife called down to inform the front desk. By the time we were ready to go out for the evening, the issue had still not been addressed. On our way out, we re-informed the front desk of the issue and let them know we would be out for a while (subtly letting them know they would be able to address the issue without interrupting our stay.) Upon
bubble_50	I typically visit the city 4-6 times a year, and have for the past 5+ years. I prefer Airbnbs to hotels for many reasons, but I booked this hotel last minute because I decided to join my best friend last minute and it was a block away from my friends daughters apartment, where they were staying.  One of the lowest prices Ive ever paid for one of the highest quality experiences!  EXCELLENT customer service, comfortable bed, quiet room, excellent perks like filtered water, happy hour complimentary wine (excellent quality as well.) I was visiting during a heat streak in the city and so many places, even nice places, were not comfortably cool, but this place was clean and refreshingly cool after being out in the hot streets/city each day!  Dwayne went above and beyond helping
bubble_50	This hotel is reasonably priced for Manhattan. Rooms clean, spacious, beds comfortable. Staff is super helpful for all needs and info. Nice extra amenities liked free chilled purified water, unlimited.
bubble_50	My partner and I took a week long vacation to New york for the first time, we chose Club Quarters on William St., and had a wonderful experience. The hotel has been remodeled and accommodates to the needs of its guest. From new sheets on the very confortable beds every morning if desired,friendly staff, and complementary wine every evening. Staff was pleasent and very helpful, we even learned how to take the subway thanks to the help of Dewayne. Cristina was very patient when the front desk was full of guest, Marcien was a wonderful host and played great music during the wine hour, Anthony went out of his way to accommodate us. Best of all everyone greeted us with a smile and the "have a nice day /good night" never stoped. Also when we requested a fridge there was no hesitation
bubble_50	Great hotel great staff...clean crisp and perfect area to stay in!!...for business or pleasure everything is around..from restaurants to pubs...subway...not to mention Wall street anx the whole financial district experience!
bubble_50	Anthony was welcoming and accomodating with checking in, treating me and my group with kindness and respect. He was helpful in providing answers to questions we had and directed us to nearby recommended restaurants. Excellent staff member!
bubble_50	I was there with my co-workers and from the moment we arrived, we felt very welcomed and all staff was accommodating and full of smiles. Special thanks to Anthony Duma for his great service and for directing us to our room and all his recommendations on places to order food from. I will come back soon and definitely tell more people about this place. Everything was clean and in order with a very welcoming staff.
bubble_50	the staff are helpful but my magical ANTHONY he was very welcoming smiles keen to do every small effort to help me I felt happy with the hospitality. He was there for me every time I have issue he can solve it with spot on solutions as well CHRISTEN she was very professional knows what she doing done all her best to make my stay unforgettable other staff with thanks been helpful I love to stay again in your hotel.
bubble_50	Our stay at CQ Club Quarters Wall St. was just great - convenient location, great front of house staff (Dwayne is the man), super fast and tasty room service, and a lovely modern room to boot. Well be back.
bubble_50	I've stayed at MANY Club Quarters and am always pleased with the state of the rooms and the friendliness of the staff. This one in lower Manhattan was ideal for where I needed to be for work. Great value.
bubble_50	Members of the staff were very friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel was exceletnt near some merto station, Battery Park and Wall Streat. Theer were soem additional service (coffe, tea, ..) during all day.
bubble_50	Loved the hotel, everything was perfect i had No problems i Will sure come back one Day :) Its all was clean and Ready, it was easy to come from hotel to tomes square and Lots other places it is close to everything :)
bubble_50	We are really happy staying here so far, its a good location just steps from the subway, quiet and safe, and really spacious and clean for NYC!  They have an hour of free wine and snacks from 5-6 pm for guests and DWAYNE provided such good bartender hospitality, going above and beyond to make everyone comfortable and being attentive. Hes great at his job and hes so personable.    This is my first time staying at a Club Quarters.  I discovered it initially because my alumni group offers a discount with Club Quarters.  I would highly recommend Club Quarters!
bubble_50	The hotel is located in a great location in the heart of the financial district. There are lots of restaurants and bars close by, as well as shops and other amenities. The rooms are quiet, clean and modern having just benefitted from a refurbishment. However the rooms are not huge. The bathroom was relatively small but adequate. We shared a deluxe double which was spacious enough for two people. Complimentary snacks, soft drinks and filtered water were an added bonus as was wine at 17:00. The staff were friendly and helpful especially Dwayne who excelled.
bubble_50	This is a great hotel to stay at.  The rooms are adequate size and clean.  The staff is very friendly.  Free wine tastings every afternoon.  The location is outstanding for us. Great dining and drinking venues in the area.  Stone street, Fraunces tavern, Delmonicos are all close by.  Boat rides to Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty are nearby.  The 9-11 museum is close.  Subway lines are close by.
bubble_50	As consummated travelers we sometimes come across less than desirable properties, not in this case.  Clean, well-appointed room (we stayed in their penthouse) with great mattress ( a certain plus for us) and a nice view.  A great location near Battery Park, 9/11 memorial, NY Stock Exchange, etc. and 1/2 block to subway.  Great extras such as sodas, bottled water, fruit, snacks coffee and teas in the lobby as well as wine tasting plus free laundry facilities beside the large gym.  The staff is efficient, attentive and friendly.  The location is surprisingly quiet and restful.  We had a great time
bubble_50	Dwayne was a great host during the free wine service that they offer. He checked on your to make sure you were accommodated and entertained with a nice music selection. His hospitality was second to none.
bubble_50	I love the location, size of the space and the customer service. The free water, the happy hour were great. I used the printer a few times , the computer provided for guests was convenient. I would stay again.
bubble_50	Club Quarters delivered on multiple areas - rooms are spacious, clean and well-appointed - nothing fancy, but they have everything you could need.  Staff was extremely helpful from check in to room service, to late check out and very friendly.  Nice extras in the lounge, especially the water and fruit.  On top of that, the location was great - close to transit, sights and business.  I especially liked the Seamless food delivery service! It expanded the choice of room service.
bubble_50	We traveled to NYC for the weekend and stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel on Wall Street and it turned out to be an excellent option! Great price, great location: it is located at the Wall Street area, in a walking distance to the 9-11 Memorial and Museum, to the new "The Oculus" metro station and shopping area, to the One World Trade Center and Observatory; you can even walk to the Staten Island Ferry and the subway red line 3 and 4 are on the same street. The hotel staff is super friendly and always willing to help you. We arrived around 5:00 am after traveling all night and went to the hotel with the idea to drop our bags until check-in time but the host at the reception, Dwayne, was a true Angel! He should have seen us so tired that he kindly offered us an early checking!
bubble_50	Clean,could rooms,Nice restaurant and Nice people. Not far away from ground zero. It's not far from Brooklyn bridge. It's not much traffic noice. A diner closed by for morningfood.  Recomended by this guy.
bubble_50	This hotel was perfect for our family trip to NYC.  Pricing afforded us 2 separate rooms for our family of 4.  Walking distance to: Battery Park & boats to Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island, 911 Memorial & Museum, One World Trade Center and Wall Street area with a great variety of restaurants.  Staff were very friendly, helpful and attentive.  The "gathering" room off the lobby had a variety of seating with complimentary snack dispensers, coffee/espresso/etc. machine, carbonated and still water AND a complimentary wine hour every evening from 5-6 PM.  Rooms were clean and comfortable for 2 people per room.  Overall, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel and appreciated all its benefits.
bubble_50	Room was clean and functional. Gym was clean with enough equipment to maintain a workout. Staff was so phenomenal and on top of house cleaning. Water to go without having to stop and pay for it every morning was great. Convenient location for food and subway ports. Church bells were irritating if you wanted to sleep in but dont start til 8 or 9 and end around 10. Bed was comfortable. Would stay here again
bubble_10	Great location if you need to be in lower Manhattan, but there is a reason it's so cheap. My room was so small it wasn't functional, maybe it was the PH level but I couldn't even get into the bathroom if the closet door was slightly ajar. My floor was in the midst of a renovation, I couldn't even wheel my luggage out when I departed because of the equipment and workers who were replacing carpet, painting, etc. The common area downstairs was never stocked with drinks. The way they describe themselves vs. the actual experience is night and day, I would avoid it at all costs.
bubble_50	Hotel was great! Had the best stay. We had a great price for a 4 night stay. The location of the hotel was absolutely amazing. Close to multiple subway stations, which was awesome. Staff was also very friendly. Absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone.
bubble_50	The staff are very helpful, polite, and kind. The location is perfect - an easy walking distance to major attractions and steps away from the subway. I also appreciated the free filtered water and the wine.
bubble_50	If I visit New York again I'm definitely staying at this Hotel again. Every single staff member was very friendly and helpful, especially Dwayne, Lulu and Marcine, they made our stay very enjoyable. They gave us ideas of which restaurants we should go to and how to get there. The location is great because Wall st station was a couple of minutes away and Fulton station which takes you pretty much anywhere is about a 10 minute walk. If you like wine, you'll enjoy this hotel even more because every day they serve free wine in the lobby for about an hour. There's also free snacks and beverages in the lounge. Also, There is a lot of food spots in the area that is walking distance. Overall, it was a great trip and would recommend to everyone!
bubble_50	I went for a 5 day break to New York, & Club Quarters is just the perfect location. - By train it's around an hour away. JFK to Fulton street & around 10 min walk from Fulton  street.   The staff are great & Excellent service, Lauren at the reception, Lulu in Hose keeping were so helpful.   Very reasonable deal for my five days and unlimited complimentary drinks and snack through out my stay. Computer usage available, 2 minutes from wall street and easy  access to the subway.
bubble_50	From the moment you meet the staff at the front desk, to the reception room where there is free coffee, tv free snacks and free computer use, cleanliness of the room and room service you won't be disappointed with your stay here.  There is also Bailey's restaurant/bar in the hotel where you can enjoy great food all day.   This year they started free wine tasting every day from 5pm to 6pm in the reception room on the first floor and person pouring the wine, Dwayne, just can't do enough for you.  A great personality and just the perfect person for that job.  There is also a workout room on the 3rd floor and a laundry room where you can wash any clothing you may have.
bubble_10	My headphones were taken from my room by housekeeping. It could have been a mistake, but when I told the front desk she was rude and did not really care. She could have easily apologized and/or offered me a credit of some sort. She did not. I dont think I would go back.
bubble_50	didn't accept walk ins you have to reserve a room. good experience. free wine testing with a very nice employee. very helpful employees that wanted to help you with any questions specially if this is your first time in NY
bubble_50	Although I have stayed at this hotel twice before, my stay this time was one to remember! This particular stay I had lost my phone and needed it right away so I had a new one shipped to the hotel in which the staff delivered it right to my room once it came. I was pleased. When it was time to check out I didn't have my CQ account number handy because of the new phone. So I sought out help from the service desk and Marcien assisted me. I first had to re download the app and then provide my account number to add my reward points. Marcien waited so patiently for me to do so and made sure I was all set. I really appreciated that!
bubble_40	The service from staff and housekeeping was excellent. The room was clean, there were NO bedbugs like one reviewer said there was. Airconditioning was excellent. There was free cold purified water for guests as well as cappuccino and coffee in the lobby. There's also a fitness center.There is also room service available and a good restaurant downstairs.The staff graciously transferred me to the 17th floor because I had noisy neighbors. The only negatives were that the queen bed in my room started to sag which wasn't good for my back and the window shades did not provide privacy when you have the TV or lights on as I saw a person from the next building standing by his window..which felt a little creepy. Otherwise, it was a good stay. It had a perfect location..next to eateries,
bubble_40	I loved our stay at the Club Quarters!  Great, clean hotel near Wall Street, Fulton Station, and the Staten Island Ferry.  We did not have time to do the 911 memorial but that is very close as well.  We found a promotion at this hotel and found it worth every penny.  The one knock might be that it was hard to find breakfast around the hotel on a Saturday morning.  Other than that, it had exactly what we needed and I would recommend to anyone looking to spend time downtown
bubble_50	The service was great! The sweet staff were very accommodating and did everything they could to make sure we had a perfect stay which we did!  The room was nice - cleaned neatly and the location couldn't be better if you want to stay in the heart of New York. Thank you Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street!
bubble_50	The staff at the Club Quarters hotel was phenomenal! My girlfriend and I stayed at this particular location for a week and we were welcomed with open arms. The hotel's wine drinking hours were a wonderful complimentary service! Anything we asked for, was followed by quick and excellence quick service!   Special thanks to Marcien, Ley, Iris and Dwayne. We will surely be returning to this location in the near future! Hope to see these guys then!
bubble_50	Perfect location, perfect staff, a great hotel in the heart of the financial district. I stayed here on business for 4 nights. Staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. I had a plumbing issue on my first night which they immediately fixed. Room was cleaned every day. Facilities in the room and hotel are great! Air on in the rooms (much needed) and free filtered water on every floor. Free treats in the downstairs lounge as well as computer access and free WiFi (which works really well) throughout the whole hotel. You feel really looked after here. Ill definitely be staying again.
bubble_50	My second visit to club quarters was once again a perfect stay. Great location, easy check in and out, professional staff and a nice coffee lounge. CQ has become my home away from home. In room coffee machine a plus.
bubble_50	Although we have been to NYC many times, we were unfamiliar both with this hotel and the specific area in which it is located. We ended up loving both the hotel and the neighborhood, so we definitely plan to return in the future!
bubble_50	Check in was easy and very fast. Location is close to  WTC and subway system Fulton. This stop will let you visit many different spots in new York....2nd stop is cannel and 4th stops is 42 street.  Hotel staff was excellent especially Marcien went out of his way to provide excellent customer service for me and my wife. The rooms are small but very comfortable. The 5 o'clock happy hour was a great way to end the day to meet new people and get ready for the nights events. Great red wine with snacks.    I would highly recommend to stay in this hotel as staff exceeds exceptions
bubble_50	Great service, clean rooms, very friendly and helpfull staff most especially Pwayne giving advice on great places to go too for dinner. Very convenient location, few minutes from world trade centre and subway right around the corner.
bubble_50	I arrived 3 hours prior to check in straight from the airport and I was able to check in right away! Shuba and Christina were amazinggg at front desk! Super kind and helpful! Also, Nadka our maid was so amazing as well! I have no complaints about my stay everything was great and surpassed my expectations! I will definetly book again once I visit NYC in the future! This Hotel is in perfect location, super close to wall street and subway stations!
bubble_40	The staff was super kind, knowledgable and helpful - particularly Shuba, Anthony, and Jeffy. The housekeeping staff was also very accommodating. The rooms were super clean and the free wine everyday at 5 pm was a plus!   The location was very convenient, right next to the subway station and a 6 minute walk away from the ferry to brookyn - amazing!   The hallways were a little dated but other than that our stay was was enjoyable and comfortable.
bubble_50	A great hotel! We really enjoyed our stay. Staff was so nice and helpful. Located right next to a subway station. Not too busy of an area but still close to lots of things. No complaints at all. Would stay again!!
bubble_40	Location is very convenient.  I like that the Bailey's pub is located right below, friendly staff and nice lobby/seating area.  I have not joined for 5 pm wine but love the idea.  Also appreciate the filtered water!  I don't like having to carry my suitcase up 5 steps when entering.  I had an issue this trip with the A/C unit which unfortunately we didn't fully realize until late but the staff got me in a new room quickly.  I don't like the new room window treatments...because there are none.  The thin screen allowed others to see in (or so it seemed) and meant that a ton of light came in during the night.  I had to keep changing in the tiny bathroom.  If not updated I may look at another hotel next trip which would be too bad.
bubble_40	Good place. I don't like filter water and bottle, I prefer water closed already from the manufactured. Good bed and bathroom. Very clean room. The room is not for working but very good to get rest. A/C works very good.
bubble_40	Lovely stay and incredible location. Subway literally a 1 min walk and this takes you up to Grand Central Station, Empire State Building, Times Square, Central Park and everything else NY has to offer. Within short stroll of 911 memorial, Battery Park (to take you to Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island) and lots of cheap and fresh food in luxurious supermarkets. Reception staff helpful and friendly. Particular call out to Dwayne and Marcein (?) who served complimentary wine each night, friendly, attentive and informative!  Highly recommend.
bubble_10	I recently (June 2018) stayed at the CQ Wall st and it was subpar. the rooms stink, the rugs are stained, the bathrooms have a constant smell of urine (no matter how many times housekeeping comes in.)  I had to request everything, hair dryer, iron, ironing board and was told I can walk down the hallway, and get the items in the utility closet. The 'shared' water bottles are suspect. Are they sanitized?  I was not advised upon check-in how the hotels works.  I basically had to get everything myself.  I asked the front desk for a recommendation for an Italian restaurant and I was referred to HARRYs. Harrys!? the directions given were completely wrong. MY company spent a lot of money for my weeks stay and it was a waste of money.   Don't bother staying here...find a real hotel like
bubble_40	We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the hotel room in NYC - having lived their for 5+ years, we knew size was something to expect. The staff was friendly and everything went smoothly for the week we stayed there. Some part of the hotels were undergoing through renovation, as it really needed it, but no noise concern at all. We would stay here again if we came back.
bubble_50	We were really happy with our recent stay at Club Quarters in the financial district. Not only did we always get greetings from the reception staff, but several times, as I was returning alone, walking with a cane, someone dashed out from the reception area to open the door to help me enter more easily. (Note: I didn't think to check to see if there was a way to enter without having to go up steps, as I didn't need that. Call the hotel to check that out, if you can't do several stairs.)   I've stayed not far away in the financial district several other times; Club Quarters' location somehow seemed closer to much more action than those other hotels. We'd walk out the door and immediately be scoping out restaurants and tourist spots. Club Quarters is right next door to the Museum
bubble_40	There was a lot of construction going on in the building when I stayed there, however it never interfered with my sleep. I was actually upgraded to a penthouse suite with a kitchenette, which was nice. This penthouse suite was pretty small (with no other basis of comparison) and had a subtle smell of paint. The complimentary snacks in the lobby and wine hour were great, and the staff were very accommodating. The bed was really comfortable and the TV was nice and large.  The window in the room had a fixed curtain on it that didn't completely block out the night light, so the room was never pitch black. The room was not stocked with sugar/sugar substitute or stirrers should you decide to brew coffee with the provided keurig.  You can get coffee (and additives) from the lobby,
bubble_50	I have stayed here several times and for extended lengths of time.  The staff have always been friendly and accomodating.  I would definitely recommend them.  Great location in the heart of Manhattan's Financial District.
bubble_50	Not the biggest room in the world but was nice, clean, they had complementary refreshments all the time. Staff were so nice and catered for any needs we had. Excellent hotel and would definitely go back if I returned.
bubble_50	the room was pleasantly spacious for NYC standards.  It was also very clean and comfortable. The people at the front desk were very courteous and the checkout was easy with the use of the checkout monitors.
bubble_50	My son and I have stayed here for 6 nights.   Great location for historic sites and subway access.  The area is not as crazy busy as other area and more relaxing.  Wine happy hour from 5-6pm is a nice time to wind down and meet people.  Enjoyed our stay.
bubble_50	I have never been to a hotel with such a friendly, hospitable staff! Everyone there went above and beyond in making sure I was comfortable. Great location, clean rooms, affordable price, easy check in/out. The free coffee and water are a huge plus. Thank you, Club Quarters! I definitely recommend this place whether youre traveling alone, with family, for fun, or for business.
bubble_40	Loved the area. First time staying further away from Timesquare.  Still a busy area,  however nothing like Timesquare area,  which I enjoyed.  It is close to Battery park,  Clinton Hall,  World Trade,  911 memorial,  and various subways.  You can easily get to Timesquare. Close to the famous Bull. The room was decent sized.  Friendly staff.  Very clean rooms and entrance. Enjoyed the complimentary wine and snacks from 5pm to 6pm. Loved that they had a washer and dryer! Was able to keep my clothes clean,  plus,  a mini gym.  They held our luggage for a couple hours at check out so we could enjoy our day before catching our flight.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the bathroom was very small,  no vent system,  which made it very stuffy in there, and I had to ask for
bubble_50	The staff was incredibly welcoming, very attentive, helpful, friendly and kind, especially to our baby :-) Our room was clean, comfortable and spacious. Loved the wine happy hour (5-6pm). Unfortunately we only made it once. We had a great time there and highly recommend this place! And hopefully we will be back again...
bubble_40	Very nice hotel with a good location. A few blocks away from Fulton center which is a big subway central station. Also, one block away from 2 & 3 subway station.  The hotel offers a complementary food: espresso, fruits, cereal bars and other snacks. We recommend CQ hotel.
bubble_50	This hotel is perfect for first time visitors as its walking distance to battery park and easy to access tourist attractions like Staten Island and Statue of Liberty . Good restaurants and small takeouts around the corner...and subway station is a 3 min walk. Staff was very friendly and helpful. room was very clean and had all amenities for a comfortable and short business trip. They served free wine at 5 pm everyday in the lounge where you could meet a lot of new people and unwind.
bubble_40	Pluses: excellent location for my wife's conference on Wall Street; friendly, helpful staff, good but not lavish amenities, excellent restaurant/bar adjoining the hotel, reliable wifi connection, juvenile to say but I loved the jars of peanuts, M&Ms, and other treats in the "living room" area, convenient to subway. (Minor) Minuses: annoying soap dish in the shower that allowed the bar to hit the floor a lot, drain cover was not affixed to the drain.  If you're traveling light and landing at LaGuardia, take the Q70-SBS bus to Jackson Heights, then the train to Grand Central Station and transfer to one of several trains that stop at the Wall Street Station. Only a couple of blocks to the hotel at a cost of $5.50.
bubble_50	Great hotel! Loved the wine happy hour. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating! The room was minimalistic, but it had a desk to work from and when you're in the city, who wants to be cooped up in their room all day anyways!? Will definitely stay here again. Thanks!
bubble_50	It was a great experience. Large clean room in the center of NY which isn't typical of NY hotels. Subway is super close by. Internet speed was good. View wasn't as good though. I especially like a club room downstairs with snacks, coffee, and coke.
bubble_50	I am a frequent traveler to this property.  I am always greeted and served with a smile!!  I noticed there are new personnel staff and they are superb as well! Anthony and Dwayne go above and beyond for guests!  Keep up the excellent customer service and I love the new CQ app update!! I recommend this location, especially if you are visiting or want to stay in the lower Manhattan area!!!  5-Star customer service from all CQ staff!!!  LOVE IT!
bubble_40	This is a great spot to orbit from if you're staying in the financial district down by Wall Street....tons of things to see and do from here and all within a few minutes walk. You're not coming here for the room though.  It's small, to be sure, but it is clean and everything you need to clean up, sleep and get ready for the next day is all here.  No frills, but no surprises, either. I was here on business so it was perfect for me.  I will say that the hotel is positioned so that refuse pickup can be loud for some rooms.  I generally don't have any problem going back to sleep, so not a big interruption, but for a lite sleeper you will probably want to ask for something away from any street. I do workout every day, and this hotel does have a gym; it's basic, but there's enough
bubble_50	I was invited to visit New York for my best friend's 50th birthday. Although the idea of going to the city for the first time in 20 years was exciting, I wasn't thrilled about how much a hotel was going to cost, especially since it was fairly short notice.  I wasn't finding much under $200/night that wasn't a hostel or sketchy places.  Thankfully Hotwire came through with a $113.night rate, and I was quite pleased when I learned it was at the CQ Wall Street.  I arrived at LGA and took the bus/subway down to the station at WTC. From there it was a short walk (0.5 miles) over to the hotel. It was easy to find, and check-in was quick. I headed up to the room and found a room on the smaller side but more than sufficient for my needs, very tastefully appointed with all the amenities
bubble_50	My family and I were treated like royalty the moment we entered the lobby. We travel VERY often, and this weekend was one of our best yet. The room and location were superb, as was the cleanliness. The most delightful aspect of the trip, however, was the special attention, hospitality, and kindness displayed by Anthony at the front desk. He answered all of our questions about the room and the area with compassion, knowledge, and obvious pride in this property. Kudos to this property for a top-notch experience for me and my family!
bubble_50	Ive been to so many hotels in manhattan but have not written about all of them. But club quarters Wall Street has been an exceptional hotel. Its not 5 or 4 stars but it is well designed. Everything a business traveller will need is available. The room is clean, modestly modern and bed very comfortable. Different train lines are within reach. In addition, they serve free a collection of Long Island wines from 5-6pm. When I asked where I could buy it, the staff did not know but said they will check. She also make sure she gave me more than enough to drink which I have to declined due to work commitments. I also watched how staff behaved professionally and pleasant from the counter and from the lady serving free wine. Always with a smile and refusing tips. Soon after I found in
bubble_50	We loved the location. Just far enough away from the tourist traps. Would definitely recommend.  Staff was great with recommendations about restaurants amd directions. And who can cimolain aboit free wine everyday!!
bubble_50	At check in Anthony at the front desk was professional, friendly, and very helpful. Location was very convenient, !though busy during the day, quiet enough at night away from the hustle and bustle of midtown shenanigans. The room was clean, bed was very comfortable. Hotel offered snacks, purified water including bottle, espresso, and even free wine tasting at 5pm! My daughter also liked the comfort of the room. Would definitely stay here again and have recommended to friends.  My daughter said that TV cable could have used more channels, but then again we didn't go to NYC to watch
bubble_50	This hotel was absolutely fantastic. Centrally located, close to shops, subways, shopping and New York sights. Staff, especially Marciene and Sandy, at the front desk, were polite and very helpful. Rooms were very clean and spacious. Loved the free happy hour every day and the free filtered water and snacks. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel
bubble_50	Clean, comfortable and located where I needed to be. The employees were super friendly and helpful. I thought it was great bang for your buck. Having the wine tasting of local wines from five to six pm everyday was a nice touch.
bubble_50	The room was very clean and comfortable and the air con was quiet and super effective.  All of the staff I encountered were incredibly friendly, helpful and knowledgeable and able to provide absolutely everything we asked for.  The hotel is perfectly situated for getting around - we only used the subway a couple of times, and there was a choice of subways statins around the corner.  Even as the corridor on our floor was getting refurbed the last couple of days, the staff went out of their way to make sure there was as little disruption as possible.
bubble_50	Me and my boyfriend constantly book rooms here, being its so close to our office. I genuinely want to thank CQ for always being so friendly and accommodating. We have never had an issue with a single staff member, but specifically Dwayne who works as the front desk associate, has been a true gem. Always kind, helpful, and incredibly welcoming to all clientele. Even though he is a Seahawks fan and We love our NYGiants, I have to give the man respect for always being pleasant and an all around Awesome's human. My next favorite character as of recent would have to be Jeff working the GSR, I have never had such speedy service with any request. Also Ciara, who has recently  left the company unfortunately deserves to be mentioned was incredibly helpful and her smile makes you forget
bubble_50	Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel, staff were very friendly & helpful. Hotel is right next to a subway station which was fantastic. Coming back next year & would book this hotel again. Wine at 5pm was a lovely touch, especially after a day of shopping!
bubble_30	Nice hotel in good location. Next to subway station, although was closed during our visit.  We had room in penthouse floor, 21th floor. Room was small but clean. Bed was comfortable. Very quiet room, no traffic noises at all. Check-in person was..Well, I would use word effective, someone else could use word rude. But generally staff were friendly. No breakfast but was available in bar next to hotel.
bubble_30	Well placed hotel for Wall Street, $25 cab ride to Times Square.  Staff was very accommodating, but ignored malfunctioning refrigerator in room.  5pm wine was nice.  Overall, not a bad start, just not outstanding.
bubble_50	Great amenities. I liked I could sync my tablet to the television. Free wine at 5. Great staff. I was impressed with the amenities. You can even download your room key to your phone. I would stay there again.
bubble_40	Hotel was really good, value for price, in the middle of Wall Street and close to several subway station. It has great amenities like the gym and the 5 o clock wine tasting. Room as big and nice. The only downside was that they were changing the carpeting on our floor, which was rather uncomfortable and the smell of glue was rather strong.
bubble_50	While the hotel isn't luxurious, it's clean, comfortable and quiet. The staff were always helpful, which is a real plus in any stay. I'd never stayed in this part of New York before, and I really enjoyed it. The location was ideal - a metro on the corner, close to all the attractions in this part of the city. The glass of wine at 5 was a welcome bonus. Although it doesn't have its own restaurant, it's attached to a very good one where we ate more than once. There are lots of other places to eat nearby, most reasonably priced. We both enjoyed our stay here, and would definitely stay there again.
bubble_40	Nice room, good food in the restaurant on site.  Friendly staff.  Ideal location for where my company is located.  Having renovations completed will certainly make things much nicer.  My coffee pot did not work.  Coffee came out cold but other than that I was very satisfied.
bubble_50	We arrived and were welcomed in the front desk. They were very kind in our stay and changed our room when we asked them. Nothing but good things. Complementary little breakfast, wine@5 on the house, snacks etc... We will come back in our next trip for sure.
bubble_20	The room decor was really unattractive.  Just a nondescript hotel.  Good location for Wall Street.  Can't figure out what else to say because this was the only issue.  200 characters for a review minimimum is way too many.
bubble_20	I ordered 2 rooms. When i came i found out that my flour is under construction. I told the reception about the fact that nobody inform me about this before I came. I was noisy bed smell of paint and a lot of dust.  When we came with 8 suitcase nobody help us.
bubble_50	This hotel has very nice rooms with comfortable beds and decent showers.  Plugs are easy to find on the bases of the lamps on the desk and by the bed.  Irons and boards are provided, as is chilled filtered water and a coffee maker with coffee, as well as snacks in the lobby, all provided at no extra charge.  Large, comfortable lobby, a well-stocked fitness center, and an excellent restaurant on-site.  Only issue is that there are stairs to get in and out, so accessibility could be an issue..
bubble_50	Enjoying the Financial District while avoiding high priced hotels, CQ fit the bill.  Easy in, and quick exit to get on with my day.  Clean and pleasant environment for catching up with friends in the city.
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Excellent location. Very quiet compared to the rest of the city. Surrounded by restaurants, shops, cafes. The hotel itself is very comfortable. Offering free wine every day. Free coffee, small snacks, water, fruit every day. Very helpful and friendly staff. The rooms are comfortable, very clean. Free wi-fi.
bubble_20	No fridge, phone wasnt working, housekeeping kept forgetting to replace towels. Our mugs were not washed from the preveious customers. I requested to talk to their manager multiple times, never happened
bubble_20	I recently put my family up there for memorial day weekend since it's close to my apartment.  When they arrived, there is absolutely NO one to help with the luggage.  The girl at the front desk check in was frustrated with another customer and was rolling her eyes, which is just bad customer service.  Needless to say, we didn't get great service from her either.  We arrived early and our room was not ready.  We couldn't check in until 3pm ON THE DOT.  I had an elderly disabled grandmother with me and my baby stroller, when i asked the front desk person to help me with the luggage since there were no staff to help, she was NOT happy, it was not her job apparently.  She begrudgingly helped with moving the suitcases  into the elevator, but that was it.  As we got to our floor, i
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location - amongst sights and short walks to Subways. Recommend staying in the Financial District, much more quiet. Lots to see, eat and drink around the area.   You get free water, hot drinks and snacks at the hotel which were a life saver. There is also a free laundry service available. Reception was really helpful and staff were able to give useful recommendations and advise. The cleaning service was to a high standard. All hotel staff I came across were incredibly friendly and chatty. Comfy beds. Great bathroom and hot shower. Cable tv and facilities to order room service using an Uber eats type thing the hotel can organise for you and add to your total bill for you to pay at the end.   We booked the most basic room, upon arrival we were surprised
bubble_30	The sound isolation sucks!  I could hear the guy in the other room talking on the phone, and I was able tell he was talking to a lady because I could hear her voice! I can't imagine what I'm gonna hear if there's a couple next door ...
bubble_10	Queens size bed is smaller than the US standard (its about 120cm wide), air conditioning sounded like a train going in to your room and the toilet looked like you would get a better experience at a Mc Donald's. The staff is rude and rolls eyes if you ask any questions or check in late. No help with getting your luggage inside at all or anything else. Just a really bad experience. Changed hotel after a night sleep to a MUCH better hotel for at least half of the price. Dont regret that choice!
bubble_50	Location in Lower Manhattan as terrific!! Close to all attractions such as Statue of Liberty, Charging Bull, Battery Park, Museums, Staten Island Ferry.  Easy access to multiple Subway stops/lines.  Room was roomier than pictures, great complimentary wine reception each evening.  Clean, new rooms. Comfy beds. Offers check-in, room access and check-out from your phone if you wish.
bubble_50	One of the most amazing overnight stay at a hotel Ive ever had. The room was more than exceptional and the bed was super comfortable (a huge factor in my book). I very much enjoyed the wine @ 5 .  The staff there was also top notch; especially that of Dwayne Campbell, who was more than willing to assist me with any concerns that I had and providing me with information about the area and directions. Definitely will visit again.
bubble_50	Overall, my stay with Club quarters was great! The corner room was fairly spacious, the pricing of the room was reasonable and the customer service that I received was excellent. I would definitely consider staying here again, as well as recommending this hotel to others.
bubble_50	The hotel provided excellent Services. For example, provision of fruits, nuts, drinks and coffee etc free of cost and chilled purified water with disposal able bottles were admirable. The concept of guest request corner was new for me.
bubble_50	This hotel is a wonderful choice for business travelers on a budget, or anyone who wants to be in lower Manhattan, and doesn't anticipate spending a lot of time in the room. The room is small, but not problematically so. The lobby offers wine and snacks in the evening and a great espresso machine is available 24/7. The staff was always helpful and courteous. The room was very clean. The location cannot be beat. For a financial district hotel, this was a real deal.
bubble_30	The hotel is well located for the finance district., Its very tired - hallways and lifts could do with a refurb. Room was ok - bed and pillows good, blind not great and very noisy air conditioning. Smart TV functionality great. Bathroom basic but functional.  Staff were friendly and helpful, free tea/coffee/ fruit and snacks is a bonus.
bubble_40	Great location, comfortable bed. Easy phone charging, good free Wi-fi. Friendly, helpful staff. Only 2 lifts working meant long waits. Limited beverages in lounge. Room servicing was not very thorough,
bubble_50	This was a great hotel that I found and had never heard of. The location was wonderful just off of wall street and easy access to the subway. I was pleasantly surprised when I got into the room and it was very comfortable. The bed was great. And as a total bonus they had wine and snacks every evening. I would definitely stay here again
bubble_40	The location of the hotel being in Wall Street has its advantages of being close to some important sites like the 9/11 museum & Battery park from where you can take the ferry to the Statue of Liberty etc. However, it does go a bit dead in the evenings.
bubble_50	Only stayed one night at this hotel, but really enjoyed it. Staff were very helpful and efficient (especially with check in/out) and the place was very clean. Good location near wall st. Would recommend.
bubble_50	Stayed at Club Quarters hotel second time already, a very comfortable hotel, good location for anyone traveling for business in Manhattan.  I have requested to be given a room on a lower floor, preferably 3rd, and my request was honored, which I really appreciated.  The staff were extremely helpful, professional and always have a smile for you. The room was clean, and free plastic bottles and clean water on the floor were a very welcome bonus.  All in all, I would definitely recommend the hotel, and next time I am in town I know where I am staying!
bubble_30	This is a typical 3 star hotel, not 4 as announced. It is well located, however the room I stayed in was quite noisy. There is a church across the street from the hotel and its bell rings by the hour, it stops only late at night. Room and corridors carpet quite old. Staff seemed friendly. Mini fridge can be provided upon request.
bubble_40	The Club Quarters Wall Street is a favorite of ours when we travel to New York. This was our third or fourth stay there and it didn't disappoint. The staff is friendly, the rooms are comfortable, the location is perfect. Note that evening and weekend work on the subways may not make public transit as convenient as usual, but we managed. The Wall Street area is awesome. Near enough to Times Square and other sites, yet far enough away to be less crazy and quieter than midtown Manhattan. We'll be back.
bubble_30	This property failed in comparison to the Club Quarters Hotel, Central Station.  It is tired and needs to be refurbished. In its favor, is its location which provides easy walking to all the sites in Downtown Manhattan.  It also offers free wine between 5 and 6 pm.but the venue is small and lacks atmosphere.
bubble_50	'Have stayed on many occasions at the Wall Street Club Quarters location, and I've never been disappointed! Clean, convenient, and cost-effective overall! If you're looking for a business-oriented hotel in lower Manhattan, this is the place for you.
bubble_40	Great View first of all.  I guess that's anywhere in NYC.  Close to world trade center, and the wall street bull.  Staff was great! Overall we are very satisfied with the Hotel.  My only problem was the cleaning lady did not replace the soaps.  I guess she new it was the same guests.  I like to collect the soaps its just something I like to do.  Clearly if I'm paying $1,000 to stay here for a week I can afford soap.  I just like collecting them form hotels, so I put the away the next day and she was still not fully replacing the soaps.  She only replaced the shampoos when she saw the tube in the garbage.  I am paying per night!  If it was another guest you would have to replace anyway!.  Please talk to your cleaning lady.   Don't skimp on your trial size soaps.
bubble_40	currently this is my favourite hotel brand... esp London and NY properties  the value and quality at Club Quarters make the brand my immediate go-to location and modernity are huge draws, doubt theres a reason to stay anywhere else at this price point.
bubble_30	Ask ahead for a recently renovated room. I thought because I was a Club Quarters member and checked in early via their app, I would be upgraded to a newer room - I was wrong. There is also very loud construction going on in the area during the night.
bubble_30	The hotel was clean. Staff was friendly. I have no complaints or issues but was not overwhelmed. I would stay again if the price was right and I was in the area.   Other than that I feel like I have nothing to report.
bubble_40	Nice hotel, newly painted, kind of old style. Had 2 rooms, one had a double wardrobe,  thr other had a half wardrobe. Both rooms had a queen size bed for two. One room had a refrigerator, the other did not. The rooms were pretty clean, but not as expected. The room, 18th floor, with small wardrobe and no refrigerator had a nicer view than the one on 19th floor and refrigerator. Quiet surroundings, short walk to Battery Park. A few breakfast places around. Quite busy in the morning, but nice and quiet in the evening. Would recommend this, but it could be cleaner.
bubble_40	Though I'm typically working when in Lower Manhattan, Club Quarters Wall Street offers a convenient location for my travel purposes.  It is barely a five minute walk to many trendy eateries and attractions such as the NY Stock Exchange and Trinity Church. It is secure and well attended by staff.  I find the guest rooms to be very quiet and well appointed.  The adjoining restaurant is very convenient and a busy draw in the evenings.
bubble_40	I've stayed at Club Quarters in Chicago and the experience is similar. The common areas are in need of some TLC but the rooms are great. Clean, big enough and accomodating. I love the filtered water offered to guests. You're 10 minutes from the Brooklyn bridget and public transit. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	The front desk is the firs person to see and should smile and acknowledge the guest and not busy chatting with co worker. I did not know that its a self check in, Im techy and worked and a big hotel in the past and always stay in a great hotel but this is the first time to experience this. The front desk should have the sign that it is a self scheck in or at least greet you and point you to that direction.
bubble_50	We were right in the heart of Wall Street we had a lot of choices for eating and we were   really close to the subway the room was clean and they offered free coffee every morning. the room was modern and was cleaned every morning
bubble_40	I always stay at this hotel when I go to NYC on business as I have meetings nearby. The rooms are nice and clean, the staff are welcoming and helpful, and the lobby has a hospitality room with free espresso, snacks, & beverages as well as free wine at 5 pm happy hour. This time I was a bit disappointed when the lobby espresso machine did not work on the day I arrived and the tv in our room that seemed to have been newly installed was not working well. The tv's sound was out of sync with the lips and some of the channels had sound but no picture. I would recommend more pillow options as my pillow was too hard.
bubble_50	We spend 5 days in NY. Room and service were absolutly perfect, clean and comfortable. Also the location. Especially we liked the roof top bar and the free snacks and water. Thanks to Rey Roberts for the nice goodbye
bubble_40	The staff was very helpful and accommodating .Great access  was to the Wall Street area.  The room was quiet and comfortable. The  bed was comfortable.  The bathroom was  very small.  It might be difficult for a large person to move around in it.
bubble_40	Stayed over the weekend.  Liked our kitchenette -- minor points: it could have used a sink in kitchen area, a door between bedroom and dining/living area; and a better door over the bathroom (the slider needs to be adjusted, it is a little tough to move.)  This place is great for quiet, relaxing stay.   And shopping at Century 21 nearby, easy transportation, and downtown historical sites walking distance.  Even though the 2-3 lines were out of service, we were walking distance to Fulton Street station and all other lines.  Buses were also in neighborhood so transit is awesome.
bubble_40	Very nice decoration and service is good. Although there is no complimentary breakfast but they do provide snacks/fruits/coffee at lounge. The price is reasonable. If you are familiar with NYC's public transportation system, it's good choice. If not, well, you have to plan your trip with additional travel time calculated.
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great central location for business in the financial district.  The club rooms are small but comfortable.  I think they offer larger rooms though. Free wifi and bottled water are a plus.
bubble_30	We been there for 3 nights. Employees are friendly. Elevator has very used chic. (Ironic) The room was painted new BUT overall color on stone, carpet, toilet. They forgot to clean our room. Carpet was very old and dirty.  The location is really good. Thats all.  Wouldnt book it again.
bubble_50	Hotel stafffs are so friendly and helpful , room are clean and well furnished , snacks , drinks , coffee & tea provided throughout the day esp , i enjoyed very much the complimentary wines during 5-6 pm , staff are so kind and encoraged most of the guests to try wines during that hour,, feeled so relaxed and entertaining ..
bubble_40	Located in the Financial district a short walk to NYSE, Battery park, 9/11 site, South Street Seaport and lots of restaurants and bars, it is a good location for tourist, visitors and business. I got a reasonable weekend rate, price doubles during weekdays. The room is decent size for a NYC hotel. Surprising it had a small frig and microwave and Kreug coffee machine. The room was clean and functional. WiFi free along with wine in the lobby lounge from 5pm to 6pm. Snacks and coffee also complimentary in the lounge. It had a fitness center but I did not see. Very convenient location to numerous subway lines and stations. They were doing some construction work on floor 17. There is a restaurant and bar called Baileys in the same building.
bubble_20	This hotel has an excellent location, but when compared to other nearby hotels at the same price, the  quality is lacking. There are no in-room safes for your valuables, the carpet and other details are worn. There was furniture stacked in the elevator area on my floor...will book elsewhere for future trips.
bubble_50	A very clean and welcoming hotel right in the middle of lower Manhattan. The complimentary wine at 5PM was unexpected and very much appreciated! Easy check out.  Dinner was delicious in the hotel restaurant.
bubble_40	Check-in was very smooth, I got a nice room at 20th floor. It was a basic room, so pretty tiny but it was totally fine for somebody who is going to spend time at the hotel only for sleep and shower! Upgrade was available at check-in, moving to a suite for $40 extra/night. Unfortunately, the hotel does not provide breakfast but you can go the The Bailey restaurant and grab it and charge it to your room (entrance also from the hotel). Plenty of choices around the hotel food-wise as well, so it is not such a big inconvenience.  A good point is that hotel offers complementary purified water on every floor - sometimes they run out of bottles but you can definitely go on another floor and grab (That is what the FD agent told me). Also, they have a complementary wine event from 5PM
bubble_10	I stayed at this club quarters back in 2007 and 2008 and where it was base model hotel it wasn't this bad. The hallway carpet was dirty with visible debris and the same for my room.  No clock, the safe, and heating unit was extremely loud and had to be manually regulated as it did not shut off when it was suppose to on auto and for the 2nd night the TV didn't work.  For a business professional this was like staying at a youth hostile
bubble_40	As the titel says, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The price was a lot lower than the other hotels that we searched for, especially on Wall Street. The location was awesome, with great communications to the subway and Wall Street. The room was nice and clean, with comfortable beds. The free compliments in the lounge are quite nice, with great wine, coffee and snacks. We would give it a rating of 4.5 because it was good, but not the most "luxurious".  We HIGHLY recommend this place.
bubble_50	Room very comfortable and good size. Hotel in convenient location, underground quite close, sea front easy walking distance, and historic sites also nearby, including Hamilton's grave at Trinity Church.
bubble_40	Clean rooms, excellent WiFi, responsive polite staff, comfortable bed, excellent location. You dont always have to stay up or midtown, financial district has got everything you need for a stay, good transport links and places to eat
bubble_50	Except for steep stairs to entrance, this is a convenient, welcoming hotel with all the comforts a business raveler might want. Room service thru adjacent Bailey's Restaurant is a plus.Yoga mats in the room, firm but comfy beds and good WiFi.
bubble_50	We stayed here for one night having stayed at the sister hotel near WTC. Very clean room, close to some shops. Purified water stations and bottles are really nice touch, beats having to refill from the bathroom.   Comfortable sleep, comfortable bed and nice quiet room.
bubble_30	No frills stay.  Missed wine event.  Had to change room.  Great bargain for the price.  Wonderful neighborhood near Stone Street.  Would suggest asking for a renovated room at check in.  Rooms are quite small.
bubble_50	This is our first time staying here. We had a very pleasant stay. Room was comfortable. Convenient location. Anthony was very helpful. He had several recommendations for things to do in NYC. I would stay here again!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed staying at Club Quarters. It's a very clean hotel in a quiet Wall Street area. Very easy to get to other parts of the city from there. I really liked the refillable water bottle machines and the free snack selection in the lobby. The beds were super comfortable. There is an awesome pizza place nearby. Hope to stay here again soon!
bubble_50	Club Quarters is a great hotel. The food is very good, the hotel is clean and the staff is very pleasant. The rooms are nicely sized for NYC and the bed is very comfortable. I will be going back to Club Quarters for my next NYC trip!
bubble_30	Stay was fine, room was small but clean.  A lot of noise in the room.  Small lobby.  Would stay somewhere else for the money.  Also couldn't get room with 2 double beds--said only two twins were an option or an upgrade to queen+ sofa bed.
bubble_50	Nice hotel if you're not looking for bells & whistles.  Minimalist, small, extremely clean rooms.  Great location in the FiDi.  Wine at 5pm is nice touch.  Friendly front desk staff.  Did not eat at the restaurant so I can't comment on it.
bubble_50	Free coffee and tea in the room and Lobby area. Free water in fitness area. Two subway stations near to hotel, one of this very close WALL street.Friendly staff. Difficult steps in front of the reception. In the rooms has kitchen facilities.
bubble_40	Spent two nights here.  Location is excellent like almost anywhere within Manhattan.  The staff is what makes this a good place.   Close to Century 21 store. World Trade Center memorial. And if you want to use the subway, the access is just across the street.  I recommend this if you want a basic room and dont expect luxury
bubble_40	This hotel steps from Wall St. offers an upscale motel experiance. By no means fancy, it does have upscale character. The rooms were nice, the bathroom was a good size for a Manhattan hotel and overall decent sq. footage. While I could hear the loud snoring in the next room, I was able to put on the fan to drown that out. Could happen anywhere. When we were there, they were doing some kind of renovation. 3 giant moving trucks outside bringing in furniture all night long and restricting access to entry while keeping the doors open on a chilly night. The cold chill permeated the lobby, lounge and elevators. Overall, if you can get a deal here it's well worth it. I'd estimate the standard rooms a good deal at around $200. Anything well under that is a great deal.
bubble_10	Club Lounge was a disappointment. There was not much to offer and they didn't replenish the drinks in the evening. Very few snacks. Hotel seemed small and dingy. The hallways and rooms were small. I would not stay here again.
bubble_50	Hotel situated in an ideal place accessible to metro, facilities we're good with free coffee downstairs close to a number of attractions making the location useful.  Surrounded by food outlets and restaurants making eating out easy.
bubble_40	The stay here was wonderful. Dirty floors when we arrived and the room had a weird smell but the staff were wonderful and we had everything we needed and more! Definitely recommend staying here! The cleaning crew always were so polite and got us anything right when we needed it.
bubble_50	I have stayed at the club quarter for 5 nights and found them to be really helpful.  Nothing was too much trouble. Free coffee and nibbles is always a bonus.  The room was spacious, clean and had everything I needed good value for money.  I will be returning again.
bubble_40	The rooms were small but clean. We didn't mind the rooms because who goes to New York to spend all their time in a hotel. We liked the location because it was close to great places to eat and close to the subway, 9/11 memorial and the new tower. All within walking distance.
bubble_40	The Club Quarters Hotel, Wall Street is a small hotel and is located about a half a block from Wall Street and the New York Stock Exchange.   It is also located on the southeast corner of Williams Street and Pine Street.  Wall Street is just one short New York block south.  It is also located a few blocks southwest of South Street Seaport and the East River.  I have never stayed at a Club Quarters Hotel but have since learned they cater to business travelers in the US and the UK  I stayed here with my wife on a Monday evening in mid-January and paid only $137 per night plus tax. That is a VERY reasonable price given that we were about a half block from Wall Street and the entire Financial District.  Our room was a little small and had an odd shape but the bed was comfortable and
bubble_50	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. The room was small, but spacious enough for one or two people. I felt so comfortable here that it reminded me of my own home. The restaurant on the lower level was spectacular; food is on point! The amazing thing about staying here is it's in a perfect location. If you want to sightsee, everything is walking distance including World Trade Center, 911 Museum and Store, South street Seaport, and more. This area is the perfect way to explore New York because some of the features haven't changed and you can really appreciate NYC progression throughout the years. Navigation is hard at first because of the small streets, but take your time and explore. You won't regret it!
bubble_40	Everything was perfect and the location was great. The staff was very friendly. The room was spotless and I loved the tv provided amazon and other app. Everything was up to date, no complaints at all.
bubble_10	Need a place last minute, due to a flight delay and missed connecting flight. Booked online with Hotels.com, the day before. Would have been a god send if I hadn't put down the wrong date. Could not reach anyone with several calls to review and change the scheduled date. Booked the same room for the proper date, thinking it would be an easy and understandable change. They are refusing to return my money and direct responsibility around to several different people. The actual stay was fine after being in hostels for a week. Still the dirtiest / hairiest bed set I've encountered.
bubble_50	Huge Irish 'shout out' to the folks at Club Quarters Hotel on Wall Street who ensure we are having a wonderful holiday in Manhattan in advance of St Patricks Day. Especially, 'Thank You' to Anthony, Ciara, Maria, Iris, Christina, (Biljana, Agusto, Carlos too) and also Amy & Adrian in The Bailey Bar for genuinely looking after us during our stay. You are superb CQ ambassadors, so 'take a bow'!!!! Lovely Boutique Hotel and well worth a visit. Paul  and Kathryn - Dublin, Ireland.
bubble_40	Compared to the more expensive hotels, this one stands out to its comparable competitors. The service is great, a section in the lobby allows for lounging with free small snacks. They even have free wine nights from 6-7pm, almost unheard of on hotels within the area. The location is excellent, a couple of blocks away from Wall Street. I have been to three hotels (comparable) within the area, and this one I highly recommend. I would definitely come back for future trips.
bubble_30	The rooms are fine, they are small and clean but the sound proofing is a real problem. I could hear every sound coming from outside, which is an issue in NYC. I could also hear people standing outside my room by the elevator
bubble_30	Echo the comment in cold showers. I had to run mine for 5 minutes before the hot came through. Borderline acceptable. Place needs some major reinvestment. Location good, staff pleasant and now free wine! CQ has a decent brand and following. Just take this one off line for a month and sort it out.
bubble_50	OK all hotels in Manhattan are small, but once again this CQ room has managed to neatly design it so everything fits perfectly. I like having a coffee machine and the fact I can stream my Netflix to the TV. Its was clean, great bed and situated next to Wall St.   The nice thing is the 5-6pm wine tasting sessions, which you can enjoy in the lounge before you head out for the evening. The lounge isn't as nice as the top floor one at Grand Central but still very comfy.   Its really a business hotel but at the weekend I think you can get a good deal because Wall Street and downtown is very quiet.
bubble_40	Good Hotel for the price. It was relatively close to the Ferry to go see Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island but a bit away from Times Square.  PROS: - Subway entrances around the corner - Filtered water dispenser was pretty convenient   CONS: - Construction in the lobby and elevator. It was annoying to go around the construction. - Subways were under construction so we couldn't use the closest subway. - Shower head,water pressure was bad. We weren't sure how much hot water we would be able to get so our showers were quick.
bubble_50	Had all that I needed for a quick business stay. Extra bonus - a yoga mat! Quick check-in, quiet floor and hot shower. It's not fancy but room met all my needs at a very good price. I have already stayed twice and will do so again.
bubble_40	Lovely hotel and excellent value for money.. Literally 2 min walk to under ground, lots to see and do around the area. Room was clean, hotel was clean, good staff, what more do you need?10/10 from me..
bubble_50	Great downtown location, must be one of the least expensive hotels in Manhattan, very clean, modern room, plenty of restaurants nearby,close to subway.  Free wi fi, gym. Would stay there again for sure.
bubble_20	I would not recommend staying here.   The staff was very friendly and helpful.     The problem is the rooms - walls like tissue paper so all noise to the point that sleep was impossible.   In room dining food was very good .    Didnt appear to be able to fully lock the door - no usual flip lock on top - made worse when someone from staff knocked once and opened what I believed was a fully locked door before I could even answer.
bubble_40	Excellent location in downtown NYC, adequate room and comfortable bed. I have stayed at this hotel for five times and it has always been a pleasant experience. I would highly recommend this hotel for business people as well as families. Great value for the money.
bubble_10	I'll never stay at a Club Quarters again. I posted this review once before and it disappeared (hmm?) so posting again. While I was asleep, an employee used a key card to come into my room. There are no safety latches/sashes on the door, so I screamed at him to get out. He hesitated a minute before closing the door.  I reported it to the front desk staff and was given an apology and offered some free food at the restaurant next door, but that's not enough to make me feel safe about staying there ever again. Also, the bathroom is gross and had black mold in the air vent in the shower and in the tile grout (which was cracked all around).  The carpet was old, linens were old (1980's at best).
bubble_30	We were unhappy with lack of hot water for taking showers. It was an unpleasant experience when you reach your room after facing freezing weather outside. Front staff sent technician to our room but he couldnt solve the problem
bubble_40	I enjoyed the hotel as a whole. Everyone was very nice and helpful. I loved the water bottles on each floor and the snacks in the lobby. The location is great as well because its close to everything you need while on business and the room doesn't have the city noise like most of the rooms in Manhattan. I really liked the room. It was larger than most of the rooms in Manhattan and was very clean with the exception of the ventilation which was very dirty. I don't have allergies but I found my head getting congested after being in the room for a few hours. I sneezed more that week than I every do which is very abnormal for me. If the ducts were clean, this would be a five for me.
bubble_20	Great service by staff and awesome lobby lounge. Headboards and floors need thorough cleaning. plumbing and heat is very old. Still good for business. The fruit in the lounge is too moldy but the lounge and gym are great! The staff is nice and friendly. I have stayed here 11 times in the last year and sometimes things don't work like the remote or the heat. But the staff fixes the issues very very quickly!
bubble_50	Thank You Club Quarters for a great stay! The time spent was very enjoyable and memorable. Our accommodations were clean and comfortable. We enjoyed many unexpected extras like cappuccinos, fruit, sodas oh and free bottled water. Their tv system rocks. My kids were able to hook up their phones and watch hulu and play games this was a godsend. The location is away from the touristy stuff but your just an uber away from those places. Many thanks to the hotel staff Leandro Dhundup for all their help. See ya soon.
bubble_40	Near everything was great! The only complaint is: I could not seem to get the water as hot as I would like, at least for my room. The bar and restaurant downstairs convenient and great, slightly pricey but it is wall street. Staff very helpful and friendly.
bubble_50	My family had a tremendous stay at the club quarters. The hotel offered us a great stay through Priceline. The location was quiet but the nyc subway was right around the corner. The goodies offered like full coffee station, fruit nuts, sodas were great. Many thanks to Lay and the excellent desk staff they were so nice and helpful to us. We definitely will be back in the summer.
bubble_50	The staff was friendly and very accommodating.  The room was clean and comfortable. The location was close to eateries and sights. We enjoyed our stay very much and would stay here again when visiting Manhattan.
bubble_50	Smaller than norm showers,  cable was a bit off I think because it was streamed as the audio was a half second behind the video .  Otherwise my place to go when in manhattan, in walking distance to Wall Street and surrounding and always a reasonable price
bubble_50	Wall st hotel was clean and friendly in great location; highly recommend for weekend gateway. Staff was friendly, informative and helpfull. Hotel is located in heart of Financial district, right on the corner from ground zero
bubble_50	Nice clean rooms, close to WeWork office, restaurants and shopping. Right around the corner from NY exchange. Staff are pleasant and personable. I like that I can stream my phone to the TV to watch my own movies.
bubble_30	Maybe it was just our room, but it was long overdue refurbishment. It wasn't bad, just average. Staff was nice though and helpful, good location to explore Manhattan. Overall an ok hotel, which wouldnt be able to charge those prices anywhere else in the world!
bubble_40	I stayed here for 6 nights whilst working on Wall Street and found the hotel to be great.  I had a room with a kitchenette and it was a good size with a desk to work at as well.   The restaurant and bar next door had a good selection of beers and the food was pretty good. Staff were friendly and helpful.   If I am back for work nearby I will likely stay again.
bubble_40	We got a great deal of approx $110/night. Clean, efficient use of space, free water with water bottles, free snacks, coffee and wine. Comfortable bed with good sheets. Window view not great. Have stayed here many times - good location if you don't want to stay in mid town with a million other people!
bubble_40	Hotel is comfortable and good value. Room was fully functional (if a little tired) - not modern, but had everything I needed, and was reasonably spacious. Very quiet. Wifi good. Good set up for in-room working with desk, effective desk light, plugs in the right place etc. Nice touch is the free coffee/m&Ms, fruit etc in the lounge. My room was very good value compared to other other hotels in the area so would definitely recommend.
bubble_40	This was my second time staying here, first was in 2011.  When on a budget, this is a good deal. Its close enough to the WTC and 9/11 museums (slight walk); but there are subway lines nearby that make it convenient to travel to other places  The rooms are small, and oddly shaped. The decor is outdated, but seemed clean. Not the most comfortable bed. We were told through Priceline we would get a queen bed, but the hotel cant guarantee that. I was a little off put that we werent told until we checked in that there would be no water from midnight until 9am the next day, due to construction. I understand thats inevitable, but would have probably chose a different hotel had we known before.  One cute thing is that they have a few books to read up on the area. They have a mini
bubble_40	Accommodations are great, room a little small, but everything else made up for it. The Bailey which is connected in the lobby is a solid Wall St. bar/restaurant. Hotel staff was top notch. I would have liked an ironing board in the room.
bubble_50	Very good location for the Financial District and Lower Manhattan.  Very pleasant, good-sized room with amenities.  Nicely done bathroom (shower).  Very nice seating area in lobby with 24 hour coffee, tea, and snacks.  Elevators work well.  Good value,
bubble_40	Went to New York for the holidays. Got a good deal at CQ and we had a good stay. Got a room on the 19th floor with a wiev to neighbouring buildings.  Water station with bottles down the hall. Nice detail. Small gym with basic needs. Lounge with free coffee and snacks on ground floor.  Room was small but clean and comfortable. Sliding door to bathroom was a drag. Had a problem with our tv. Told front desk 3 times but it took almost 3 days before someone came and fixed it. Not good. Otherwise we had an overall good stay.
bubble_40	DrM and I spent 8 nights @ Club Quarters, Wall St. The rest of family and friends were UWS and West Village, but with this location we had no trouble meeting folks in Chelsea, getting uptown for dinners, and getting to Museum Mile on the UES. The location near 2-3 train Wall St station, Broadway, and Fulton Stations made transportation easy. Greeted by Dwayne on Christmas Day, we settled in for the week. Besides easy subway usage, we walked (quickly) or used Uber and taxis. We even enticed folks to Lower Manhattan to enjoy some of our favorite restaurants and pubs (Luke's Lobster, The Growler and Dead Rabbit). We walked to the movies @ South St. Seaport.Our 6th floor room was quiet and clean (thanks, Carmen and Larissa!) and a decent size for Manhattan. Good design helped.The
bubble_50	I was very satisfied with the hotel: nice room, well equipped with anything you need; wonderful location that allows you to reach any place by metro or on foot; I loved the neighborhood, so alive during the weekdays and quiet in the weekend with groceries and cafes at every corner.
bubble_40	The hotel is at a convenient location.  It is within walking distance to many touristy destinations.  The amenities and services are great.  With free Wi-Fi and coffee machine provided in the lobby.  The room is clean.
bubble_50	Near to subways. Near Brooklyn Bridge, Ground Zero. Can walking find Chinatown. And kindless of the staff offering coffee, tea and snacks and fruit all day long. Good price comparing other hotels  in New Yok City
bubble_30	Very convenient to Wall Street area. The room was small, dark and very cramped for two people. Especially considering the price. No iron or ironing board. The bathroom and shower were very small as well. But it was clean, so that's good.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed it, it was the best trip of my life. The Club Quarters Hotel is very nice, comfortable and very friendly. Surely this hotel will choose my next trip to NY and I will recommend it to all my friends Thanks for the hospitality.
bubble_40	Walking distance to south ferry (cruise to Statue of Liberty), charging bull.911 memorial more. A few steps away from subway station. Resto, fastfood and lots of store near the hotel Staff are so friendly.
bubble_40	When I first stayed here it was because I couldnt find hotel availability in Midtown and I reluctantly booked. Since then Ive been at this hotel more than a dozen times and have been very happy. There is a subway station across the street with the 2 and 3 trains which will deliver you to Times Square in less than 15 minutes!! So its actually closer than many Midtown hotels where youre that far away walking. Rooms are not large but comfortable and the service is very good. One tip do not stay on Penthouse floor because its only served by one elevator rather than all three.
bubble_40	The mere fact that EVERY employee I encountered displayed amazing customer service makes me a fan of this hotel. The first encounter with staff during check in completely blew me away. We were about 4 hours early (check in is at 3p) and really only expected to put our bags down and go find somewhere to wait until check in time. Not only were we given an early check in, but it was complimentary as well. If you know New York, you know they aren't exactly giving ANYTHING away so I was impressed. The hotel is not extravagant, but it was clean, for an older building, and consistent.   The room was small, but not too small by NYC standards. The view was horrid, but seriously if you aren't in a high rise in Times Square that's to be expected, right?   The lobby was beautifully
bubble_40	I travel to NYC every few months for work and usually stay at the same 2 hotels but had to find somewhere new as they were fully booked.  I stayed here for 11 nights in December and was made very welcome by the staff and given a bigger room in check in. The size of rooms generally for NYC are big and it was great not to be cramped in.  Decor was fairly modern but due for a touch up in the next couple of years. My main annoyance was that the door on my room needed refitting and squaring up properly which led to a bit of increased noise in the room from the hallway but that's only a small thing.   I will definitely be staying here again on my next trip in February.
bubble_40	I've stayed there for 2 days and I was impressed with the room .large flat screen TV and the bed was comfortable.  Only down side it's kinda far from midtown about 15 minute subway ride to Penn Station . The price of the room was cheap for nyc standards about 130 a night taxes and fees included I book 3 wks in advance
bubble_40	I've had a couple of nice stays at this modest hotel while I was downtown to attend a nearby university program.   It's a smallish hotel, but the concierge is friendly and makes your stay easier. You can check your bags and run off to early meetings.   The lobby level has a comfortable lounge with snacks to enjoy before you head up for bed. Each hallway has a special water bottle filling station. Wi-fi works fine in the rooms.  The gym is adequate with a range of equipment.   My group also enjoyed the street-side restaurant and bar.  The hotel is around the corner from Wall Street, plus there is a 24-hr drugstore and several decent restaurants close by. There is also a Citibike stand nearby and the 2/3 and 4/5 subway lines among others, which makes it extremely convenient as
bubble_50	We liked it very much. Room wasn't too small. was comfortable, clean, trendy looking. Close to subway stations, not too expensive, very quiet. The wifi worked well for us. We didn't have any view but were happy with the price and quality.
bubble_40	This was a solid stay. I feel like it could have been cleaner but I wasn't grossed out. It was just little things like a tray of food from room svce stayed in the hallway overnight and was still there in the AM. The base of my bathroom door frame was rusty. The room itself was clean.   I didn't have an issue with noise but my heater fan ran the whole time, so if there was noise, I don't think I would have heard it. I was also in a room at the end of the hall, which would prevent foot traffic going by.   Here's what I loved - chilled, bottled water. As much as you want. I drink a ton of water and normally have to buy a case when we travel and lug it in and out of the room. Not the case here. They supply bottles above the machine to fill them.   The gym had 2 treadmills and 2
bubble_50	This hotel is located just next to wall street and WTC.15 mins walk to few other tourist destinations. A lot of good places to eat and to see nearby and lots of tall buildings with old charm. NY Stock Exchange is 3 mins walk.
bubble_50	Stayed here for 4 nights, out first visit to New York. Great location on Wall Street and within walking distance of 9/11 memorial as well as Staten island ferry which is a free round trip to see both Statue of liberty and views of Manhattan. You can walk to Fulton St subway station for the easiest connections uptown to all the main sights. Wall St station is closer but closed at weekends. The subway can be confusing at first but easy enough once you get used to it. A 7 day metrocard was the best value for money if using the subway daily. Round the corner from hotel (right from entrance) is a dunkin  donuts and Taz cafe for quick breakfast bites.  In the lobby you can have unlimited self serve hot drinks as well as m&ms and other snacks. At breakfast time fruit and cereal bars
bubble_50	I don't usually stay in the NYC financial district, but a friend recommended this hotel so I decided to give it a try.  My stay there was absolutely delightful, the hotel had everything I needed, and the city location was perfect.  The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and my room -- quiet and comfortable.  I stayed in one of the smaller rooms and for one person, it was just right.  Thanks, Club Quarters!!!
bubble_50	This is an all around great place to stay. The staff is helpful and prompt in addressing requests, the rooms are a good size for a New York hotel, and the property is well maintained. Having Bailey's next door is a plus when you want a real breakfast or an easily accessible dinner at the end of the day. The extra amenities, like free water bottles and yoga kits delivered to your room upon request, make this a comfortable option when visiting or working away from home.
bubble_40	Just off Wall Street. Helpful and Polite Staff, Good restaurant and bar with helpful staff, The room was clean and a decent size. Would stay again. Nice staying in Manhattan and not having all the noise of the city at night.
bubble_20	Tiny room/bathroom. Elevators incredibly loud and vibrated the room. Uncomfortable beds. Shower took 15 Min to heat up (literally). TV remote worked less than 50% of time. Wireless app key spotty at best.
bubble_50	The hotel is literally steps away from the 2 & 3 subway station at Wall & William, which makes it an easy trip up the West Side. It's only a slightly longer walk to the East Side trains. Although other reviewers found the room small, I come to New York often on business and I've paid much more for rooms of the same size. My room would have been fine for a couple and was more than adequate for a single traveler. The shower was roomy, and the Keurig coffeemaker was especially welcome. This is real value for money.
bubble_50	We loved this hotel. The room was cozy, but spacious enough to accommodate 3 people for a week without feeling any inconveniences. Mini-kitchen helped a lot, room was always clean, wi-fi fast and reliable. There is always (24/7) drinking water available on the floor (with bottles to take with) and coffee station with snacks in the lobby. Staff is very friendly and helpful, check-in and check-out were record-breaking fast. There are a lot of cafes in the neighborhood and a very convenient Duane Reade drugstore in the next building. There are lots of sightseeings in walking distance and variety of subway stations allowing you to travel using almost any line in no time. We are so lucky to have chosen this hotel for our first visit to NYC and are looking forward to come again
bubble_30	The hotel was ok and we were often out so it was a comfy place to lay your head after a busy day in New York.  I booked a suite with my friend as I'm a snorer and didn't want to impose that on her however don't be fooled the suite does not have a separate room it has a bed in a bit of a compartment opposite the big lounge room hidden by cupboards ! If you want privacy get your own rooms.  It was cleaned each morning promptly and there was water, coffee and a few snacks available it also had vending machines. It was perfectly ample for our stay - i'd liken it to a travel lodge in the U.K.   I thought it was a good area to stay in the financial district. Very close to broad way, the trade centre memorial, the Brooklyn bridge and where you get the ferry to see the Statue of
bubble_40	I feel like you have to readjust your expectations in Manhattan- small is the new normal, and the rooms at Club Quarters are small but not cramped and they're clean and serve their purpose. I liked the proximity to the subway and to the water, a quick run and I was looking at the Statue of Liberty across the water. My only complaint is that the sheets were scratchy and too starched. But they had free purified water and bottles to go and M&Ms in the sitting area!
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights on a quick trip to New York. The hotel is located a few steps from Wall St subway station (number 2 or 3 train) and is approximately 5-10 mins away from Times Square by train and about the same in walking time to the world trade centre and south ferry subway station (statue of liberty ferries tours start here)   Only thing I will say is that if youre staying here over a weekend then just remember Wall St station will be closed. The next closest stop is only 2 blocks way though so wont have to walk far.   In terms of the hotel, its very business-like. Clean and tidy, 24 hour free coffee machine in the lobby area and the room was equipped with everything you could possibly need. The beds were very comfortable and although our room was facing the street
bubble_10	This hotel has the look and feel of a place that was renovated 30 years ago and has not been touched since.  The bathroom is small and inadequate.  The pillows unusable because they are so lumpy, hard and big.  The blanket is of a horrible artificial material that doesn't keep you warm and the heater hardly warms the room.  The staff and pleasant in an disinterested sort of way. Altogether there are much better places to stay.
bubble_50	This was our second visit - its our go-to place to stay in NYC!! The neighborhood has plenty of options for food, either to walk to or for delivery. The staff at the hotel is always happy to help with anything you need. A couple of small notes: they have a machine with chilled filtered water and bottle to refill on every floor. Also, there is a hot drinks station in the lobby with snacks in the evening. We will always stay at Club Quarters when we are in New York!
bubble_50	I can't say enough about an employee at this hotel.  His name is Dhundup.   Dhundup works at the front desk at the CQ.  My Husband, Daughter and I were stuck in NYC on a Friday night due to an awful circumstance with accommodations at another hotel.  We were victims of a fraudulent listing at Hotels.com.  Long story short, we walked into CQ Hotel and they informed us that the hotel we were looking for didn't exist.  They had numerous innocent people walk in looking for the same place (DON'T book at The Alfie!) that doesn't exist (location near to CQ).   Dhundup was sympathetic as he knew it was a terribly upsetting situation to be stuck in NYC w/out a room on a weekend with a young child as well. He allowed us to use their lobby to try and figure it all out.  This turned into 3
bubble_50	Great place to stay in lower Manhattan.  Now that FiDi has become a destination, things are getting busier and weekend rooms are harder to come by. A great base of operations for either business or sightseeing.
bubble_50	This is a very nice hotel with great amenities and a wonderful staff.  Great restaurants nearby and conveniently located near the Walk street subway.  Very close to the 9/11 Memorial and an easy walk to the river.
bubble_50	A very nice, reasonably priced hotel located in the Wall Street area close to some great restaurants and the water. While rooms were small, they were extremely well-appointed and is really all you need traveling alone or as a couple. Staff is very helpful/pleasant and the hotel itself is everything you would hope for from a luxury hotel of this caliber.
bubble_10	This is my second stay at this hotel. The first stay, I didn't realize they upgraded my room, which made for an OK room for the rate. Very low in amenities, self-serve bottled water, pillows, iron and ironing board. Literally, go and get them yourself. This is one step above a youth hostile. Hoping it would change, things got a lot worse when they assigned me a standard room, it's small, like a cage, a small shower, no amenities, simply terrible. The only bright spot was the front desk staff was kind, but ineffective. 2nd, but last time for sure.
bubble_40	Stayed in a Queen suite which was spacious and well equipped. The staff were lovely, it was really clean and the gym was clean and well equipped. I love a bathtub so this was the icing on the cake for me.  It is also really well located for the financial District.  The decor is a bit old fashioned but Ill take friendly and comfortable over fancy decor any day.
bubble_10	I cannot recomend this hotel to anyone. I should stay here with my boyfriend on 19th November, but sometimes happened to you, that you have family problems, seriously healthy problems, or whatever and we called more than 20 days before to rebook our stay to 1st April 2018 and management cannot make this change. Easy how to say it: They don't wanna to do you favour!
bubble_50	Although the hotel was difficult to find for my Lyft driver, the location was perfect for the business I was there to take care of.  The rooms are small but they have everything you need.  i LOVE the water chillers and bottle supply they have available, and the refreshments in the break room are awesome.  i would definitely recommend this to anyone who needs to be in that area of lower Manhattan.
bubble_30	Location was great, staff was wonderful.  I have no idea of the value as I did no comparisons just stayed at hotel where my sister stayed. The couch bed was AWFUL & sad. The suite was great with the livingroom area.
bubble_50	Very nice "boutique" hotel in the middle of the Financial district off of Wall Street. Room was larger than what the pictures show which was a pleasant surprise. Great location, right next to 2 and 3 subway lines. CG even provides complimentary snacks, filtered water, and sodas. Great if you are here for site seeing. Friendly staff.  Highly recommended.
bubble_40	This was our second stay with Club Quarters Wall Street. Definitely would return. Freedom Tower and 9/11 Memorials are within walking distance. There are many choices for dining nearby as well as in the hotel.
bubble_20	I usually stay at the Club Quarters World Trade Center when I visit New York. I love that location! I decided to booking 2 nights at this location and now I regret it.  The beds were so UNCOMFORTABLE that it was hard for my wife and I to sleep. It felt like I was sleeping on a concrete mattress. The shower makes a weird screeching noise that got annoying after awhile. The room also felt dirty. It didn't give me that clean vibe. The A/C unit was very loud!  The only reason I gave it a 2 was because of the location and the staff was very polite and kind.
bubble_50	I would highly recommend this hotel for those seeking a comfortable stay at good value prices. Most importantly, the staff at reception made our time all the more enjoyable.  We had some initial issues with the bedding in our first room (i.e. the king size bed was in fact two twins joined together) but Maria and Ciara at reception were able to fix the solution and move us to a higher floor with different bedding on a very efficient and friendly basis. We travel very regularly and the staff at the hotel is the difference between places in my view. On this basis, Maria and Ciara were very welcoming and warm despite our repeated requests - professionalism exemplified!  Recommend for a great stay in Manhattan!
bubble_50	Our stay here was one of the best we had in NYC. I was here on business and did an online training for the week. Iris, Anthony, Augusto, Vladimir and the rest of the staff made the experience worry free. They connected my laptop to the room TV for telepresence, adjusted the housekeeping around my schedule and the location was perfect for my wife to get around while I was working. There are so many sites in walking distance and if you need to use NYC transit, it is just a short block away.  Use the CQ app and make the experience even better. if not just use the TV apps. We've stayed in Midtown at different hotels and I can say going forward this is the hotel we will look for.
bubble_50	The hotel is quiet, small, clean and give you a family like feeling. We stayed in the hotel for 5 nights. Got very clean and cozy room on the 17th floor. The hotel offers free WiFi with reasonable speed, and free water bottles. The room was equipped with working desk, TV with multiple channels and options, and many electricity sockets for re-chagrining mobile phones, and other equipment. There is no safe deposit or refrigerator in the room. The hotel's front desk is very helpful and polite and helped us in everything we asked for, It has a Gym in the third floor and the lobby includes free drinks and snacks throughout the day, I am planning to come back on my next visit to NYC/Wall Street area.
bubble_50	Located in the financial district which is actually great now- there's a soul cycle, juice generation and shake shack nearby. Next to subway. Clean rooms and you can ask for a mini fridge. We enjoyed our time there- highly recommended
bubble_30	Staff were friendly on arrival.  Coffee lounge area just off reception and there was a free coffee machine (Latte's / Cappuccino's) and some free snacks, which was very nice.  It's not the fanciest or trendiest place, but it gives solid, comfortable accommodation at amazingly excellent value in a good location - a real plus in NYC.    We booked this via Priceline for a two night weekend stay, and got a fabulous deal compared with uptown properties.  It's probably not far off needing a 'touch up', but our room was clean and the lady from housekeeping was friendly and did a good job.   It felt a bit dark, even though the walls were white.  The pictures on the website look a bit more cheerful. The tall buildings, with narrow roads, block the light in this area (not the fault of the
bubble_10	I was bit by bedbug in this hotel. When I checked out, I told them to check and they said I would and they would also contact me later. But they never did. I am so mad with them now and won'y choose this hotel again.
bubble_50	The hotel was very clean and very homely. The free snacks at the lounge every day made the stay extra special. The hotel is in a safe and secure place. The staff are also very professional. The service is excellent and much care is accorded to the clients needs.
bubble_50	I travel frequently to NYC and have been using Club Quarters as my hotel. They always make sure my stay is convenient and relaxing by anticipating and minimizing any potential issues. The staff sets them apart from any other hotel in the area. Thanks, Leandro, Dundhup and Ciara!!! You guys rock!
bubble_30	I wish I could say I would go back, but was misled about a AAA discount. I was told to ask for it at check-in, but at check-in, the staff person said I had to call from my room and talk to Member Services. The Member Services rep told me that I had to do it at checkin,,,it was already too late and I could not get the discount. Then, when I talked to a supervisor, I was told that only AAA employees get a discount..I was deceptively misled about this!
bubble_20	Central location in the financial district of NYC. Rooms were small and outdated. I saw many cracks in the paint and furnishings have been well used. The bed was horribly hard and uncomfortable making it difficult for me to get a good night's sleep. The food at the hotel restaurant was pretty good, though offered very little variety and not many options for a gluten free diet. The room didn't have a mini fridge so I couldn't bring something back or plan ahead with a meal to eat. I stayed two nights here and don't think I could have bared to stay any longer than that.
bubble_40	At the corner of Wall Street, it has a perfect position to visit Manhattan. Several subway stations can take you anywhere in the city in short time at little cost. The hotel itself is very rationally laid out. Small hall/lounge, but very comfortable. Helpful staff, well trained and good knowledge of the city transports and attractions. Well equipped rooms, even though quite small. Price reasonable, considering NY standards and the position.
bubble_40	Stayed in two rooms over two nights (due to airline issues), and both met my basic needs with no frills.  The amenities promised (lobby, floor by floor, and in-room) are a bit more sparse than claimed -- WiFi worked, but was not spectacular (I dind't try printing); in the lobby, the carbonated water spigot was barely fizzy, snacks were limited, and whatever was offered seemed to split the scene early -- all told, I never saw anything as diversified as the pictures and, regardless of time of day, was better off seeking any nourishment elsewhere. The amenities closets on each floor were pretty sparse, as well.  They appear to house a few communal ironing boards, irons, and a handful of mending kits and shower caps (if you're lucky) - I did find an empty mending kit box and, in
bubble_40	This hotel isn't the fanciest or classiest place but it sure has a certain distinguished feeling. It's by no means upscale, you'll find both businessmen and tourists going in and out of the doors.  Upon check-in there was a major problem as my bank seemed to have blocked my credit card, although I've notified them. Front desk staff Ciara tried several times, but to no avail. I called my bank and card provider and finally, 2.5 hours later the problem was fixed. Ciara couldn't have been more helpful and that's what's earned the hotel a 4 instead of a 3 star rating imho.  Upon entering my room, it was fairly large (remember, this is NYC, so it wasn't a suite either). The room was in dire need of refurbishment, but it was well maintained and clean. The work desk was large, with
bubble_50	The Club Quaters Hotel, Wall Street is my go-to hotel when traveling on business to NYC's Financial District. The location is great! The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are large (for NYC), clean and well-designed. The gym is well equipped with lots of cardio machines and weights. I will stay here again and again and you should too!
bubble_40	My wife and I went to New York at the end of May booked the Club Quarters Hotel, Wall Street through Booking.com as it was cheaper than the hotels own website. we flew into JFK and took the A train to Howard beach station and the subway to Fulton st station and walked the last 10 mins. The hotel is located yards from wall street itself and has the benefit of having the Bailey pub attached to it although it gets very full in the evening with Wall Street types. The hotel room was small but not as small as some and at the end of the day who goes to new York to spend time in a hotel room. The hotel had a water station and iron and ironing board on our floor which was handy. The hotels location is excellent as it is really !5 mins walk in any direction to get to Wall st ,the World
bubble_40	Very helpful to international travelers. Enjoyed the stay. I look forward to recommending the hotel to friends visiting New York. The place is near important sites like the World Trade Center, Trump building etc
bubble_40	My partner and I booked this hotel through Expedia after reading good reviews and finding that it was quite reasonably priced We checked in easily and went up to our room. This was a good size and had all the amenities needed. Also, extra storage space that you wouldn't normally get in other rooms.  Our carpet under the AC was quite wet when we arrived but that didn't bother us at all, we changed and headed downstairs to meet our friends for dinner in the restaurant, which I can highly recommend, prices are a tad high though outside of happy hours for drinks.  The toiletries in the shower were great, the only problem we had was that the shower head 'moved' when in use. Popping a flannel around this stopped it happening.  I would return to this hotel and recommend it
bubble_30	I got this hotel through Priceline.  The room was small and only had one bed.  The view was of concrete walls which were part of the building.  No one was overly friendly.  Only plus was the restaurant which was reasonable and food was good. Location was good, by 2 subway stations; a few blocks from Battery Park and several blocks from Ground Zero.
bubble_40	This is a well located CQ in lower Manhattan Wall Street area.  Checking was efficient, lounge was great, rooms were clean and rates were really good for UN week. Close to two Subway stations.  The common areas, lobby, and parts of the rooms are starting to show a little wear around the edges. Clean but worn through heavy use. I do recommend the location for convenience.
bubble_40	Decent place, nice to have a restaurant/bar downstairs. They also have a common area with snacks and beverages. Rooms are good size for NY. Good location if you want to be in financial district. Very close to many subways and easy access to various sites in lower Manhattan.
bubble_30	The hotel room was spacious and had a suite layout with 2 TVs, mini frig, plates and silver. However, bed and furniture was average to lower end. Shower head basic. In the heart of financial district, but I value a good bed and and shower when away from home.
bubble_30	Room was O.K., but nothing special. Rather old furniture and the room door is not soundproof, so you hear every noise from outside the room. Positive is the Club room on the ground floor, where you receive complimentary coffee, soft Drinks and Snacks.
bubble_40	Small room which is normal for New York City, expensive, which is also common for New York City. But great location! And less expensive than others in the area. Don't need much in the room anyways because you won't spend much time there!
bubble_40	When I called to make the reservation, Joseph could not have been more helpful.  We arrived to a professional staff (could have been a bit more friendly) and a very clean, comfortable, quiet room.  The amenities were great - purified water station and in room coffee.  The location was perfect for us.  We had a drink in the bar with a friendly bartender.  All was quite lovely.  I would definitely recommend staying at Club Quarters.
bubble_50	Last stop on a round the world trip excellent facilities and we'll kept all through only stayed three days but with hindsight would have stayed longer and explored New York in more depth we took in as much as we could but now wish it was more.
bubble_50	Water filling station, coffee and snack station nice treat! Very secure hotel and very clean....Will return on our next visit. Staff very accommodating, main desk staff helpful, courteous and friendly.
bubble_50	My husband and I were very pleased with our four night stay. The location was great! Close to several subway stations but also within walking distance to some attractions. The room was clean and having free water bottles to carry with us was a big plus! We would definitely recommend staying here.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I spend the weekend in NYC and chose the Club Quarters because it was decent priced, a seemingly quality hotel and was close to where we would be visiting.  The hotel lived up to our expectations and then some. It was pretty close to the subway, battery city and north cove marina which is where we frequented and was a quiet stay.  It was awesome that you needed a key to operate the elevator and made us feel safe.  One of the best aspects of this stay was being able to check our luggage since we arrived hours before check in and left hours after check out.  Definitely take advantage of this complimentary service.  We loved the water in the hallway, it was great to not have to pay city prices for bottled water.  We overall enjoyed the stay and would book with CQ
bubble_50	Great value ... ideal location for visiting Southernmost Manhattan sites such as South street Seaport, Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero memorial, Liberty Church, Battery Park,  Museum of American Indian, etc
bubble_20	Club Quarters assigned me a room on the PH level and only 1 out of 3 elevators can go to the PH floor.  The problem is that there is only 1 set of buttons for the elevators so you could be standing on the main floor for a very long time when the other elevators keep coming to floor 1.  Additionally, the rooms on this floor are very small, attic like.  Since, I just wanted to get to my reservation and take a show I thought I would open the shade and let some light in but the shade did not work.  The shower was very old and dirty.  I called the front desk, waited 20 minutes but no one came to fix the shade so I had to leave.  Came back 4 hours later, shade was still not fixed, called the desk , a guy came and told us to move.  The new room was larger on a different floor and much
bubble_40	Room was clean nicely furnished.  Odd shaped room was small but not unusual from NYC.  Location is great with plenty of local restaurants nearby.  Good value in NYC in a convenient location.  I intend on staying there again in the future
bubble_50	A great hotel with amazing staff. They were friendly and gave great advice about things like where to eat, where to go, and even how to best navigate the hotel. The rooms were extremely comfortable and clean with high ceilings, making them feel bigger than almost every NYC hotel I've been in.
bubble_40	Right next to the Trump building, clean and modern.  No fresh towels left our second day.  Desk Staff friendly but less drinks and snacks in lobby area than the Philly.  The rooms are slightly bigger and less warn in Philly as well. Good deal for $$.
bubble_40	I previously had a good experience at the CQ WTC location, and chose the Wall Street location this time. Close to the subway, restaurants. Stylish furnishings, good health center too. Good value for the price.
bubble_40	The room was larger than expected, especially for a NYC hotel room, and the on floor water bottle stations were an unexpected treat. The hotel is close to subway lines, the NJ Path train and the WTC. It's also within walking distance to the Brooklyn Bridge.
bubble_50	Comfortable room right on Wall Street, great for strolling beside the Hudson, visiting the site of World Trade Center. Subway entrance just outside. Tea, coffee and chilled water in the room. Bar and restaurant on first floor.
bubble_50	the best!  Friendly staff, efficient!  Couldn't be better, personal touches.  quiet room, great location, clean, like the purified water that's available.  Great location.  Try a walk over to Stone St.  you can also walk up to the 9/11 Memorial at night-it's beautiful!!  It's open until 9:30 pm.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 6 days in a room with 2 beds with my teen daughter. Separate bathroom with privacy.easy access to subway stations-Wall St(2,3) and 4,5 also nearby. Lots of places to eat nearby like leo's bagels(3 Hanover Square). Printed my itinerary from the office below. Filtered water available on each floor. Beds were cleaned everyday.Would highly recommend for people on a budget. 20 misn to Times square on 2,3 subway. buy an unlimited  Metrocard & use the subway like a champ using this hotel as a base.
bubble_20	The outside of the building is lovely and fits in nicely with the buildings on Wall Street (just around the corner) and cobblestone streets of Downtown Manhattan. Unfortunately, the inside of the building is old, drabby and stained. In my room, there were stains on the bedspread (eww) and multiple visible splotches on the carpet and chair in my room. The hallway of my floor also smelled strongly of cigarettes (although miraculously our room was spared. What can I say - the price was right, but there's a reason for that. The location is good at least - it's just a 5 minute walk from Fraunces Tavern (excellent neighborhood and NYC gem) and an easy walk to Battery Park and the beautiful waterfront area of Battery Park City. Maybe just be on the safe side and bring your own sheets
bubble_50	Stayed in a a "club room"- staff helpful. Room comfortable= bottles and purified water down the hall. Living room off lobby  looked comfortable.  Good view of Liberty square. Baileys was too noisy on Thurs night to get a drink.
bubble_30	stayed here 3 weekends in a row for various reasons so I have a very good feel for the hotel.  Rooms are average at best, 1st visit, the toilet wouldn't flush, 2nd visit our room was next to the elevator which was very loud, 3rd visit we had no mini fridge.  Each time the room was different also, very quirky.  As for the location, the 2/3 subway is literally a 15 second walk, all of the downtown attractions are right there, Wall Street is around the block and the World Trade Center area is close, Trinity Church a few blocks away.  Its very inexpensive but you get what you pay for.  Wouldn't rave about this hotel but I live in NY and it served its purpose as a place to rest my head and not be a tourist
bubble_50	Stayed for five nights in August.  The room was very spacious, with small kitchenette and coffee maker.  Had one bed and pullout sofa bed. Staff very pleasant always taking the time to give directions and restaurant recommendations.  Always greeted when entering and exiting the lobby.   Coffee and filtered water always available. One complaint is the sofa bed was very uncomfortable, could definitely use upgrading. Wondering if there are rooms available with two beds, would work better for us.
bubble_50	I was very impressed with Club Quarters. The staff are really very friendly & helpful. The bedrooms are nice & spacious & very clean. Location wise it was excellent. It is only a 5 minute walk to the World Trade Centre area & for shopping Century 21 is only a very short walk away. I ordered breakfast & the food was excellent. I would highly recommend this hotel especially if you are looking for a location close to the World Trade Centre. Next time I am back in New York I plan to stay at Club Quarters since I had such an excellent experience.
bubble_50	Had a wonderful experience through Justin M. Would 1000% stay here again. This is in close proximity to the World Trade Center, and close enough for a stay for an event at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn, which is what we did.
bubble_30	Not a pleasant experience.  Broken elevators, broken refrigerator, and check-in/check-out kiosk broken.  Technology fail in too many areas for me.  There is rampant construction going on in the streets which adds to the cacophony.
bubble_50	Great location, 5 minute walk to the world trade centre, rooms very clean and great views, there's a great Irish bar just on the corner and also a little pizza bar which was gorgeous, also the subway is just on the corner so easy to get around the city.
bubble_50	for $250 you can get a quality room and have a wonderful stay. I found the front desk/lobby staff to be knowledgeable of the area and pleasant. Great lower Manhattan hotel good for business or tourism
bubble_40	We were booked for 6 nights and so opted for $40 upgrade for a 'suite' that made all the difference for two people needing to do some work as well as sleep. A large room was divided into bedroom and sitting room by a 3/4 wall with closets and a TV on each side. There was a desk and a dining table allowing for 2 work stations, more than enough outlets for re-charging, a sofa and 2 arm chairs, a microwave, coffee maker. The bathroom was fine. In short this hotel is very serviceable.  Lower Manhattan has come alive. This is a great area to stay with it's proximity to Pier 11 ferries that cross the East River to provide the most spectacular views and many stops on the Brooklyn side for the remarkable fare of $2:75 (perhaps not so wonderful in winter...), Ground Zero and the 9/11
bubble_50	Very helpful staff, room was perfect for our trip. Anthony and Ciara were a warm welcome and very accommodating! Location was close to a few trains which made it easy to get around. Will definitely keep this hotel in mind for our next visit.
bubble_40	Very friendly and helpful front desk staff. CQ Wall Street is well positioned in lower manhattan   Room was very clean and functional. While basic accommodations it offered coffee, tea, water, comfortable bed.  Good connectivity.
bubble_40	I stayed with family (husband and two kids) in August 2016 in this hotel for five days. It was really in a good location with walking distance to many of the tourist attractions. Subway also around the corner and easy access to everywhere.   Hotel was maybe a bit dated but overall clean and our room was really a nice corner suite. Purifed water was available for free and some snacks and coffee in the lobby.  I would stay again and can recommend.
bubble_40	This is a beautiful hotel in lower Manhattan, the price was great but the hotel just needs a little bit of love from their staff. I had checked in on a Monday night and when i walk in to the hotel to ask for a luggage cart, the attendant tells me that they don't have one. So after lugging all of my bags up to the room (I had a nice view on the 19th fl), I was amazed how nice and spacious the room was. But as I was looking thru the room I started to find the flaws. (Cracks in the ceilings, walls, paint peeling in the bathroom, and tiny shower)
bubble_50	Excellent customer service with competitive value for money. The facility is above basic and the room is very cleaned with daily housekeeping. Stayed during my business trip and wouldn't hesitate to use it both for business again and definitely for pleasure. Quite away from the shopping and all but the 2/3 line are so close that it is very easy to get to. At least, there is no noise during the night as compare to majority of hotels in mid-town and definitely in the tourist area.
bubble_30	claustrophobic room, toilet door wouldn't close. Towel had holes in it. The other Club quarter's new World Trade Center is better. Room didn't have much light. Not sure why there is a common iron and iron board - took me forever to find it out in the corridor
bubble_40	Overall impressed with hotel, this is third stay at this location.  Bed on this occasion left a little to be desired but otherwise the room was great overall.  The location is superb, just off Wall Street in the centre of the FiDi area.  I will use hotel again.
bubble_50	My husband, daughter and I took a quick trip to New York City before her starting school near by and we could not be happier with the choice of hotel. Starting from the staff Ciara and Iris took care of us the moment we came to the hotel. The night staff were also accommodating always greeting us with a smile as well. We had only one issue was with the door lock but Ley the night manager resolved the issue really quick that it became no bother. Hotel offers snacks and soda throughout the stay and the best part was the free bottle water station o our floor. The hotel held our luggage for us as well while we situated our daughter into her new dorm. Thank You to all the staff we  will see you all again on Christmas.
bubble_30	It appeared the room was squeezed into an attic space. While the room was fine the shower was too small and the location of the shower fixtures was poorly thought out.  The water from the showerhead discharged directly onto the bathroom floor.
bubble_40	Perfect location, close to the downtown tourist sites and handy for the subway! Room and bathroom was really clean! Facilities were great - coffee machine in the room, water machine on every floor, tea, coffee and snack area in the lobby! Free wifi and lounge area with computer and printer next to lobby! Great stay!
bubble_50	We were very happy with our stay here! After our 10 days here we can only recommend this Hotel. Excellent gym. Free Coffee, Fruits and other appetizers near the lobby. You can reach every important location withing a few minutes. We had room number 509, the Housekeeping-Lady was especially lovely, friendly and competend. We sure come back  :-)
bubble_30	If you need to stay near Wall St, for work, on a budget, this place is acceptable. If you're staying for a longer than a few days or vacationing, this isn't really the place for you. Close to lots of touristy Wall St things though.
bubble_30	The location is great, the room adequate and the amenities so-so.  The shower was guite good as was the bed which was comfortable.  The desk lamp bulb was burned out and when I requested a replacement, no one came.  The little continental breakfast was ok.  The coffee maker was fine but had no regular coffee, only decaf.  But the location justifies these little issues.  Capt Makai
bubble_50	Excellent value for your money.  Great service from everyone.  I would definitely return to this hotel. Well situated.  The staff is fantastic and very attentive.  Rooms are well appointed.  Thank you to the front desk staff for your service.
bubble_50	1) The rooms are NOT small by NYC standards. You might argue that the bathrooms are small, but I was very comfortable in my room. 2) Accommodations quiet, clean and comfortable.  3) Loved the updated electronic amenities 4) Absolutely enamoured with the cappuccino machine/snack bar/lounge! <3 5) Superb service 6) Fantastic location for business or pleasure 7) Can't wait to go back!
bubble_50	I have stayed here before. Staff is terrific. Very knowledgeable and helpful. The room was missing towels and glasses but they saw that problem immediately. I always request to stay here when in the financial district
bubble_40	Hotel was in great location and the adjoining restaurant was really nice. The room was a typically cozy downtown hotel size. The service staff was extremely nice and accommodating. I would stay here again and the location was perfect for getting around...subway entrance on the same block as the hotel.
bubble_10	The bed was extremely uncomfortable and the pillows seemed very old.  The bathroom was tiny and had the feel of a cruise ship.  The A/C cut off and on very loudly and woke me up.  The comforter had something on it that gave me a skin rash.  I will never stay at this hotel again.  There are many other hotels that are more comfortable right around the corner.
bubble_50	Property is a perfectly situated in downtown Manhattan.  Nice, clean and staff is very attentive.  Special thanks to Anthony Duma for making my stay a special one.  He was very helpful and very professional.   Will stay at this property again.
bubble_50	I would like to begin this message by saying a HUGE thank you to Dhondup and Maria who tried throw best to help me as an outsider.  Here is the story...   on July 19th I booked a "non existence " hotel in the same neighbourhood on hotels.com. My uber driver dropped me off at CQ hotel thinking that it was hotel Alfie ( the fake hotel ) so I went inside with my big bags and exhausted body after my long hay and all the connecting flights. Later I found out that it wasn't the one I get really stressed. The staff was sooo kind and nice they let me use their wifi and phone ( I just arrived the city so didn't have a local SIM card yet), let me store my bags , and even helped me with hotels.com replacement arrangement.  So touched ! I will stay in this hotel next time when I am in New
bubble_30	Booked one night for 3 people and then booked a second night for 2 people and stayed in two different rooms. Rooms were clean, not much of a view since you are downtown in between buildings. Centrally located. Small showers. I'm 5'2 and even I thought they were small.   On our second night the AC made a clicking noise if you turned it up above 70. Notify the front desk in the morning as we were checking out and they gave us a $50 voucher for the restaurant, which was nice. We had breakfast there but it was lacking. My scrambled eggs were runny and did not taste good at all. The waiter looked annoyed that he had to wait on us and we couldn't just do the buffet.   The hotel was fine for the amount of time we were there but not sure I'd go back.   Parking is right around the corner
bubble_40	Was visiting a daughter and grandson nearby.  The room was comfortable and the location convenient.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Restaurant was nicely appointed, and a bit pricey.  But I live in suburban Philadelphia with somewhat lower cost of living.
bubble_20	Hotel has tiny rooms; I am not sure if that is only for this particular location or everywhere this brand hotel has same type of room or not. I booked it through third party website, I got it for cheap but would not like to return back to this place.
bubble_50	Hotel is steps away from Subway! We had a one room suite--lots of space for a New York hotel room. Management and staff are exceptionally nice and helpful. Area is quiet at night. Would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	Very good. Hotel room was reasonably clean although there is opportunity for improvement. Hotel staff are friendly and very helpful. They accommodate requests of the guests to the extent possible. Overall nice!!
bubble_40	Excellent location close to Wall Street, good facilities, including a comfortable common room with coffee and other amenities. Effective, if a bit aloof, staff. Acceptable restaurant. Breakfast could definitely be better.
bubble_50	This was my second stay at Club Quarters Wall Street for a business trip to NYC.  The hotel is easy to check in to and navigate.  The rooms are very modern, clean, and have plenty to satisfy the tech obsessed.  Each floor has a community closet for extra items such as soap, irons, and ironing boards as well as on demand water stations.  This is a great hotel for business travel.
bubble_50	Room was clean and comfortable.  The pillows were the most comfortable pillows I've ever laid my head on.  The front desk staff was friendly, accommodating and professional.  The on-site Bailey restaurant was clean, the food was delicious, the atmosphere was inviting.  Subway stations were near-by within walking distance.
bubble_20	Upon arrival I was greeted warmly and efficiently.  When entering my room I discovered there is no chain on the door.  As a solo female business traveler in New York this made me feel very unsafe.  Overall, the room size was fine, there was good lighting, and I enjoyed being able to use the Smart TV to watch Netflix and check my Facebook.  However, the Wifi did not work!  After two nights and the staff being unable to get the Wifi in my room I went home to a mountain of work that I was not able to get done while there.  I enjoy a firm mattress but this one seemed to be just a mattress on a slab of concrete with scratchy sheets.  The water pressure and water temperature were subpar, view of the brick building next door depressing, and someone did a sloppy job painting the
bubble_30	While the location is convenient, the facility needs an update.  When we arrived, there was no toilet paper in the bathroom, no kleenex, and the bath towels were tattered.  The televisions in all 3 rooms were problematic, needing the maintenance personnel to come in and turn the tvs on/off, change channels, etc.
bubble_30	You wouldnt come here for luxury, fancy design or whimsy extras. But it has nearly everything a [business] traveller needs for an ordinary comfortable stay. The hotel has excellent location right next to Wall Street and offers good value for the area, especially for the relatively lengthy stay like mine.  Front desk staff was welcoming, patient with minor delays I had at check-in and extremely helpful with few follow-up issues.  Theres no solemn process of accompanying guests to their rooms; arrival is simple and DIY. For the rapid NYC life, the elevators (room key operated, so have it ready before you enter the lift) are slow. It would often take long minutes to wait for any of the three to come.  The room, as compared to some other NYC hotels, was reasonably spacious (my
bubble_20	Staff was nice, bed was hard, bathrooms were outdated.  No onsite parking nor valet.  Parking garage was about 2 blocks away and it was pouring down when we checked in, so that walk sucked.  Ended up having to catch an Uber due to weather to the parking deck since hotel didn't offer any shuttle.  Only reason we stayed here was the price on Priceline.com but you get what you pay for, I guess.
bubble_40	Hotel is very nice and clean the staffs is very helpful and they know the area I love it when I ask them for directions. Also, train station are very convenient and close the hotel is located near the NYC stock exchange and the federal museum. Time square is only few stop away in the train you can beat that for the price.
bubble_40	We already booked a hotel in New York so my husband and I just decided to stay here because we arrived at midnight. The front desk was very friendly and energetic even when we checked in at 2:30am! The hotel is fairly new (I guess compared to other CQ hotels) The room is very well-lit. The mood of the hotel is nice and warm.  There's a lobby with free coffee,milk, juice and water. There's tv and computers for the guests to use. It was never packed when we stayed there so it was a good place to relax.
bubble_50	From the moment we walked in the hotel and met Anthony at the front desk we felt welcome.  He was so friendly and pleasant and was extremely helpful with directions and questions we had about sites and restaurants.  He is a definite keeper at the hotel.  The other front desk employees were also helpful but we dealt with Anthony most of the time.  Room service was exceptional along with the maid service.  In their lobby there is a free coffee machine 24hrs along with fruit, soda pop,newspapers and a computer.  There are maps at the front desk and Anthony was always there to help us out with that. They have a laundry room which is also free and a great workout room.  Bailey's Brasserie is the restaurant/bar in the hotel with excellent food and cocktails.  The workers in there were
bubble_50	Excellent location in the heart of Wall Street. 5-minute walk to metro entrance, and 10-minute away from Battery Park. Rooms are quite spacious by New York standards. The lounge in the lobby offers free snacks and coffee, and there are bottle stations offering bottled water on the floors.
bubble_40	This location is perfect with a subway entrance at the end of the block. The staff is friendly and helpful. Love the water bottle stations on each floor. Bed is very comfortable. High ceilings in the rooms make the rooms feel more spacious.
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great location for exploring downtown Manhattan and getting to the Statue of Liberty.  Also offers great service.  Its in a quiet location very close to the subway (underground). Good pub near by for evening meal - Jim Brady's 75 Maiden Lane.
bubble_50	Loved this hotel loved the view and how the room was laid out very quiet at nite considering we were in the city that never sleeps plan to return again and will defo  stay here again. 24 hr supermarket rite across the road and close to wall street bull and 5 min walk from staten island ferry
bubble_30	This is ok for the price, a little tired and not that large rooms, service OK but not the extra mile by a long shot . It does not seem worth paying for a 'Kitchenette' as basically I think this is a Plate, a knife and folk and a microwave (assuming standard rooms have a Fridge)  and possibly a Extra sink.    Now as I say the price is the thing here and it is much cheaper  than you would pay in London or Paris for the location and space . However I would not return because of the Lift situation ,it appears that they do not have a service lift ,every time you call it the staff are using it for groups Baggage ,cleaning trolley's or just the staff moving about ,it becomes hugely frustrating ,even when you finally get in the lift it goes Up and down in fairly Radom manner and stops
bubble_30	Good basic place to stay when in need of a room in lower Manhattan /  Financial District. Room was comparatively spacious, clean, equipped with all conveniences including a good desk (to do some work) and an in-room kitchenette with coffee machine. The bathroom felt a bit dated, but was clean. Staff was very friendly and helpful, making requests easy and fast. Internet was working smooth without any difficult steps to get online. Downside was that the room was a bit noisy: the refrigerator in the kitchenette made lots of loud noises when doing its cooling cycle and the connecting door to the adjacent room made it very easy to literally hear my neighbor talk and move around -- I'm sure he/she was able to hear my television and me talk on the phone as well.
bubble_40	Stayed here for three nights while on business in NYC. Amenities are perfect for this type of trip and would suit many for holiday travel too. Fitness centre was well equipped and well maintained - all the machines were working, which is unusual for hotel gyms!  Plenty of food options near by and free water fountain on each floor was a really nice touch.  Room was well equipped and quiet, even right by the lift. Bathroom was small and basic but clean and functional. I've stayed in more glamorous hotels but would definitely recommend this hotel as one that gets the basics right and doesn't ask you to pay for things you don't need.
bubble_30	I'm a big fan of Club Quarters and have stayed with them numerous times. However on this occasion I must say I felt the Wall Street location was feeling in need of some TLC. Nothing too major, but my room had a cracked basin, and some wiring hanging down behind the curtains. A/C was very noisy, but worked well. It was also a little dusty on the side by the bed, but bathroom was spotless.  Location is great though and above all little outside noise at night which is a real premium in NY.  The additional cost for having a partner stay does not sit well with me - hard to justify on a room only basis - so do take this into account when comparing prices.
bubble_40	Our visit to Club Quarters was very nice.  Our club room meet our expectations and the bed was very comfy.  The location turned out to be great as the subway station was nearby along with some interesting historical landmarks.  We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	So are you in NY for the room or for all NY has to offer outside the room?  I found this hotel near Rockefeller Center and Times Square to be in a perfect location. There is at least one other by the same name so be careful you're booking in the location you prefer. Radio City Music Hall is also across the street and the theater district is also close. There is a convenience store and pharmacy right outside the front door to the right within 500 feet and Teresa's pizza right next door for a late snack (although not open on the Saturday we were there). Restaurant and bar on 7th floor -- did not visit there, but certainly convenient if you want to dine without leaving the building.  Our room was small but there were others more spacious for more per night. Queen bed better than
bubble_40	270 dollars upfront in case we wrecked the room???? & days later and still waiting for this to come back on to our card. How,ever a decent size room and clean. Arrived and given a club room and we had booked a twin. Pay the difference and get back from agent. So more money out of our holiday spends. Otherwise o.k
bubble_40	I stayed in this hotel on may 2017 and this hotel was part of the hosts raccommended list. The location was very appropriate for the seminar I was participating. In the neighborhood you can see NYSE, One World Onservatory (be prepared to wait in line quite long time), 9/11 memorial, the charging bull etc. But  as soon as the offices close there is quiet and empty streets everywhere.. the metro station is nearby and you can go see other attractions. The hotel itself is cosy. A nice touch is the complimentary filtered and chilled water distributors in each floor, also ironing tools. The bed was really comfortable and they provide sleeping kit and pillow menu. But I was surprised there was no safe in the room so my valuables and passport were always with me. Not very comfortable to
bubble_50	We checked in on our stop over to ocean city and was perfect. Location right off Wall Street makes it a great central location to go see the city. We only had one night here and really enjoyed it. On the 20th floor get a great view of New York skyline.
bubble_10	Stay away from the Club Quarters Wall Street. There is no such thing here as customer service. After an all night red-eye flight, I arrived at the hotel to find out my reservation had been cancelled by the property even though my company had paid for the room the night prior. The front desk agent took NO responsibility. She did not apologize for the inconvenience. She did not offer to help correct the problem. She stated it was "my fault" since I didn't call the night before to say I was coming in the morning. On top of that, she said the hotel is sold out tonight and there is nothing she can do to help me so I am stranded in NYC with no hotel room. This kind of lack of training to me reflects the entire hotel. The property should be ashamed to have hired someone so lacking in
bubble_50	My family enjoyed a memorable stay at club quarters wallstreet. I booked on priceline so I was skeptical. However the hotel turned out great. We had 2 suites that were clean and spacious. My only complaint is that the sofabeds are very wornout. The location of the hotel was good with the subway around the corner. They also have an awesome coffee machine for free. We had a lot of questions but the desk staff answered all of them. They were so kind and accommodating. Special thanks to Iris, Sierra, Leondro and Anthony u guys are all amazing. We would love to stay here again.
bubble_50	I had a delightful stay at this hotel. My super late arrival was made quick and easy by the charming night manager Ley. I had a small but fully equipped room on the 20th floor. Club quarters surprisingly provides alot of practical amenities. Their free bottled water, fruit and granola bars were a nice touch. Only 2 blocks south from my job makes it a superb choice.
bubble_40	If you are going to Wall St area for work or pleasure, this hotel is very nice.  It is a bit older yet they keep it up nicely.  The location alone is wonderful.  It has a fab pub adjacent to the hotel that has Wall St theme and is lovely.   We were here for a business meeting and the area has some great little pubs, and eateries as well.
bubble_30	This would be an adequate 3-star hotel, but does not make it as a 4-star property.   I liked that they have free-standing computers to check-in and check-out instead of having to approach the front desk. I also liked that they have water filtration systems on each floor since I tend to bring a refillable bottle with me everywhere. They also have a hall closet where you can pick up extra blankets and such as needed. The room also had a microwave and mini-fridge. I liked the self-service aspects of the hotel.   The room itself was not huge. I did not like that the TV was not in front of the bed. The closet was a thin cubby with no door. The bathroom was pretty basic. There was visible wear and tear on the desk and chair. The walls are pretty thin. I was sitting in the bathroom
bubble_40	This is a very modern, well run hotel.  The self serve coffee service and chilled water were a very nice touch . The rooms were cozy and had some nice touches such as books to read.  The staff was friendly.  The location was almost right on Wall Street.
bubble_50	Really good stay at the club quarters. My check in was quick and easy. The hotel is efficient and provided me with a comfortable spacious room. Staff member Ley informed me of the many valuable freebies the hotel provides from the fast wifi to their continental breakfast. The restaurant connected to the hotel is acceptable with a good happy hour. In summary the hotel met my immediate needs for a good price.
bubble_30	We chose this hotel mainly for its proximity to Ground Zero as a tour of this was the only reason we were in NYC. For this reason, the location was very convenient, about a 10 minute walk. However, the hotel is in an old building and I would think needs some modernising. The room was OK, bed quite small and dark, with no safe, but the TV and free wifi was good. The staff were helpful and polite. The best feature of the hotel was The Bailey pub and restaurant. This part of the building had been updated and the food and staff therein were excellent.
bubble_50	My stay was awesome. The bottled water service met my needs, free wifi with good speed and the staff always gave me service with a smile. I'd like to thank Iris for the great directions and phenominal pho restaurant. The place doesnt look to pleasing but trust the food quality is and flavor is awesome. I will definitely be back and recommend others looking for a great value and freindly staff.
bubble_20	We stayed at this hotel because we came to see the Statue of Liberty and it is within walking distance of Battery Park. For the rate charged I was so disappointed that the room was very small. There was no refrigerator or even an ice bucket. But the biggest disappointment was when we opened the curtains and looked out at a large, ugly cooling tower right outside our window. We kept the curtains closed which made it seem like we were in a cave. The room was fairly clean and functional but not at all enjoyable.
bubble_30	Room size was decent for New York, but aside from that, the room is sad, with dark and uninspired furniture. NO minibar, NO safe deposit box, NO support to put your suitcase on. The bathroom is super basic, with archaic design. All-in-all, really a hotel to sleep but not spend any additional time in the room. Breakfast was included but looking at produce quality, I preferred to go to one of the many local cafs. I didn't use it but there is a nicely equipped gym on the second floor. New York's hotels are notoriously expensive, but I'm sure you can find better value for money elsewhere.
bubble_50	We've stayed here twice.  Once for our daughter's wedding a year ago and again last week to visit daughter and son-in-law.  Until they get a larger apartment (2050?)  we will definitely stay at the Club Quarters.
bubble_30	Spent two nights here for a brief visit to NYC.  Hotel is in a great location downtown, with a subway and wall street round the corner  and world trade plaza a quick stroll away.  Staff were very helpful, and the room was well equipped with amenities - including a nespresso-style machine and Netflix ready smart TV.  Only gripe really gripe really was the noise of the room (515) window looked out over rooftops and very noisy aircon/heating vents so was very loud, and in-room fridge sounded like it wanted to take off!  That aside, pretty good value stay...
bubble_40	We were ther for a night on business. The location was great. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and comfortable. The bedroom was seperate from the living space which I liked. The free water bottles on each floor were a nice touch. The restaurant next to the hotel was convenient and tasty. The lobby was cozy with free coffee/tea and snacks.  Would go back!
bubble_30	Wanted to explore the Wall Street area on our last trip to New York so this hotel was great for that. It was a nice hotel for business travelers. The rooms are small but adequate for a couple and had good amenities. BUT the bed was suppose to be a queen size but was far from it. I had a tape measure and it was a standard double bed. My husband and I sleep on a king size at home so we spent a very unfortable night. They need to be mire truthful about this. There is a very nice pub off the lobby.
bubble_50	Spacious rooms, great service, good coffee, and helpful staff! In addition, the wall street branch has less tourists and more business people meaning a more "chill" crowd. Furthermore it is very accessible to the subway and has a 24 hour grocery nearby making it a very ideal place to stay for first time new york visitors.
bubble_40	Its convenient if you have things to do and see downtown. Very nice staff. Rooms are well fitted. Comfy bed. Nice tv. Free very high speed wi-fi that is consistently on. Purified and chilled water dispensers on every floor with new bottles. Restaurant /pub downstairs does room service - food was excellent. Will stay here again.
bubble_40	Rooms are spacious and comfortable. A little unusual -- very "self-service" oriented: you can fill your own water bottles, pick up ironing-board and irons from the "service closet" (on each floor). Excellent location for working on Wall Street, or around downtown. Walking distance to most subways (2,3, and Fulton Street). Great fitness facilities. Unfortunately, not too many restaurants downtown.
bubble_50	I loved the free coffee OMG!  The hotel is great and the front desk staff are friendly and helpful. A special thank you to Iris and Ciara for the great breakfast tips and directions to the TKTS booth my family and I had an amazing time. We will most definitely be back!
bubble_30	Located in the heart of the business district, plenty of bars and restaurants around good access to Metro. Rooms small and with zero character, limited amenities, needs renovation. It kinda feels not clean.
bubble_50	Most friendly and helpful front desk staff ever. Grab a map and front desk does not hesitate in giving directions. My family and i were able to check in early and get our vacation started. Our heat wasnt working the first night but Ley and Dhundup was fast and effecient in getting the houseman to resolve issue right away. Also thanks to Dwayne, Ciara, Anthony and Iris for all there help throughout our stay even the littest thing as knowing our name!
bubble_40	This small Hotel is very near Wall Street ..and just feet away from the Train Station. The lobby is small but the staff is awesome. The offer free coffee and bottles of water at every floor.  Also walking distance from the 911 Memorial what makes it very good for tourists visiting NY. We had a great time. ITs not a 5 star hotel but they will make you feel at home. Plenty of restaurants and places to eat around. I would definitely come back here next time I visit NY City.
bubble_30	Club Quarters does the job if you need a quiet hotel next to your office (or where you are visiting in lower Manhattan).  It's close to virtually everything in the financial district.   There isn't anything luxurious about it and anyone who knows New York knows not to stay in lower manhattan on the weekend.  I arrive on a Saturday evening for a week of work and found the area so depressing, it was like a ghost town.  The rooms are big by New York standards - room for chair, microwave, fridge, desk and wardrobe.  They have just updated their TV system which is pretty good - although I couldn't get the mirroring to work on my ipad to the TV.  Might be because I am based out of the US.   Bathrooms are average, but I've had worse in NY.  Things like ironing board and iron need to be
bubble_50	My family stayed in this hotel in the suite and was surprised how spacious and clean the room was. Location was perfect as it was close to a lot of tourists spots, restaurants and is easily accessible by train. Wifi in our room was fast and kids loved that they were able to play games on the TV. Hotel has  a cold water dispenser with  bottles provided to quench your thirst as you walk around the city. The warm and friendly staff was accommodating with our needs, Anthony, Iris and Ciara you were extremely helpful in finding our way around the big city and recommending good restaurants around the vicinity.   Check out was fast. We will definitely come back again!
bubble_50	Very good location!! The room was very spacious and clean.  The kids enjoyed playing the games on tv and didn't want to leave the hotel.  Anthony, the guy at the front desk, was very accommodating.  He gave us directions to nearby attractions, nearby restaurants and bars!  Will definitely come back!
bubble_40	The room was small but clean and comfortable.  Location was great...in a quiet area.  It was nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of Mid-Town.  I would definitely stay here again. Got a great deal through Hotwire
bubble_50	This was a great weekend get away. Rooms were small but comfy. Hotel was clean and well kept. No breakfast, but they have hotel onsite. (We didn't try it).Right by FIDI. Walking distance to Statues of Liberty and 9-11memorial. Parking within walking distance. (Use SpotHero for discounts). Restaurants all around. And really easy access to midtown and uptown. Subway station was right outside of the hotel.  (Get the NYC pass if you are going to do the tourist stuff. Worth the money for all the savings).
bubble_50	I visit NYC once a month for a weeks worth of work and have tried out many hotels over the last year--but my experimenting is over. Club Quarters is a gem. I mentioned to lobby staff that a desk lightbulb was out and by the time I came back from getting a latte it was replaced. My luggage and laundry were quickly delivered to my room and housekeeping is always doing a expert job. Staff are helpful with tips on where to dine and good humored. The only thing that could move the needle from 98% to 100% perfect would be the addition of a few premium channels for commercial-free viewing. I will be booking in here monthly and be very, very happy.
bubble_50	My wife and I had a great time in New York City . The big apple  and I couldn't be more thankful for the advice from the front desk Iris, Ciara, and Leandro who helped  us find all the cool spots to visit on my vacation and were so friendly and nice. They helped us find various tourist locations and train stations and great yummy food locations.
bubble_10	I got here at 1 PM and its 3:45 and I haven't been checked into the room yet!!!   I know 3 PM is check in but it's 45 minutes past that now and still I am not in my room!  The front desk has been totally unresponsive, I keep going up and checking and they get on a walkie-talkie with someone and then tell me we will get back to you!  I have stayed at many Club Quarters over the last 15 years and this has been the one really bad experience!  They should be comping the room to me tonite!  I am quite sure they will expect tips for the luggage and so forth!
bubble_20	What is it about people and a policy vs. and maximising the ability to really wow and win customers... hotels.com do this for me every time I make a mistake (3 so far, rushing things!) - non refundable, can't change, move or breathe booking conditions Hotels.com make it happen. Well done hotels.com  Not the experience I have had with Rocketmiles or Club Quarters - now on the 'never use' again list!  I booked the Wall St Club Quarters not the mid town Club Quarters for a colleague its 20 minutes further away. They 'cant' move it, as it is non refundable, this means non refundable  - I don't want a refund but the policy says, no changes whatsoever to this booking, even if it is to the same hotel chain and a cheaper one at that!
bubble_30	We wanted to book at Club Quarter near Rockefeller but made a mistake and booked at Wall St instead. It turned out Wall St is better than the one in Rockefeller simply because its less crowded and CQ Wall St is near Century 21 (haven of affordable branded things)! In terms of location CQ Wall St is good. It's walking distance to subway station, food trucks, Starbucks, Dunkin Donut, Wallgreens etc. Amenities are also good. We especially love their overflowing coffee, fresh fruits, cereals, nuts, water, and granola bars. They have a lounge with tv and computer for guests to use. The room is clean and decent place to sleep design is modern. Restroom is ok big enough but it is the typical shower over bath tub. They provide toiletries but not toothbrush. There is a taxi
bubble_40	1st time I used Priceline to get a room. Very happy with the hotel, price, and helpful hotel employees.  I visit my niece in Brooklyn around 3 times a year.  Usually stay at a chain in Long Island City. From  Past reviews l felt it was ok to call and request a fridge in the room on an opaque reservation. Did call about a week ahead. I did get the fridge and microwave, which wasn't needed, but nice. Unsure if they upgraded the room, was bigger than I expected.  Many rooms in NYC have just had enough room to get around the bed. Employees were very nice each time I saw them. Never saw snacks downstairs,  but probably had been scarfed down as soon as they were put out. I travel non rev and pack light. Was grateful to be able to wash my clothes for free in the laundry room in the
bubble_50	I had a great time at this location of club quarters hotel. Their customer service is impeccable and made me feel like I was at home. I want to thank Ciara for the great service she provided to me and the extensive knowledge of the area. She made my stayed even more enjoyable thank you so much.
bubble_30	Great location if you have business near Wall Street, but the rooms are small (think cruise ship quarters).  But clean and fine with good free WiFi and amenities.  Pick a room as high up as you can, to get away from late night street noise (trucks, sirens etc.)
bubble_50	Gracious hospitality at the front desk (Dmundup and Maria), with a personal touch to all interactions.  The room was spotless and in like-new condition.  Parking is in a nearby lot (no valet), be careful figuring out which one offers validation; ask as you enter the lot. All in all, a great experience.  If you want to be in the financial district for the 9/11 memorial or anything else, great location.  Subway is 2 blocks away for downtown or Brooklyn, or you can transfer.  Super easy.
bubble_40	I'm from Kentucky. It was my first trip going to New York City in Manhattan. Perfect location for that area. Hotel was very very nice for the price. Great service. Don't park on the side of the street while checking in. I got a ticket. Cheap but nice parking garage up the street 2 or 3 blocks on the right.
bubble_30	Mediocre accommodation, however the price (below average for manhattan) makes it acceptable for a quick visit. Rooms are small and old, mattress is thin and squeaky. Nonetheless service is good and staff is friendly.  Bottom line, acceptable for a quick trip to NYC if you don't plan on spending lots of time in the room.
bubble_40	Hotel is a little dated but clean. Great location. But the most outstanding part of this was the night Front Desk Anthony. Outstanding service. Our company messed up our reservation and he instructed us on what was needed to have the reservation fixed. This guy never lost his cool, was calm and collected and never lost his excellent customer service skills. Here in NYC is hard to find quality customer service like this and thos hotel lucked out with him. The hotel has crew lounge, free wifi, bottle filling stations and its in the heart of the financial district. Very conveniently located. Yes the rooms are on the smaller side but its a comfortable place
bubble_40	Was on a business trip and stayed for 20 nights. The hotel has the best location, staff is friendly. Coffee lounge is best. food seemed average, but there are various other options close-by. rooms are well furnished and comfortable if you are not planning to stay indoors a lot during the stay. The bathroom was small but nevertheless suited my requirement.
bubble_50	Stayed here for the NYC Half Marathon.  Location was great and walking distance from finish line.  The subway is only block away.  Hotel was comfortable, room was small and had no fridge or microwave but it was fine for single night stay. Staff was helpful and attentive.  Would stay here again.
bubble_40	This is a great place.  The rooms are really comfortable and both well and modern furnished.  The staff were attentive and there is a coffee lounge on the ground floor which is free to guests.  However the bar restaurant attached to the hotel should probably be a last resort.  The food was average and the service poor.
bubble_50	Needed a Wall Street area hotel close to Pier 11 ferry. Club Quarters was perfect. Excellent, professional and friendly staff. Comfortable bed and nice-sized room (I booked a Queen room online). Smallish bathroom but fine for my needs, easy-to-operate shower, and good quality soaps and hair products. very good value for the cost; lower Manhattan is MUCH more affordable than Midtown. Pretty much all of Lower is easily walkable and Club Quarters is the best place to walk to and from. Oh, and the onsite Baily Pub and Brasserie offers great pub fare - several cuts above the usual, decent prices and a very good set of NYC craft beers on tap.  Do check it out!
bubble_30	I am staying in my room- right now. This is the upgrade that I made because the first room (superior room) had so many little things wrong with it. The bathroom had  mildew on the floor and rust on the shelf behind the toilet there was paint and plaster peeling from the wall. The bed actually tilted  when my cousin sat on it, meaning the mattress and box spring lift it up from one side of the bed. She's fat, but not an elephant. I've Never seen a bed do this In the dozens of area hotels we've been in.  In general it just was not going to be comfortable. So I said I would pay extra to upgrade to a suite.   Now I am in the suite and there is what appears to be a used condom on the wall under the sink. The pull-out couch is  RIDICULOUSLY uncomfortable. I could literally push the
bubble_40	This hotel is warm, modern, inviting and staffed by friendly characters who are happy to see new guests.   Possibly not the best location in New York but they definitely make up for it!  Rooms are well decorated and well presented. I especially loved the common areas and the "fill a water bottle" feature - where you could fill a water bottle with filtered water (provided) and take it with you. Fantastic idea !  A very enjoyable stay:)
bubble_50	I was pleasantly surprised when we checked in. It was quick with a smile. I had a bag delivered before we arrived and they had it stored safely. We upgrade to a single bed suite for $20 and boy was I glad. Lots of space to spread our bags. Toiletries were good. The only issue was noisy aircon. Get a room above 5/6 th floor to get a good nights sleep no traffic noises.  The lobby has coffee tea and fruit. Can print boarding passes etc'.  The Bailey is attached to CQ and is vibrant with all the Wall Street crowd. Great cocktails and also has dining options.  The best part was we had access to the QC at WTC and the rooftop bar was spectacular to have a drink looking over the WCT memorial and the new tower. Great service with a smile here too.  I will surely stay there again. The
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. My work duties are two blocks away and it's a busy area. I had a comfortable  room and bed with free wifi and a kerig coffee machine. The staff members I encountered iris, ciara, christina and ley were tremendous. Always smiling and offering help. They made things easier for me throughout my stay. I will surely make a return trip to this hotel.
bubble_50	The hotel have a quite convenient location in Wall Street. It has a modern and nice design. The lobby is well enjoyable and the Bailey's restaurant straight close to hotel is just great to have a nice dinner without being forced to travel out.
bubble_40	Stayed here 3 nights in March.  Staff is attentive and addresses requests quickly.  This was our first time in a CQ property, and we will book again.   The rooms are average to above average for a NYC hotel.  The lounge is a nice perk, with the coffee going all day long.   The shopping service is the best deal around, with a 6-pack of Blue Moon only $15, delivered to your room.  They have a closet on every floor with all of the stuff you would usually need to call to get: extra sheets, towels, iron, etc.  This was great and saved so much time.  They also have "water stations" all over the hotel.  You can grab a bottle and refill all you want for the week.  So, between the coffee and the water, you probably save $15-20 a day on stops at starbucks and duane reed.   The location is
bubble_50	This is my 5th stay at this hotel and I have enjoyed my stay every time. The hotel has a perfect location with a modern vibe. I always try to upgrade to a suite for a cool $40 extra. They also offer free bottled water which rocks. The hotel staff is really friendly and the night clerk Leandrow is always helpful. I always recommend this hotel to my friends who visit New York.
bubble_20	My family of four were placed in a room with two twin beds. The room was so small we couldn't get around without stepping over our suitcases.  The staff was nice but didn't solve our problem. It's easily the worst experience I've ever had at a four star hotel. I didn't sleep at all and we're here two more nights.  Booking online didn't give me an option of number of guests but I've always been accommodated in four or five star hotels in the past.   Rodney
bubble_30	The staff is really nice and its in a great location near the subways which will take you to times square or brooklyn. You have to request a refrigerator prior to your arrival (I suggest calling).   What I didn't like about the hotel was the location of my room.  I was on the 3rd floor so you can hear everything from the morning delivery trucks and cars honking their horns to the noise of the ice machine.   You can hear a slight rumble of the subway but it was the least of my problems.  I eventually ran out of hot water to shower and when I went to the front desk, i was informed that the water pressure was low so I had to turn on the hot water in the sink while showering so the water can stay hot (BTW the water never gets HOT).  Will I return?... only if i was promised a room on
bubble_50	It's worthy to book, and it's on the Wall Street, you can go around to visit the finicial circlr and battery park is near by, so it's convenient to go to see the Statue of Liberty. In all, it's an excellent hoteliers.
bubble_50	Great value! In the heart of the Financial District this hotel is quite nice for the price. My room was very comfortable with modern decor. My view was an office building but it is Wall Street. Staff was very friendly and the on-site restaurant, Bailey's, is excellent though there were other options nearby, I ate there most of the time. Appreciate the 24/7 fitness centre and the posh living room area.
bubble_50	I enjoyed a second stay at the Club Quarters Hotel near Wall Street. The staff is friendly, the rooms have everything one needs and the gym and  living area are great spots to work out or catch up on the news and grab a snack or coffee.  Will go back soon.
bubble_40	So I've been toNYC many times but I've never stayed on Wall st, It's a great neighbourhood to be in, close to South Street Seaport & World  Trade centre. The Club Quarters delivers bang for your buck,  Firstly great location ( the subway is at the end of the block) Good food closeby & many things in walking  distance. The hotel itself is clean, modern with a comfy bed in a decent size room, a nice lounge to relax in & most importantly consistent wifi. It's well priced , the front desk is friendly and helpful....you can't go wrong & if you're a regular visitor to NYC it's a good place to rest your weary bones. I will be a return customer as long as they don't hike up the price
bubble_30	Stayed here for 3 nights and although the hotel has an excellent location, the quality of rooms is at best average. Very small rooms with cramped bathrooms.  I stayed in the 4th floor with a window on the William street and it gets very noisy from 5 in the morning due to garbage trucks etc. The windows don't seem to be able to keep the noise out and all 3 days I woke up at 4.30 - 5 am due to outside noises. Try to get upper floors where the noise is less.  The lounge area at the lobby level which provides some fruits and tea - coffee. A good idea and works if you have an early start.  The staff were courteous, efficient and attentive during checkin and checkout.  Overall If you book in advance you can get value for money but this is a no frills hotel. Feels a bit old and is
bubble_50	Visited NYC for a week for the first time with the boyfriend and our stay here at Club Quarters made our trip even better. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Check-in was a breeze. I really appreciated that they were able to store our luggage even after we had to checkout. Our flight wasn't until evening so that allowed us to explore the city a little more without having to carry around our bags. I also really enjoyed the hotel's living room that has complimentary drinks and snacks.    As for the room itself, we got the Club Room, which came with a full-sized bed and basic essentials like a mini-fridge and microwave. Everything was clean, as well. We never experienced any problems with anything in the room while we were there.   The location of this hotel is very
bubble_40	The Hotel is very well located. The room was very comfortable. My room was short of furniture, since we came with a lot of luggage. When I informed this situation to the responsible officers, they came immediately with a solution to the problem. Very convenient coffe machine in the room!
bubble_40	Good service, ok wifi, nice room with no sound problem (hearing other rooms), but best of all GREAT location! Funny to look out of the window and not be able to se either the sky or the ground, just the next building!
bubble_50	I was steered to this hotel reservation by a colleague and was grateful. The location on Wall Street was perfect and my check in  process with Dhundup was fast and informative. The bottled water and other freebies at the hotel were a godsend. I was jet lagged so I spend many late hours talking to Ley the night clerk. He was very pleasant man. When I return home I will inform my company of this gem of a hotel. So that I may return soon.
bubble_10	I reserved a room here via Hotwire. The Financial District is pretty far from many of the sites you'll want to see, but there are generally bargains on the weekend since it's quiet in this part of the city weekends. This hotel is in a good location for exploring lower Manhattan and it's in decent if not luxurious shape overall, but based on my experience and other reviews I saw they have a real problem with the heating and cooling system.  When I walked into my room it was steaming hot. The thermostat said 80 degrees! I couldn't turn it down, it just kept defaulting to 80. And the window was sealed shut. I was exhausted after a long day of walking and just wanted to sleep. I called Maria at the front desk and she said she would send someone right up to fix it. I waited...and
bubble_40	This hotel is close to public transportation, the staff was very helpful. While the bathroom is tiny, the room was comfortable and quite. Places to eat and tourists attraction are nearby. I would certainly recommend this place!
bubble_20	I fist was given a frigid room on a very, very cold day. The second room had: no shower rubber mat, no fridge, no microwave and cold water for a shower. I did call to try and resolve the situation and not much happened...
bubble_50	I've stayed here twice and will definitely stay here again.  I like staying in the financial district because it is away from the hustle and bustle but near enough to the subway lines to get where you need to go. Quiet neighborhood, clean, quiet hotel, nice rooms, friendly staff and great price. There's no reason to stay anywhere else.
bubble_30	I had a courner room on the 3rd floor (fitness floor).  Not sure what to expect.  Quite in relationship to the floor noise, woken up a couple times due to street noise. I'd stay there again.  Not bad, not over the top, but comfortable bed, and adequate for what I needed.
bubble_40	Good value for the price. Excellent location. We were given a complimentary room upgrade which had a great view. Overall good service. Very nice that they have a water bottle service on each floor. Down side is there was no safe in the room, which made us feel uncomfortable to leave our laptops and electronics. Also the key card system seems very antiquated. Our key cards almost never worked to the room. Several times we had to get them reactivated.
bubble_50	i visit this hotel before with my family but this time I came with my father.. we enjoy every little thing that they offer like the snacks, coffee machine amazing...it makes cappuccinos, lattes and other. we went to the desk to ask for direction to the Bailys restaurant and Maria was very helpful in directing us, but my father had choose a restaurant called Trinity Pl. with mentioned this to Maria, but Lee the Bailys manager was there and she was very friendly and helpful she directed us there as this restaurant is part of their company too. Thank you Lee, the dessert was delicious and we had a great time.
bubble_50	I stayed here January 7th through 11th.  It was near all the venues I needed to go to for historic events, etc.--Federal Hall, Trinity Church, Fraunces Tavern, the Oculus, Wall Street, Museum of American Finance, Down Town Association, the Atrium...Free use of two computers (unlike some chain hotels which require credit cards to use their computers), free snacks and coffee in lounge area, big screen TV.  Very helpful staff.  Very nice restaurant for breakfast, lunch, and dinner--good variety in its menu. Comfortable room--nice amenities in room including a Keurig, skirt hangers, an extra blanket.  Very reasonable price.  Will absolutely stay there again next time I am in NYC.
bubble_40	We stayed for 2 nights with a groupon deal.  We had a one room suite and our daughter and son in law had a standard room.  Both were very clean and larger than expected. The bedroom and living area in the suite are separated by a half wall, so there is some privacy if you have someone sleeping on the pull out sofa (our daughter).   It was also very quiet (we were on the 6th floor).  We arrived around 1pm and were able to check in early as our rooms were ready-a very nice surprise!  complimentary bottled water on every floor and coffee maker in the lobby that made espresso, lattes and cappuccino's was great too.   The staff was very friendly and accommodating and we were able to leave our bags securely at the hotel after we checked out so we could tour the 9/11 museum (which is a
bubble_50	Great hotel, clean, spacious, with free GYM access and WIFI. Great staff as well. Best value for your budget. Will definitely stay here again. Financial District is naturally a little bit isolated, but it only takes 15 minutes from midtown, so that's acceptable.
bubble_50	I would propose my friends to stay when coming to New York .Good conditions for staying and to feel comfortable all the time! Location of this hotel is close to all subjects for sightseeing with ground traffic.
bubble_40	I just stood at CQ a couple of weeks ago. A true gem in NYC. It is clean, nice rooms, great extra amenities most hotel extra for (ex: free Wifi) & close to #2 Train (right around the corner) which makes it a convenient location to access transportation. I enjoyed my stay and would highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure.
bubble_40	I stayed at CQ at World Trade Center before.  This location is a bit tired compared to WTC location, but otherwise I am happy with the service.  I like the water dispenser which provides free water bottles.
bubble_40	This is a fine hotel, with a great location and a price to match. The rooms are nice, adequately sized, comfortable bed, good bathroom and TV. Ours had a fridge. You can get water bottles from the halls.  Its located right in the middle of the financial district which is quiet at night - but also close to subways that take you uptown within 10-15 min.  The hotel does not have it's own restaurant but lives adjacent to a bar/restaurant with a connecting door, that serves good american food for descent money.  All in all a good experience.
bubble_50	This hotel was absolutely perfect for my recent 10 day trip. Staff were friendly, rooms were very clean, beds and pillows very comfortable, coffee machine in room and snacks and coffee in the lounge. I stayed on the 7th floor and had no problems with noise even with being next door to the guest closet. Right next to the 2/3 lines and within walking distance of everything in the Financial District. An extremely enjoyable experience and I will be back.
bubble_50	This hotel is a quiet, small, and quaint hotel in the heart of the Financial District. It's around the corner from the Stock Exchange and walking distance to 9/11 memorial and Battery Park for Statue of Liberty tours. The subway going uptown is on the corner and we were at the Empire State Building 5 stops later. The neighborhood is full of great bars and restaurants for a drink after a long day. I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	It was my first time in this hotel and I really had a great time, I didn't spend a lot of time on it but I liked it and si my friend. We were excited about everything and it is too close to the places we needed to go. The staff members very nice and kind! Congrats!
bubble_50	Excellent location. Stayed here for 5 nights. We really enjoyed the very spacious suites with our family, excellent cleaned rooms every day. Free wifi and coffees. Subway station and grocerie store only 50mtrs away, perfect! One remark though. We booked through booking.com and the hotel never responded to our request to have 2 rooms at the same floor (as a family).
bubble_40	excellent staff. would stay again. The location is very good and close to transit. The train station is right next door. Good food nearby. Financier is a coffee shop very close to the hotel. Very close to the wall street and the trump towers
bubble_30	I felt this hotel was average at best.  Rooms not big and could use an update, but it was clean and has a pretty good location in the Financial District.  The walls must be quite thin as we could clearly hear the people in the adjoining rooms.  Make sure the elevators work as 2 of the 3 lifts were out of order and you had to wait a long time to get on the one left.  People, including ourselves, eventually had to get on an up elevator in order to ensure a spot on the elevator when it went down, a tremendous inconvenience.
bubble_50	This hotel very cool. It has always been cleaned. Service at high level. Free coffee and snacks in the lobby. The hotel is in a convenient place. This is place is quiet peaceful. All sights of the lower Manhattan nearby.
bubble_50	Club Quarters William Street. Chose this hotel because of its modern interior and feel. The room was good, clean, and very quiet. It's a great location, very close to metro station and right off Wall Street. Will definitely stay again, but will not eat at the attached restaurant anymore. They served cold coffee, when sent back, they returned with the same cup, which almost burnt my hand because it came out of the microwave. Food was horrible too and staff was not pleasant.
bubble_40	Only real negative is the rooms are a bit tired and basic but i imagine it is catering for the business crowd in general.  Other than that, they are perfectly clean, small (but it's New York), location great for Brooklyn/south island sight seeing which was my itiniary this trip and it's a lot cheaper than a midtown places at the weekend.  Obviously you're a few stops further up the subway from midtown than Central Park/midtown hotels but it's maybe an extra 5-10 min at most.  Nice staff, free water too.  Didn't eat there so won't comment
bubble_20	We have stayed at this hotel on a few occasions. Good location, especially if you need to be close to downtown neighborhoods. The front desk staff usually are very friendly and helpful. The hotel itself, however is rather outdated. The air con / heating system does not function properly at times - in addition, some of them are so loud that it keeps you from being able to sleep.
bubble_10	Besides the overall average quality of the hotel (but not much you can expect for a lowish price I guess) and very poor daily cleaning, I must say the staff are unhelpful and unprofessional, bordering with rude. They see guests as a hassle. AVOID!
bubble_50	Excellent location. The staff are very friendly and always willing to help. The room was clean enough. Just a little bit noisy during night time. Service provided for the ladies in the lobby was great.
bubble_50	It was a first for our family to stay in the city and we had no regrets booking CQ! Very clean hotel and near the station. Most helpful staff we've ever met, special mention to Anthony and Iris, who helped us navigate our way around. We also loved that this hotel has a water station with refillable bottles provided for the guests, so we could bring our own water bottles as we enjoy sight seeing in the city. Will definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	I originally chose this hotel because it was close to our son's apartment.  It turned out to be a great choice in NYC Financial District.  They had free bottled water, among many other amenities. The free WiFi was a plus. We didn't available ourselves with the Club Living Room but we will next time.  They do have parking available (I think $41 a day) but we didn't use that
bubble_50	I love this location of the hotel perfect I spent time with my family and friends the staff very professional Anthony, leendro and Jeffrey or jefferson awesome they help a lot jefferson or Jeffrey help with luggage bring to the rooms bring pillows towels he show the waterstation and guest closet in the same moment very friendly and Profesional he set up the temperature of the room and tell us what to do around here . Leendro and Anthony too .it's a pretty good place to stay nice service and very easy to move around the rooms  is big  perfect and clean very quiet .have 24 coffee we loved ,I hope we come back soon because is I wonderful city thank you CQ ...
bubble_50	I'm staying in this excellent hotel in Manhattan next to wall st financial district the duty when you check in, is great Mr leyandro is Profesional and Jefferson very gentleman I feel  immediately welcome at this hotel i irraval at nigth they help me with my luggage and all . I like the location so much next to the subway 24 hrs Duane reade perfect for shopping the hotel is great nice conditions clean coffe station 24hr nice rooms very comfortable water station and people so nice miss lulu very lovely thank you for all I feel like in family, I love to come back soon again
bubble_30	Location is great for business trips , walking distance to wall street  ,  free wifi , staff are very friendly and helpful , the room is basic not luxury but clean , prices are reasonable. recommended for short stay.
bubble_30	The hotel is not in the best condition.  It is definitely showing its age.  The hotel employees were courteous.  The hotel room was a pretty good size for NYC.  The bathroom, however, was not acceptable.  There was mold/mildew around the bathtub and the whole bathroom just looked dingy.  The hotel has a great location, but it needs to spruce things up. We felt strongly enough about the condition of our room that we ended up booking a different hotel. This hotel is not a 4-star hotel. Maybe a 2.5-star at best.
bubble_40	I hope he's on duty when you check in. What a professional and a gentleman. I felt immediately welcomed at this hotel to have such a charming person greeting me.  I like the location too, nice to be away from midtown. This area use to be dead after 6pm, but now it's a charming community. Shops and restaurants everywhere with out the hustle bustle.. My room is average size, nice, clean and well appointed. The bathrooms don't have tubs, only showers But that might be a good thing for us bath people, because the chlorine smell coming from the faucet is SUPER strong. I think the hotel is aware, it's probably not safe for drinking because they provide a purified water station on every other floor free of charge, for drinking and coffee. I use it to brush as well, wish I could bathe
bubble_50	We spent 9 days in the hotel and it was a great deal. It's the second time we've been CQ and we loved it! The staff was great and really helpful. The hotel is not new but very well maintained. It's located 6minutes walking from WTC and to go everywhere else you can choose from numerous MTA lines within walking distance. We loved our stay and would love to stay there again!
bubble_10	I arrived at the Club Quarters Wall Street on a Saturday night only to be informed that my booking had been cancelled. Cancelled by whom? Club Quarters, that's who.  This was despite a booking confirmation being sent, a successful charge to a credit card, and no further communication from Club Quarters. The reception staff were unable, or unwilling, to assist and instead told me to contact their booking call centre, which was closed.  The reception staff were unable to accomodate us as the hotel was full for the night and did not offer to assist us in obtaining alternate accommodation.  Avoid this establishment.
bubble_30	Great location, just few minutes from Wall Street  and the subway. Staff ok not very communicative. If u have lots of luggage ufff big drama to get up to the hotel. Room okey, amenities okey. To me look likes 2 stars hotel.
bubble_40	Great place. I was preparing for the worst based on some reviews but this place was terrific. Now I did get a suite upgrade for $40 more but $160/night in NYC is a steal.  Wife and I and 2 kids with a seperated suite (by wall not door). Very spacious, and best of all it had 2 desks so my son had his office and me mine :)    Stayed 6 days.   The bathroom could have been bigger but that's about the only thing I can say slightly negative. Staff was terrific, location is outstanding, and it was clean.  Free WIFI, Free Coffee and snacks, free purified water. Had a Fridge and Microwave as well. 2 TVs   Roll Out bed for kids was solid Queen Sized.
bubble_40	My twice visit. Very nice Htl in the financial district. Near Metro. Airport JFK via Air Train & connect with lines J and Z from Jamaica Station. 5 min walk to Century 21. Duane Reade 24hs open beside htl. In the lobby cafe express excelent, allways fresh fruit. Very comfortable bed. The free Wi-fi is excelent, very very fast.
bubble_50	The hotel is in the middle of Wall Street. It's Clean and the staff was very helpful and kind to us. The subway is RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER!!! Very easy to move around. The room are okay, nothing crazy but the value for money is Great. The room are enough big the bed is very comfortable.
bubble_40	It is not ideal but good enought for spending couple of nights in NY. Room is not big, but comfortable. Water mashine, coffee maschine, comfortable bed. Very convinient location.  What I did not like - my room was on 5th floor and there was no view from it at all. But this is not the issue. The bed thing that the window was faced to the ventilation machine so it was wery noisy with the open window. Aircon was also too old and noisy So if you want to stay in scilence you have to close the window and do not switch on aircon. Also bathroom is very  inconveniently located (in front of the bed) and the sliding door was broken.
bubble_30	Located right in the heart of the financial district, this hotel is a fantastic value for a hotel in Manhattan.   It is showing some signs of its age but is in a great location  PROS - very close to the yellow, blue and red subway lines. Red line is right under the hotel. All less than a 5 min walk away.  - free bottles of water available on each floor - free coffee, tea and WiFi - on weekdays, the ground floor has free snacks. One day, they had granola bars and fruit. The other day, they had nuts and M&Ms - comfortable beds and decent sized rooms  CONS  - rooms are showing their age a bit  - some nights, there was a recurring rumbling noise. Annoying but bring ear plugs! - attention to detail when cleaning rooms would have been nice. There was a hair in the sink when we
bubble_30	We have stay here for two nights.  The room was very small but good enough if you are planning to spend your day exploring downtown.  There's no sound proofing walls so if  happen to have a loud room neighbors next to your room you will be screwed.  The service was good and we had nothing major that disappeared us. Location is really the main and only reason to stay in this place.
bubble_40	Friendly front desk who found a room for my early check-in even though I'd not stayed there before. Knowledgeable front desk who knew the area and provided exact and detailed directions.  The room was comfortable and larger than I'd expected for NYC. The desk chair had 3 burns in the mesh on the seat back and the outside of the room door had a huge gash in it, both unattractive. The lobby was large, comfortable and clean.  When I arrived on Thursday morning, the coffee machine in the lobby had a sign announcing it was broken and for 3 mornings, no coffee.  Rates comparable to similar hotels in the Wall Street area. An easy walk to the water and restaurants including a bagel shop open on Sunday.
bubble_40	My son (23) and I (50) have just returned from a fantastic sightseeing holiday staying at the Club Quarters hotel William Street/Wall Street.  We travelled there to celebrate my 50th birthday. On arrival we were greeted by friendly helpful staff who dealt with our arrival in super fast time.  All the staff at Club Quarters are happy to answer any queries and deal with any issues that you may have, nothing is too much trouble.  They provided us with a map and explained the best way to get to places of interest, which we found useful. The hotel itself is an old building, I think it was built in the 1890's. The room we stayed in was a twin single bed room which was quite small, but not ridiculously so.  It had coffee making facilities and room cleaning service every day and was
bubble_50	Everything was ok. Room was very clen, the service everyday changes towels. Nice duane rade farmacy opened 24/7 with everythink you need in trump building just across the street. Location of this hotel is awesome, nxt time for sure I'll choose CQ wall street.
bubble_50	Stayed there over the weekend for a visit - great location just 2mins from subway station. Area was calm and we felt very safe - a good break from the very lively and touristy areas from the city. 10mins walking from the 9/11 memorial, 15 from Staten Island ferry departure terminal.
bubble_50	The location is great, the rooms are nice and staff were all amazing! My family and I had a great time exploring downtown NYC and staying at this hotel. Special shout out to the staff who helped during our stay: Ley, Ciara, Anthony and Iris.  Will absolutely recommend this hotel!
bubble_50	We had a quick family stay and this hotel fit the bill perfectly. We had a comfy suite and enjoyed the many freebies the hotel offers. The hotel staff was so helpful and full of spirit. Every morning we were greeted warmly by Carlos and Leandro. The hotel left a lasting impression on all of us. We hope to return next year.
bubble_50	This hotel was perfect for my 4 day stay in New York City. Super close to my office which allowed for quick stops at the hotel for lunch and dinner while working. My room was efficient and comfortable. Decent gym on location was a plus. I had a few issues during my stay but they were quickly resolved by the custodian Pempa and Leandro. Looking forward to returning in a few months.
bubble_50	Spent a long fall weekend here with my son. We flew in early in the morning and had no problem dropping our bags with the staff and running off the explore the city for the day. When we returned in the evening, our bags were delivered directly to our room, instead of us waiting for them to be brought to the lobby. The standard rooms are about average,  by Manhattan standards, which is to say they're small, but there is enough room that two people don't feel like they're crawling all over one another.  The standard rooms come with standup showers, and appear to be recently remodeled. There is a 32-inch LCD TV on the wall, and the wifi is free and fast. In fact, I stayed at this hotel for business about three years ago and when I took my phone out of my pocket, it had already
bubble_40	We made rservations for two rooms (4 people). Upon arrival around noon rooms were ready, reception desk staff was very helpful and smiling and we were upstairs in not time. The hotel is very close to Fulton or Wall Street Subway stations which is a plus.  Parking is available next block and you get a special discount if you are hotel guest just ask for the hotel stamp on your parkin receipt. Everyday you can enjoy free coffee or tead downstairs. We have not tried the restaurant that has a nice menu though.
bubble_40	If you need a place to stay outside Times Square, this is the place.  Financial district with Century 21 and WTC are right next door. JFK is easily reached with A-train few blocks away. Staff is super friendly and polite. Room was small but clean and best of all quiet,  not so obvious in NYC. I liked and will visit again.
bubble_40	Perfectly situated for everything - close to WTC, Battery Park, Staten Island Ferry, Brooklyn Bridge and South Street Seaport - and a walk of just a few seconds to the Subway to any other tourist destination in Manhattan.   The bedroom was great. Bathroom a little small but perfectly serviceable. Comfortable bed, and a fridge and microwave in the room too. Maid service was daily. Another great feature was the water filters/dispensers on each floor, with screw cap bottles provided for free.   We would stay here again and would actively seek it out if returning to NYC.
bubble_40	Really liked the location close to 9/11 Memorial, World Trade Center, Broooklyn, Battery Bark.  Staff was very friendly, free filtered water on every floor, kitchenette with microwave and fridge.  Large windows and rooms, bathroom was a little small but very clean
bubble_50	This hotel was everything we hoped for- great location, good customer service, comfy bed, and the Pub next to the hotel (Baileys) was very nice. My boyfriend and I enjoyed our stay in Club Quarters and we will return in the future!
bubble_40	Literally around the corner from Wall Street with a Subway station right near by you could not ask for a better location. And the room price was very reasonable for New York. The rooms were well appointed and had plenty of space. A great place to explore NYC from.
bubble_40	Very decent hotel. Excellent location. Very good service. Good rooms. Breakfast not included but not needed since there was an available coffee machine and snacks all the time at the lobby which was a very pleasant relaxing area.
bubble_50	I am in New York City frequently for work, and I try to stay at the Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street whenever I can.  The rooms are not all that big,  but have everything you need:  comfortable bed, clean bathroom with hot water, thermostat that is easy to adjust, quiet, free wi-fi, chilled water.  But what really sets this place apart is the staff - no matter what time of day you arrive, you are treated with a warm smile.   The staff is also very helpful when it comes to restaurant suggestions, sightseeing ideas or figuring out the subway system.  The complimentary coffee and light snacks in the lobby area are greatly appreciated.
bubble_50	This is the second time we stay st Club Quaters Wall Street and both times we had an excellent experience. Staff was friendly and efficient. The rooms we're comfortable and clean. Restaurant staff and bar were very pleasant
bubble_30	I stayed in Club Quarters Hotel for a night, and the experience was okay. The location is right in Wall Street and the staff is friendly. We are put in the top floor of the hotel, and the room was not that spacious. Also due to the temperature in the room, that night was not particularly enjoyable. Also, since I forget to put slippers in my suitcase, I asked the front desk if they could provide us with slippers and they told us to go to a supermarket to get it, which I guess is normal in a NYC hotel. There are things that can improve, but location wise, this is an awesome hotel, with affordable daily rate.
bubble_50	This is the second club quarters we have stayed at. Both have been fantastic experiences. Something specific to this chain, which I think is wonderful, is that they provide 5water bottles that you can fill up at purified water stations, free coffee, snacks, and are always connected to a nice restaurant. This one in particular, on Wall Street, was very accommodating. I just had a baby 3 months ago and needed to be able to pump every so often. When it came to check out, our flight left later in the day, and they made it to where I can be comfortable and pump in privacy. I greatly appreciated that!!!! Thank you!
bubble_50	Great service and room!  Conveniently located near shopping good restaurants easy walk to seaport and Artie of liberty.  Room was big and clean service was great appreciated the discounted parking fees and so easy to get to!!
bubble_50	This hotel was a great find on Expedia. My friends and I booked a regular room but it was way too small for us. The clerk at the desk Ley upgraded us to a suite for just $30. We really appreciated that. The suite was clean and spacious. The free wifi and bottled water was nice and the metro right down the street was a plus.
bubble_40	We stayed there for a few nights. Apparently the price was pretty high, but compared with similar hotels in the same area, it was aligned if not better. In a narrow street in finance District, really few meters from Metro, less than  10 minutes walk from WTC and Battery Park (starting point for Staue of Liberty and Ellis island), the location is really strategic. The direct access to Bailey Pub and Brasserie is another plus. The room at 10th floor was really large, pretty comfortable even if with some problems in heating (direction offered to change the room). Service very kind and serviceful.
bubble_40	Club Quarters Wall Street was perfect for a mid October trip to celebrate my mom and daughter's birthdays. We were there Thursday to Monday and the location was perfect. The subway to anywhere in Manhattan is about a block from the hotel. There is a 24 hour store across the street, great restaurants nearby and the 9/11 memorial, the new  Oculus Westfield Mall and World Trade Center are a quick walk away. It was nice staying in a relatively mellow part of town, but having everything a quick subway ride away.  The hotel is not super modern, but is clean and roomy. We had a suite with a couch. The staff is WONDERFUL. A big thanks so Anthony for everything (esp an early checkin after our redeye flight) and to the head of housekeeping who helped us remedy a situation with our pull
bubble_50	We went there with an infant, so when we asked them for baby crib and refrigerator they happily provided. Also when we needed other helps they happily provided. Very friendly and patient to all their guests. I higherly reccommend this place to all kind of people.  The location is very close to most of the attraction. I higherly reccommend this place to all and we'll definately go back if needed.
bubble_50	Perfect spot for proximity to Wall St, South Ferry, Staten Island Ferry, Heliport. Subway stop 1/2 block away.  Easy walk to Statue of Liberty ferry. Good restaurants nearby, also full service post office within three blocks.
bubble_40	Out of all the nice places Ive stayed, this hotel has the best staff; they were very helpful, friendly and professional. Special thanks to Tsering, Leandro and Ciara. The snack was good and generous. Room was good, clean and comfy. All this makes you feel at home and it's hard to leave.
bubble_50	Cozy quaint hotel on wallstreet near all the landmarks. Our late check in with Leandro was proper and informative. He knows the hotel inside out. We had room 609 with a sofa and it was excellent. The lobby cappuccino machine was a godsend. Also the free purified water and different munchies was a nice touch. The next door bar was hit and miss. Overall a cool hotel with good people.
bubble_50	This hotel was a cool find from the moment we checked in with Ciara we felt great. We had a spacious suite which was clean and comfortable.Surprisingly the hotel offered many freebies like fruit, cereal bars, m&m's and sodas. The whole staff really came thru for us Iris, Ley, Elvis they were all tremendous. The hotel is not modern but has a great feel to it. I will definitely consider this hotel again when we return for the holidays.
bubble_50	My brother and I just stayed at Club Quarters Wall St., very nice hotel staff and housekeeping were great nice location in financial district close to 9/11 Museum which is a must to see and Battery Pk.
bubble_50	Very surprising hotel right in the heart of the financial district. My room was comfy, clean and spacious. I was so delighted with all the free bottled water, wasabi peas, fruit and lattes. The hotel staff Iris, Siara, Ley, Anthony, Maria and Sering were very accommodating. My trip would have been a disaster without them. Love New York hope to visit again soon.
bubble_40	Excellent location for business and seeing Manhattan (subways close by, sights close by: Brooklyn Bridge, Staten Island ferry, 9/11 Memorial, Wall Street, Broadway etc.). The check in staff were friendly and efficient. The amenities in the lounge are welcome (but sometimes ran out), the bottles and water fountain on each corridor are very welcome. My room was small (as was the bed - I am 6' 3") but well kitted out and the shower room was good. Air con was a bit noisy if attempting to really get the temperature down but fine if 70F is OK for sleep (for 3 nights then sleep is elusive in any case). All was very clean. The wi-fi coverage was good and easy to access. My one downside was when I had breakfast - inexpensive and, sorry to say, poor, eggs to order arriving as rubber not
bubble_40	I am going to be in Manhattan for a month. My company building is on Wall Street, less than a 5 minute walk. The Wall Street subway station is in spitting distance.  The room is small - but hey, this is Manhattan and real estate is pricey. The space is used wisely and the room does not feel cramped for one person. Because I am staying so long, my room has a microwave and a refrigerator. But I do not believe that these are common in every room. I do wish that the easy chair in the room was a recliner. The bath amenities are very nice. The bathroom is small, with a pocket door separating it from the room. Again, not an issue for a solo traveler.  There is an on-site, complimentary, laundry facility which will come in VERY handy! Don't get too excited about the "snacks, coffe, tea,
bubble_40	We have just had a 3 night stay at this hotel & found it to be in a good location for site seeing Lower Manhattan. The room was a small Queen but had everything we needed. It's not that you see much of your room on a NYC trip. The staff were excellent & very helpful. Free tea coffee, lemonade & water in the Club room with free filtered water on most floors plus bottles to use. 1 block from Wall Street Metro for access to the rest of Manhattan. Perfect for a walk to Brooklyn, 9/11 memorial etc If you like shopping very close to C21. although the dollar sterling rate very poor at the moment there is still a bargin to be had. All in all a quality hotel & not too expensive would recommend.
bubble_40	Great location in the Financial district, with a subway stop on the corner. Hotel is located a short walk from South Street Seaport, 9/11 memorial and the Staten Island ferry.   Hotel is clean and modern, staff couldn't have been more helpful or professional. Room was much bigger that other New York hotels I've stayed in in the past.  Liked the availability of bottled water on every floor, handy if you planning to be out and about.  The attached restaurant\bar The Bailey was a lively spot on Friday night. Plenty of options in relation to food and beer.
bubble_10	Unfortunately, many things went amiss during my stay. I found some long ugly hairs in my bathroom, put a note on them asking housekeeping to clean it. Housekeeping apologized with a generous food voucher for the in-house restaurant. Ironically however, they did not even remove the hairs I had complained about!!! When I approached the lady at the reception my wish for a second food voucher fell on deaf ears I have never had hotel staff that was so indifferent to their guests well-being. Moreover, the restaurant charged my room with a different amount from the one I had signed This is still being looked into by my credit card company. I canceled a future stay right away and found something better and cheaper elsewhere! Don't go here unless you want to be treated indifferently!
bubble_10	I've stayed here for business multiple times before, and while this is by no means a 5 star hotel it was always completely adequate until this last trip.  The sheets had stains on them, small stains but stains nonetheless.  The floor was dirty and seemed liked it had not been vacuumed well in a long time.  The kicker was a found a bedbug in my bed.  I get that this is NYC and they are everywhere, but I don't want them in my hotel bed.  Needless to say I will not be staying here again.
bubble_50	The location is perfect. The hotel staff (especially Tsering) are very kind and helpful... Brooklyn bridge, wall street, 9/11 memory are around the hotel. A subway station is just behind the hotel....
bubble_50	I stay in hotels all over the city and this one is a winner. My room was spacious, clean and I had a comfortable bed. I was surprised at all the complimenary stuff you get at the hotel. Cappuccinos, fruit, sodas and bottled water. The hotel is old but modern at the same time. Many thanks to Maria and Leandro at the front desk. They were super friendly and full of great suggestions. Will definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	I found this hotel on groupon and was a little skeptical.The check in with Anthony was easy and informative. We had a large suite that was clean and well maintained. We appreciated the free bottled water, and snacks in the lobby. The desk clerks Iris, Jim, Sierra, Lay, were so helpful and friendly. They made our trip outings alot easier. Overall this hotel rocks!
bubble_50	Ended up staying in the city late one night. I needed a hotel room and accidentally ran into club quarters. I didn't have a reservation but in a few minutes the concierge Ley set me up and gave me an upgrade to a suite. Bless his heart! I was impressed with the free wifi and free bottled water. In the morning they have free coffee and fruits awesome way to start the morning.
bubble_50	4 days in New York, I have appreciate localization hotel, (metro nearly), quality of the room and lot of services. I recommand this hotel regarding to all services offers and the quality of personal. Again thanks a lot.
bubble_40	Great experience, Nice and very clean room. Also free water to tap. Lovely personall at your service at all times. Very efficint and convenient reception. Luggage can be stored on check-in and check-out day.
bubble_40	Great location, away from the hustle and bustle of uptown but close enough to everything to see. Flew in for a quick trip to NYC with a friend, to see the sites. The hotel offers snacks during the morning and evening and also water station on the floors. Although the rooms are a bit small, the furniture and amenities are great. Walking distance to subway, we bought a one day pass for the Hop on Hop off tour bus, great buy great way to see so much.
bubble_40	Had 2 nights over here and it was OK. It's just one block away from Wall St and Subway. The counter staff is friendly and the room is just fine. No frills..... Decent room.  Pros: Provides filtered chilled water on every floor. (Provides Plastic bottle as well) Very good business location. (Next to wall St and other major banks offices)  Cons: The 24 Hr lobby lounge provides a coffee machine which was not working during my stay, i can't get hot water for my tea as well.
bubble_30	Travelled to NY city just for a day's meeting and stayed at Club Quarters Wall St. as this was close to our client's address.Location is great subway just few steps from the hotel. Well suited even for tourists. Mind you, the hotel is outdated. Do not expect anything fancy or modern. Room was really small. Some rooms may have been recently painted as the room had smell of paint. Even the bathroom had a stink which was basically from the shower curtain. Needs claening for sure. The shower cubicle was cramped, but again this is New York. Wi-Fi was good. Only concern was the attitude of their staff. The chinese guy at the check-in was curt & a bit rude at times. When checking-out, I'd left my bag with them which the reception accepted. When I came back to collect the bag, the
bubble_50	This was great place for a short one night stay. It is right in the middle of lower Manhattan and the 2 and 3 train lines are only a few blocks away. Although the rooms are a bit small, the furniture and amenities are great. The beds and sheets are great quality and the staff is very friendly. I would not recommend for more than 2 people or more than 3 nights. Although nice and quaint, the rooms are very small. Overall, great place for a short stay.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel for a wonderful vacation and adventures in lower Manhattan. I was in this hotel with my husband and 2 daughters for about 8 nights. We choose a standard room which turned out not to be very spacious for 4 people. Maria informed us about upgarading us to something bigger for a fee. We were upgraded to a suite,for a very good price, with a queens size bed and pull out couch. Thank you Maria for taking care of us!!. We spent wonderful days in the hotel, our room was always kept clean by the housekeepers, and Maria always helped us with directions and any quest. The hotel offers snacks during the morning and evening and also water station on the floors, ours was in front of our room, very convenient !!  I strongly recommend this hotel for vacation or business.  There
bubble_50	Loved it very much! very recommended. Even though I didn't get room service because they misheard my room number it was still a great stay! Everyone was friendly and the house keeper knows how to keep it clean!
bubble_10	This hotel was booked because I was on an extended business trip for seven nights.  My first impressions of the hotel when checking in was fine. The gentleman at reception was very friendly and made sure to tell me everything I needed to know.  My room was 307 which is on the third floor. When I exited the elevator on the third floor after checking in I knew straight away there was going to be problems. The third floor is home to the hotels ice machine, vending machines and gym.  When I got to my room I was massively unimpressed. It had this old musty smell to it that I've smelt in other places such as $20/night motels which I've had the regret to stay it. The room was on the exact same level of the loud speaker of the church opposite which isn't good if you're looking for some
bubble_40	Good Location for lower Manhattan & Battery Park (Ferry etc) Good Staff Average Bathroom/Shower in Suite Good sized suite for NYC Filtered water & bottles provided  No self laundry services which is a negative when traveling with family on tour or vacation/extended holiday. The attached bar and staff to the hotel  were friendly & helpful, Food was average and drinks were good. Beds were Average for comfort.  Would stay again for leisure or business and recommend to family, friend & business associates.
bubble_50	Don't be fooled by the location of the hotel. Even though it is in financial district, you can easily reach midtown in under 10 minutes on 2 or 3 train which right next to hotel entrance.  The rooms are large by NYC standard and very well decorated. Very clean and great house keeping services. They have filtered water available on every floor, but I do hope the bottles they provide get recycled. Some snacks are provided in the lobby alongside great coffee, which is a very nice touch. Check in fast and hassle free, staff very friendly. If the price looks good to you, look no further and book this hotel!
bubble_50	Always a pleasure staying at CQ Wall Street.  It's like coming home. The staff is very helpful. professional and accommodating.   Love that the hotel has a laundry room guest can use, free!  And coffee available at all hours in the reception room.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Club Quarters for one night. We had never stayed in Financial District, (usually stay midtown) so we didn't know what to expect. We were helped on arrival by Anthony, who gave friendly, professional, and exceptional service. On learning this was our first stay at their hotel, he upgraded our room to a suite for no additional charge. Our room was quite large for NYC standards, and very clean. There was a separate sitting area and a queen sized bed in the bedroom area. The bathroom was large enough and was well-designed to have places to put your "stuff". (so many hotels' bathrooms have no counter or storage space!) The bathroom door was a sliding door on a rail instead of shutting tight, and was right beside the bed, so if you're at all "shy" about bathroom
bubble_40	It was a nice hotel with nice room and a great flat tv screen on the wall. Next to train which was very convenient. Nice, safe location. Comfortable Bed. AC was very controls able by us which was great.
bubble_50	Very good pillows, housekeeping was really flexible which was really nice, the free drinks/snacks and fruit during working days was a nice extra, staff was friendly and the location more than perfect (safe area, near many metrolines) . rooms were clean and comfortable, no noise from neighbors. For a stay in NYC it felt like the perfect hotel  It is nice to have your own aircon, but it was kind of noisy.
bubble_30	Stayed here for a quick stay in New York.  Great location and would be an excellent place to stay if you get a good room.  All kinds of little things that make it nice like free softdrinks, water, snacks and things like that.  I am sure if you book directly through the hotel you can get the rooms you expect.  Problem is they advertise on all kinds of other websites.  If you go there expecting a "Queen Room" because that is what it said on the other website, not so fast.  You end up getting what ever they have left.  Our room was a "full sized" bed in a very tiny space.  Nice and clean but not what we expected.  If you make a call to the manager the day of arrival before you get there you might be able to get a better room.  The lady is very helpful there.
bubble_30	Stayed here for a work trip. Its close to the Wall Street area and not anything exceptional. I had an upper floor, which had a very loud vent thing going on which i had to close to bathroom door and some sort of elevator noise constantly going. It didn't wake me after I fell asleep but it was still annoying. The hotel was clean, lobby was really nice and the free food/drinks was a great supplement to the room. I liked getting a coffee or milk in the morning before heading to the office.
bubble_50	We have visited the city about a dozen times and have never stayed the same place twice.  We stayed in this hotel in April 2016 and have booked it again for November 2016.  We have had good service in the past but the service here was above and beyond from the moment we walked in to the day we left!  Can't say enough about the friendliness of the staff!!! It was a short walk to Battery Park, the WTC area and subway stops.  The rooms were great!  The free bottled water and lattes were wonderful perks!
bubble_40	Stayed there for two weeks in april 2014 , except the space everything was good - On wall street, close to all attractions fed office, major I-Bank Offices, NYSE, Statue of Liberty , Broadway - It is business hotel not leisure. If you are on holiday and looking for spacious hotel then this is not the place. - near to metro station. has got good indian restaurants near buy.  - very clean and comfortable, staff is co-operative - There is no free breakfast buffet, instead you get fruit and energy bars in morning and evening. Free net surfing machine in common area, access to gym and laundry machine for self service.
bubble_20	Stayed at this hotel for four days. The location is really great. Room was a lot smaller than expected. Service was just ok .Some of the staff not so friendly , really need to learn how to treat your customers right
bubble_40	Grabbed this stay up on Priceline for less than $100 a night and well worth every penny! It was my first time staying in Lower Manhattan however this location is in the midddle of it all, walking distance to Battery Park, 9/11 Memorial and Pier 15.   Employees here are just wonderful! Purified water and coffee bar with snacks in the lobby were also a pleasant surprise!
bubble_30	After finding the Holiday Inn Express FAR too small and cramped on my last visit, someone suggested CQ Wall Street.  Definitely more comfortable.  Rooms about twice the size of HIE.  Bailey's is a very nice bar / restaurant.  Nice lounge to hang in as well.  Rooms were pretty nice overall.  Nothing to write home about but a small fridge, microwave and bedside charging station are all nice touches.  Windows were pretty filthy, though.  Also, the doors didn't close all the way unless you pulled them shut so it could be a safety issue.  Service was decent.  There was a time I called down for room service and they said they no longer carry the first two items I ordered.  Said I had an "old menu" (well, it was the one in my room ?!).  Hung up and went out.    Location good, pretty
bubble_50	Hotel in very good location (Financial District, close to the metro station). Many downtown places in walking distance. Clean&comfortable room. Helpful and very nice staff. Hotel's club with snacks&beverages and computer access i.a. printing boarding cards. Easy access to JFK airport both taxi and metro+airtrain.
bubble_40	Although it is not a hidden gem , it a convenient place for one or two nights sleep if you are in a business in the city. The rooms are small, equipped with the strict necessities, without any fancy accessories. The beds are rather small, more fit for one person, but the place is clean, quiet on the high floors and the staff is nice. One major deficiency is that they don't have a minibar or mini fridge in the room which is August is a big problem. So don't forget to bet yourself a bottle of water.
bubble_10	.... from the reviews on here I thought that this hotel would be to a top standard. For three nights it cost me 430 pounds which I believe it quite a lot. The room was small. There was no actual door to the bathroom, just a sliding door. Air con was noisy. When I switched off the air con kits of noise too. It is outdated and needs an upgrade. When first entering the hotel, theres no bellboy to help you in and there are no lifts so you have to lug your luggage to the reception. Disappointing...
bubble_50	The staff made all the difference in this stay! Dhundup, Maura in housekeeping and my guys at the front desk who took amazing care of us - Mike and Tsering! We were here for a month and this team was responsive to every need and helpful in every way!
bubble_30	High speed internet  Best 1 in NYC They take deposit 100$     and not mention with booking information???? About check in early must you call them due to they not sure as staff not friendly and not hellful
bubble_30	Room "Quenn Standard" to small for a couples for 7 nights! There isn't space for the luggages! Bathroom small. Very nice the M&M dispencer available in to the Hall :) And very appreciate the water dispencer.
bubble_50	Stopped for 3 night last week. Bed comfy room big enough (your in NYC so why you want a big room is beyond me!) Clean, Free water and coffee etc. Lift is quick location bang on! 250m fron metro station Will stay again.
bubble_40	Good place to stay for business or leisure. Great location, the staff is helpful, the hotel is near all transportation to get around the city.   I will stay there again.  Club Quarters always meets mine needs.
bubble_20	Noisy rooms. All you can hear is fans outside. Cleaner didn't bother to clean my room one day. Felt like this don't like delivery the service element just provide a noisy dirty room. I would not stay here again and should be provided with a full refund!
bubble_30	For New York and the location this place is good value.   There are hotels with fancier and more up to date decor and bathrooms with more powerful showers but for us this did the job. The room was clean and the beds comfortable.  We slept well and the location was good for seeing the sights of the financial districts and catching the subway for uptown trips. There are enough places nearby for breakfast.  The staff were helpful when asked for advice and check-in was smooth.
bubble_30	The hotel is nice. The rooms are nice, bed comfortable.  Keurig coffee machine in room. However the account was squeaky and loud,  impossible to sleep. After three phone calls and three visits to the front desk,  did they acknowledge my request to change rooms. This was after the staff changed for the night...
bubble_50	Club quarters was a great find. As a business traveler I have certain needs and they were all fulfilled. The hotel provides a clean well shaped room and many free goodies. The free wifi and the free bottled water were definitely helpful. The ambiance was great but a lil dark. Hotel staff was attentive and a few minor issues were quickly resolved by Leandrow. Also the next door pub has great burgers and beers.
bubble_50	Didn't know what to expect but the grandchildren really were accommodated and so were we.  The suite offered just enough to keep some healthy snacks in the refrigerator, ice department for cold packs, free water, fruit and snacks and drinks.  Friendly front desk at all times and will certainly try here first next time in lower Manhattan.
bubble_50	When I checked into the club quarters hotel I was super impressed by the room. The suite that I had had everything that I needed to make my long stay enjoyable.The suite rooms is a great size and very modern and chic. I am extremely impressed with the staff that they have Michael at the front desk instantly learned my name right away and made me feel welcome when I returned back from a long day at work. Tsering and Steffon are also very nice and they deserve to be recognized for their kindness and hospitality. The manager Christina went out of her way to make a small altercation right in a very short time, she is awesome!!  I will definitely return to the Club Quarters Hotel for all of my business travels.
bubble_50	Great downtown location and staff was very helpful. Rooms are small and a bit austere but overall enjoyed our stay here. The World Trade Center is a quick walk from the hotel and the entire lower end of Manhattan is a quick cab ride away.
bubble_50	Many thanks to Christina and her crew for a very comfortable stay.  The rooms that ice seen are spacious, well-appointed, and very clean and the service is friendly and efficient.  Recommended.  Make sure to tour the immediate area;  tons of fantastic NYC history!
bubble_50	I arrived at the hotel after a 14 hour flight and was granted an early check-in, which was very much appreciated! The service was friendly, the room was comfortable and the location was amazing! I was assigned a room according to my preferences.  I would definitely recommend this hotel for those reasons!  Also appreciated was the complementary water and soft drinks.
bubble_50	Good reception, room is tiny but neat and all amenities are there. Price is not high. Cross door restaurant is not that much good, but lot of eating place nearby. Walking distance to World Trade Center, Battery Park, Charging Bull (Stock Market), East River beach for cruises, Brooklyn Bridge and subway station to 5th ave., Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockefeller center, China town and etc.
bubble_50	My two night stay was pleasant and comfortable. The hotel was located five minutes from both of my clients. My super late arrival was impressive and informative. The desk clerk Ley was happy smiling and energetic like it was the middle of the day. He gave me a run down of the hotel and all the extras. My room was large and clean. They offer free bottled water which was surprising. Coffee was always available as well as fruit, cereal bars and sodas. The hotel gym is 24hrs and decent. I tried the restaurant and it was okay as well. Next month I will return for more meetings and hope to stay here.
bubble_50	After traveling all day, i walked into a room that i was not happy with. Room was clean, but my issue was the AC unit outside the window was loud. After speaking with Mike & Iris at the front desk, i was assured that i would be given a room that i was completely happy with! To many times I have entered Hotels where the staff give you one chance to move and if you are not happy " Too Bad" Mike and Iris went WAY ABOVE the call of duty to see that I was happy,and for that CQ Club Quarters will be my NYC hotel from now on!
bubble_50	Great location near King's College.  The room was ideal,  ideally located near subway.  The restaurant was handy for lunch  , cocktails or dinner.  The desk staff was helpful.  We loved the purified water station on our floor.
bubble_50	Arrived at night and by mistake arrive to wrong hotel but lady in reception desk was so kind and transferred my reservation from other place to them so was able to stay there after exhausting journey. Very personal and friendly approach for sure will use this place again on my next journey not only same place but also same company as lady that night make me happy. Room very spacious, extremely clean. Bathroom not the biggest but very compact. Everything clean and shiny and anyone coming inside can smell freshness not dust. In room very quiet hardly to hear rush of the city so anyone staying there can really relax.
bubble_40	I stayed at one bedroom with tiny kichen for four days. Actually it was impossible to cook because there is no stove. The place is close to the subway station. So you can easily go to any place in Manhattan. The manager were kind and the room was clean. But the sofa bed was uncomfortable. They provide free water bottle and free laundry machine.
bubble_50	An absolute gem of a hotel. From check-in to the time i left, i had a great stay. The hotel is comfortable, clean, and full of extras. The coffee stand in the lobby is delicious, along with the many snacks provided. The friendly staff gives the hotel a charming touch. My interactions with Ciarra, Iris, Maria, Anthony, Ley, and Mike were wonderful. I look forward to returning with my family.
bubble_50	My wife and I got married in New York and we decided to stay at Club Quarters during our visit. The location of the hotel is very convenient and the staff was amazing. We got a bottle of complimentary Chianti and a coupon for dining at the adjacent restaurant - thank you very much Maria & Tzening !! We highly recommend this hotel to others who want to have a getaway in New York.
bubble_50	We booked this hotel from a third party and could not be more pleased. Iris was very accommodating. She booked us in earlier than 3pm (thankfully) Although this hotel does not have a concierge the front desk was always happy to help and answer all our questions. Surprisingly it was very quiet. Bottled water station is a major A+ snack and free soft drinks in the club room. Will be back soon.
bubble_40	Liked this place. Stayed also in a CQ in Midtown before. Definitely would stay again and recommend.   Coffee in room using Keurig pods. No bathtubs in the room we stayed in (at either location), FYI. What I really did NOT like is that there are no fridge in the room. Love the location in the Financial District. There are ice machines on each floor and also plastic bottles that you can fill with water (and continue re-filling). We really liked this water idea!   Michael was also quite friendly and nice at the Front Desk.   You can also have food (and cocktails) ordered to your room from bar restaurant downstairs. We sat at bar and the bartender really did SUCK (we went at about 11PM, Sat evening, 7/16/2016)..She was slow, unfriendly, and lethargic. Music was also way to loud for
bubble_50	Loved the hotel, our room had a well equipped kitchenette, two very clean and modern rooms. The hotel offers fruit, tea and snacks in the lobby, reception staff are outstanding, as was the cleaning lady. The location is superb - 9/11 site, Wall street, as well as North Cove amazing restaurants. Thank you very much!
bubble_50	We've stayed at 3 different hotels during our trip that were supposed to be 4 stars, but nothing compares to this hotel!! First of all, they have a super friendly staff!! They upgraded us to a suite which is ginormous!!! It has a separate sleeping area and a mini kitchen with a table, a desk, a couch, and chairs. We also have a great view and it's in an excellent location! We will definitely stay here th next time we visit New York!!! :)
bubble_50	My company recommended this hotel and from the time I arrived till checkout I was very pleased. They offer many amenities like free bottle water, and a selection of snacks during the day. The room I had was small but clean and with a lot of light. They have a pub next door which makes great drinks. They have a multi cultured staff which was very helpful especially Ley, who always greeted me with a smile and hello when I returned late from work. Next business trip I will be back.
bubble_50	I've stayed here on several occasions now and each time the staff has been courteous and extremely helpful. On my last visit i didn't realize that i had my room booked at the World trade location rather than the Wall street location...no problem. Mike at the front desk worked it out for us and was even happy to fix MY mistake!  While the rooms and amenities are top notch and provide a homey atmosphere, it really is the staff that makes the difference for me and why I will keep coming back to the Wall St location. Thank you Mike and team for always making me feel welcome, even when I mess up my reservations!
bubble_50	Absolutely great location for good price. Very clean and comfortable rooms, friendly and helpful staff. Coffee, tea and some other beverages are available the whole day in the lobby. In the morning even some snacks. Coffee maker in the room, purified water on the hallway.  I was too busy to try out the fitness center.
bubble_40	We stayed in the Wall Street/William Street area and found the price to be very competitive and the hotel to be of good quality and great location for the price paid.  The hotel is well serviced by three different lines of the subway, granting access to the whole of Manhatten, aswell as Brooklyn and even to JFK.  The hotel was clean and well serviced. The staff were very friendly, although there was some confusion over our booking as it had been done through ebookers, and we were expected to authorise a sizeable deposit on the room for incidentals, which was the first we had heard about it in all of our communication.  We were told by the hotel we weren't able to book a cab to the airport for our return flight, which was a bit disappointing, and I can't understand why that is
bubble_50	Excellent  Customer Services, especially at the front desk from Michael and Iris, they where very kind when we asked the for directions or recommendations. In addition the hotel have complimentary coffee, water, fruits and even sodas. Our room did not include microwave or refrigerator I send an email to the administration asking how much I have to pay for the upgrade,  when we arrived everything was set with no extra charge.  Room was super clean. Definitely I will recommend the place
bubble_40	Everything was very good, I liked the hotel and I felt comfy staying there. the location just perfect near to the metro that you can ride to go anywhere. I probably would go back to this hotel if I got the chance to visited NYC again
bubble_40	A nice hotel in the financial district, conveniently located with a subway stop around the corner.  There are numerous city attractions within a short walk - Battery Park, 9/11 Memorial, Wall Street and Trinity Church.  The Financial District is a short 20 minute subway ride to midtown, and is much quieter.  We stayed in a one room suite - with a queen bed and pull out sofa, with a divider separating the "bedroom" from the "living room."  The room was clean and well appointed, There are purified water stations on all floors - with new, empty bottles for guests to use so no need to buy water and the free wifi was fast enough for most things.  The staff were all very helpful and friendly.  I will stay here again.
bubble_40	The room would be cleaner, and i missed the refrigerator, however fortunately I could get one. Every other service was excellent!  The hotel' location was good. Lots os metro station were really close.
bubble_50	I stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights and the stay was very comfortable. Initially i was a bit hesitant to book a hotel in downtown as I had to take my in laws touring and i was thinking that Times Square region might be better, but this hotel is in a perfect location and its relatively cheap compared to the other expensive hotels in NY.  I had made the booking through booking.com. I needed a wheel chair accessible room and since booking.com doesnt offer that (i think so), i called the hotel desk before arriving and they were very generous to give me a wheel chair accessible room. The room was very clean and tidy with a mini fridge, microwave and utensils along with all the other regulars a hotel room has.  The hotel has a decent lobby with complimentary tea and coffee
bubble_50	Our stay was very pleasant. The hotel was very modern, offering comfortable, quiet rooms. a nice business center, and free filtered bottled water on every floor. Their location is also very good right next to Wall St, transportation, Federal hall, the New York Stock Exchange and other sites in lower Manhattan. Their greatest asset is their staff which were always pleasant,helpful and informative.Mike in particular made a very goods impression on us.
bubble_50	I had an excellent stay. In addition to the excellent location of the hotel, I have to mention the cleanliness of the hotel room, friendly and very efficient staff in check-in and check-out process, and good coffee!
bubble_30	Everything I wanted  to see I a day and half was very close to the hotel.  The location was the best for attractions, food, transportation.. I am a foodi so New York is the place to be.  Hotels amenities and room comfort is adequate for a short stay.
bubble_50	I found this hotel online and was skeptical but it turned out to be really good. The location and the area suited me. The room and the bed were comfortable. They offer a lot of free extras like bottled water and numerous snacks throughout the day. The gym is also pretty decent. The employees were friendly chatty. A thank you to Leyandro the overnight manager who put up with me every night when I was roaming the lobby jetlagged. I will definitely be back soon.
bubble_40	The price is a little bit high, and the room is small. Shower only. The location is great. Close to Trinity Church, Wall St., as well as dock for the statue cruise. The room on the fifth floor was too noisy due to the compressor on the top of another building. They gave me another room on the tenth floor on the second day, which is much better. The parking is very expensive. $37 for one night. Get $12 discount in total as a hotel guest. It's New York. I cannot complain too much about the price. After all, it's an acceptable stay.
bubble_40	I have stayed at a Club Quarters hotel before so I knew what to expect: clean rooms, good in-room facilities and helpful staff.  On that basis the Wall Street "branch" did not disappoint and the free high-speed wifi was an added bonus.  It is always difficult to get a quiet room in NYC but my room on the 20th floor did pretty well with only the sound of a/c in surrounding buildings a small intrusion.    The hotel is well placed from transport being half a block from Wall Street station on the 2 and 3 lines and just short walk to Fulton Street.  Fulton Street station serves the A,C,J,Z,2,3,4 and 5 which means you have access to virtually everywhere in the city just a short walk away.
bubble_50	Perfect place to visit downtown sitesings! Big clean rooms, all neseccery toilet things everyday, coffee and candies as extra-bonus. Subway (red line) just in 30 secunds walk and planty good eating points around.
bubble_50	Great suite room. Super friendly and helpful staff.Location was right by Wall street and a couple blocks from the Fulton train station, which made travel around the city very easy. Having the bottled water machine on the floor was also a great plus.
bubble_40	The reception staff were friendly and polite on arrival and accommodating throughput the stay.  The room on the 12th floor was of a decent size and quiet. It was just for sleeping in so I wasn't too fussed about the decor. The location of the hotel is excellent.   The rooms are clean and well equipped with a fridge, microwave and coffee maker. There are some great local bakeries that have loads of pastries. A decent way to start the morning with a cup of coffee.  The addition of water coolers and take-away drinks bottles for guests was welcome as the temperatures were soaring into the high 30's.   The Bailey next door was also a great place to sit with a chilled beer, some food and chats with the staff.
bubble_40	This hotel was an excellent value and proved to be very comfortable.  The room was nice, and the location was excellent in that it was literally steps away from major subway lines.  Getting to a from the hotel on the subway was a breeze, so we were able to explore NYC with no issues at all.  Plenty of small restaurants nearby, and more dining and shops are a quick jump away.  Great amenities, great customer service.
bubble_30	We booked the Club Quarters hotel on a blind deal through Priceline, and found that it was even more conveniently-located than expected. It is within easy walking distance to ferry terminals.Though the Financial District is obviously a little quieter on weekends, the hotel is close to the bars on Stone Street as well as the pub/speakeasy the Dead Rabbit, which was recently rated the "world's best bar." Yes, the rooms are a little tired - towels have seen better days, the smoke alarm looked like it had been removed, and the air conditioning was noisy at night. Overall, though, it was still a good value for the price -- the rooms are quite spacious by NY standards, water stations were a nice touch, and the staff was very friendly.
bubble_40	I like the Club Quarters concept and have stayed in several of their hotels. I plucked this one off the net when I had an unexpected layover night in NYC. Subway came straight from Penn station and the hotel is right on top of the Wall St line. Very easy check-in, and was in the bar in moments. The rooms are simple, but very functional. Great Wall screen TV and free wifi is a bonus. Whenever I'm stuck I always look to Club Quartes, it's my style of hotel. No nonsense and no frills. Cheap for Manhatten too.
bubble_50	CQ was a perfect hotel for our visit. The location was so convenient yet quiet for NYC. The staff including the front desk and housekeeping was very helpful! Definitely plan on a return stay! The room was clean and bed was comfortable. Morning breakfast was just right.
bubble_50	Hi. I stayed here with my Dad a couple months ago. My dad is visiting from out of town and we decided to stay in NYC overnight. This location is excellent: close to subway, next to Wall Street and shopping areas and dining as well. The staff were all amazing and helpful: Ciara, Mike, Anthony, Ley, Iris just to name a few. They all put in hard work to everything they do and I would like to say MANY THANKS! for all that you do. You are all appreciated. Definitely recommend this hotel!!!
bubble_50	When my girlfriend and I checked into Club Quarters Hotel, we were greeted by, Iris, one of the very friendly and accommodating receptionists. Our check-in wasn't until 3pm. however, we got there around 1:30pm. but she gladly allowed us to check into our room at that time and also randomly and FREE of charge upgraded our full sized bedroom, to a Queen sized bedroom! Before heading into our room, Iris also told us about the onsite pub/restaurant, the lobby which has FREE beverages, computer access, a fire place, and couches/chairs with a big flatscreen tv, and provided us with a map of downtown Manhattan. She mentioned a gym which is on the third floor, and a laundry room as well. Oh, and Iris also gave us a validation for a discounted parking rate!  After staying the first
bubble_50	simple room! to the point! great snacks and the breakfast place was really nice. the automated checkin and checkout was simple. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. A great trip and enjoyed my stay!
bubble_50	Housekeeping was excellent and housekeeper did a great job attending to my needs. Love the locate of hotel.  Room was small but very nice and clean.  Restaurant servers was very pilot and kept checking to see if I needed anything.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel,very central to downtown.Staff very friendly and very helpful with everything from directions to minding cases.Nice touch with coffee ,fruit and bars all day.Highly recommend this hotel to everybody.
bubble_10	Extremely cold for the first night and terribly hot at second night. It took them from 11 pm to 1:30 am to tell us no one can fix the problem. Front desk manager showed really arrogant and careless attitude. She didn't even apologize for this crazy situation! Will never ever book this hotel again!
bubble_50	This was my first stay here at club quarters wall st. Although it was only for a day we were able to do a lot around the hotel. The freedom tower is walking distance. Shopping and sightseeing is all over here at wall street. Iris was kind enough to point out some locations for us to do and thankfully was patient with us while we mapped out our day on the map. Working in customer service field as well she gets an A+!   Will be back for sure on work and personal trips.
bubble_50	What a pleasant surprise. We expected a chilly treatment at this business persons hotel. My wife and I landed reservations during a slow 4th of July week @ Club Quarters and were greeted by Anthony and Ciara who were welcoming and accommodating for the four or five days we were there. They allowed us to check in early as our plane arrived earlier than was reasonable for check in. Then we got a spectacular high floor with a corner window on the suite.  Each day we were treated like family as came and went on our many excursions. The rooms were super, the amenities dandy and the ongoing courtesy by each member of the staff was the best. Thanks Club Quarters! (BTW it is like 100 feet from the Metro Station and nestled among wine stores, and bistros etc, as opposed to the dry&
bubble_30	Stayed here for 2 nights after checking out of a hotel in Midtown. Room was small but just fine if you're out all day... Very close to the subway station - although the trip to Midtown is about 25 minutes.  It is however, close to other places of interest. Bathroom was clean but soap not changed daily. The staff was very courteous and friendly. The water station with the empty bottles for refills is a plus as well as the coffee/tea station on the first floor! Unfortunately, the walls are very thin and there was a rowdy group of people next door that kept me up for a period of time in the early hours of the morning.
bubble_30	Okay overall and very comfortable bed. I was disappointed with the woman receptionist-no welcome, would not let me check in an hour early (the room was ready), and the air was turned off in the room so it was hot/smelly. The front desk upgraded me to a one bedroom suite instead, which was very nice! Spacious, clean, and lots of windows. I was bummed to hear the constant rumbling of a garbage truck outside of my room though. It lasted until 10:30pm.   PLUSES: free wifi (great signal!), free printing, free snacks (in lobby lounge), subway only steps away. Comfortable bed!! Free luggage storage for check-in and check-out.   NEGATIVES: Far away from a lot of things. I don't recommend staying here if you plan to spend most of your time in Mid Town because the subway ride is 25
bubble_40	The place has a wonderful view of the Ground Zero and a nice teracce. The location is very convenient, too. Apart from that, it is rather basic but you get everything you need for a comfortable stay - it is safe, tidy and clean and the personnel is friendly. Cant comment on food or any special services. All in all, I had a good time and it was a good value for money.
bubble_50	This location was a great spot for a weekend getaway. Clean, attractive and comfortable. We also enjoyed their World Trade Center location a month ago. Will visit again when the opportunity arises and hopefully soon!
bubble_50	Excellent location, nice hotel, that is very clean and offers good coffee twenty four hours a day. What else can traveller want. In receprion answered all my questions and were most helpful. Many thanks to them
bubble_30	We were checking into the hotel, after a long day's travel, only to be greeted without a doorman. We had to continue lugging our luggage up the stairs, towards the conceirage desk, who was not the most amicable.   We checked in, and went to our room, to find that it was smaller than expected. No couch available either. The view was opposite a church-like building... so there was no real view. The room was a little cramped for 2 people, with luggage. Oh, we called conceirage to bring up a mini fridge (there was none in the room, you have to call. They will bring one, free of charge.).   Washroom was nice. Hair dryer provided, with shower products too. The hot water takes a while to kick in though. Nice towels!  There was a bottled water station on the floor, with clean reusable
bubble_50	Friendly stuff, perfect location good value for money. I would definitely recommend it to anybody. Most of New York attractions are close, the rooms are nice and clean. Next time I will stay at the same hotel for sure.
bubble_50	Great location, 4 minutes from the Subway, 9/11 Memorial, waterfront, Brooklyn Bridge; excellent service, very professional and kind staff. 15 minutes walking from China Town and Little Italy; lot of good places to eat around, for a reasonable price.
bubble_50	I stood here for one night and i was surprised. The price was amazing on Expedia. The hotel room was on the small end but that was fine for us (you are travelling don't need to stay indoors anyways) Iris at the front desk was amazing. She gave us a quick check in and also pointed out a few things to do around the city. Thank you for that. Upon check out they store your bags until you are ready to go leave. Free coffee and wifi. Best part bottle water on the floors which helped alot. Will be back again.
bubble_40	Friendly and kind staff, Room clean and ready on arrival. Battled with  the Hot water , takes forever, though finally you can experience a hot shower. Great also to be located in the Financial district.
bubble_30	First, I'd like to state that I have been a world wide traveler for the last 15 years, taking one trip per week sometimes. Based on my experience there is no way this hotel can be rated 4 star. Rooms are dated, decor is old fashioned, nothing interesting about any part of this hotel. Yes, there is a complimentary coffee station in the lobby but that really doesn't justify the dungeon like feel of this property. Travelers need to be aware of what they are paying for. It is really disappointing to realize what you got and what you thought of getting. There is a significant quality difference between 3 and 4 star.
bubble_30	It is my second time in a Club Quarters Hotel, and I guess it will be the last one. I thought that a second different Club Quarter may have been better, but it was worst. Service is poor, the people at the front desk trie in the beginning to be nice, but they do not listen and behave like they pardon your life, the room is not as clean as it should e and they do not even update the soap in the room (nor other things). I am still in NY, in other hotel after 4 days of suffering Club Quarters. How come such a great location and building can be so mismanaged? A real pitty!
bubble_10	No pillows , no bed clothes , not clean , staff rude , staff banging around outside my room from 6am laughing and joking , I got zero sleep.   Phone calls to exit my room started at 11 am , trying to work , phone rings every 10 minutes - when you leaving , when you leaving , when you leaving , I said please stop , and say I would never stay there again , staff member says 'Whatever'
bubble_30	Rooms are tiny and sparse. Clean and serviceable. First room was so small I thought I was on a boat. Location is good for business or sight seeing in the area, but not much else. It is listed as 3 star but clearly is not. Great bargain prices but just know what you are getting.
bubble_50	Convenient location, great service, helpful front desk, very clean, close to subway, quiet and very comfortable. Would return and recommend without hesitation. Restaurant was well priced, food was very good and service was respectful and timely. All around great stay.
bubble_50	I've stayed all over NY and Club Quarters had the Most Helpful, Friendly staff I've ever encountered. Rooms and Service were impeccable. Location was great for touring the City or Going out on the town. Everything you want within a 15-30 minute Subway ride or closer.
bubble_50	I've stayed at many CQ all over. By far, this is the best one yet. It has everything I need as a business traveler. It's not to often you find a hotel perfect like this one. The staff here is so amazing, keeping up the good work all.
bubble_50	Service is excellent neat and clean rooms. Service desk doing very prompt even when I asked utensils they bring it to me on right time.Location is good to reach the places World Trade Center Brooklyn bridge are walkable.
bubble_50	I have been there for work for 1 day, my family was with me.  the place is bright new,rooms are very well organized, the personnel  is extremely kind, is perfectly located also to visit downtown,  The breakfast is not included but there is the possibility to cook something with the microwavecomplementary coffee is very good
bubble_40	Good location  . Metro station, Battery park , world trade center is very close.  Clean and good size rooms and beds. Good lobby to sit and relax until check in. After checkout also hotel has facility is good to keep luggage and you can go out to see places for some time.
bubble_40	Overall I really like this CQ. Efficient staff, comfortable if slightly dated rooms. (I'd rather have no books than a Webster's dictionary on the desk shelf!) I always sleep well, and checking in and out is speedy. Wifi is excellent and simple to access. Gym is medium sized for a hotel but has the basics.   My biggest problem on my last stay was with the irons and ironing boards. Each floor has a closet where these reside, but one ironing board kept collapsing (almost broke my toe!); one iron had no working steam function; another had burnt residue on the bottom which then transferred to the shirt I had hoped to wear... (I hadn't inspected the plate of the iron before starting...) I called for assistance with this irksome problem on a few occasions, and staff were quick to
bubble_50	we booked this hotel through booking.com and upon arrival was not disappointed. The location, the cleanliness, the staff, the rooms and all the extras .. the gym and lounge room were amazing.   as this was our first trip to the big apple we were not quite sure where to go and how far everything was away from us. we had a list of what we wanted to see and honestly the first few things for example the wall street bull, battery park and the 9/11 memorial where all in walking distance. which was perfect!! we had to jump on the tube to go to times square but it was 3 or 4 stops and we were right in the middle.   the staff where all so patient with us as we were new there they pointed out places to go and what tubes to get to ensure the fastest route.   as we are from England we never
bubble_50	I needed a room in the Financial District for one night - one that was convenient to Hanover Place and Battery Park and reasonable in price. I have stayed in several Club Quarters in different areas, so I knew they are a trusted site. This hotels was quiet, very clean and comfortable. I stayed in a room with a double. It was perfect for one person or a couple. Internet was free. Each floor had a purified water set-up, too, which was nice. Cold, free water bottles. Would stay here again.
bubble_50	I stayed here for a business trip and was pleased. The location is i beleive the best location for me as i could go everywhere from here. its near by the ferry port ,WALL STREET , and there are a lot of touristy things to do. From my side i would rate them 5 star. And special thanks to the front desk Maria for the entire stay. Thankyou Club Quarters .
bubble_50	While visiting New York, I was robbed unfortunately. Nothing but my passport and a bit of cash on me, The front desk staff, Mike and Ciara helped me so much! So happy I stayed here. I will be back on my next trip to New York!! Hopefully the nightlife will be a bit kinder to me, the Hotel was great to me.
bubble_50	My fiance and I were in NYC over Memorial Day weekend to do touristy things. We loved that this location was near Wall Street, Battery Park (for the Statue of Liberty cruise), the 9/11 memorial, and the subway. The a/c was much appreciated, as was the free bottled water on each floor. The room was tiny but efficient and just what we needed. The coffee/espresso machine in the lobby was questionable at best.
bubble_50	I visited the city a year ago with a co-worker for a function and we loved our stay there. So when I had to return alone I chose Club Quarters because I felt very safe and the hotel is beautiful!! The restaurant is in the hotel so I never has to leave. The bartender in the bar was a wonderful Irish girl named Amy, she was awesome!!!
bubble_40	I stayed here for a business trip and was pleased. The location is perfect, right by Wall Street for all of ones business needs. A very practical and utilitarian room; and most importantly, clean. The rooms aren't the biggest, so they aren't able to house an iron/ironing board. You have to call the desk to get one brought up if needed. They have cereal bars/fruit/juice in the morning complimentary. And around 4,5 PM they put out some candy, peanuts, and pretzel mixes, also complimentary. A good value and option for business.
bubble_30	This hotel has great reviews.  We were looking forward to our trip.  The hotel is well located.  We appreciated the free water bottle refills, the free soft drinks, candies and snacks.  However, we were surprised with our room.  The decor is definitely dated.  We paid for a one bedroom suite (there were three of us) that included a kitchenette.  The first thing we noticed was that the glass table and mirrors were streaked.  The roll of toilet paper in the bathroom was down to a few sheets (it should have been replaced) We found a half empty pack of cigarettes in the cupboard?!  The dishes we dirty (food remained under some of the bowls) and no dishrags were provided so we had to used bath towels to clean the dishes.  The sofa bed in the living area was very uncomfortable.  Even
bubble_40	One block away from Wall Street, and an easy walk from many business venues... A good value-for-money option for business travellers.  Room was relatively small, but clean. Quite fast wifi.  Small but amenable gym.
bubble_50	Great Service by Tsering and Ciara. They were attentive to my Birthday weekend celebration.  This hotel is located in the heart of the Wall Street area.... there are plenty of views and landmarks around the area, including Wall Street, Federal Hall, etc.
bubble_40	Maybe the building and the rooms are not the newest you can find in NYC... but the quality/price ratio is absolutely good compared to the avarage offer of NYC. We spent 2 nights there and its location, close to 2 subway lines is perfect for the airport connections and also to visit the Big Apple. Quite room, very clean, everything was functioning well and the staff has been always available and nice to us.
bubble_40	This hotel was very clean, with attentive, friendly staff. The rooms were small with really high ceilings. It would have been perfect if the rooms were larger. The coffee maker downstairs makes really decent cappuccinos. I liked that they stocked the lobby with fruit and snacks throughout the day. The chilled water on each floor was also lovely.The location is nice. It's close to One World Trade Center. There's a Duane Reade, which makes finding neccessities easier. There's not a ton around, but it's close to the metro station.
bubble_40	Very clean, very professional and pleasant place to stay. For its price range, it's probably the nicest hotel I've stayed in in New York, and I've stayed in a few.   We had a family room with our teenage daughter but it was effectively split into two by a partition, and was really very spacious for a New York hotel room. I was very pleasantly surprised as the photo led me to believe it would be rather smaller.   Coffee and breakfast facilities were a little on the basic side, but given the excellent local facilities, this wasn't an issue.   This was the first time we stayed downtown, having previously always stayed in midtown. It was sometimes a bit of a schlep to get back but lower Manhattan makes for a nice change.
bubble_40	If you have been to a CQ before, you'll know exactly what to expect. Friendly and attentive front desk staff, with a hotel that is geared toward business travelers. I had a corner room which was very spacious and featured incredibly high ceilings [12+ ft.]. Smaller bathroom, with a stand-up shower, no tub. Queen size mattress which seems purposely geared toward an international clientele. Europeans would consider it somewhat soft. Americans will call it firm. No pillow tops here :) Location is great for business in the financial district, but close to so much public transit which can get you to Brooklyn or Midtown/Uptown quickly with express trains. It's even close to the PATH for those traveling to/from Newark. Not many tourists around at night which keeps things calm and
bubble_10	This place is worn out, smells, looks like a college dorm room. Really, it is pretty disgusting. Pillows smell; the one chair is frayed and should be tossed.  Bed is lumpy and uncomfortable.  Spend a little more and enjoy NYC,  Amenities are substandard, compared to Marriott Fairfield Inns.
bubble_30	My company chose this hotel because of its proximity to our meeting location. Baileys restaurant is accessible from the hotel and serves decent food. Room was basic, comes with a king sized bed, single arm chair, table & writing materials, tv, coffee (regular and decaf) & coffee machine and a small cupboard. Shower amenities were less than basic as there were only a bar of soap, shampoo, conditioner and body moisturiser. No toothbrush, shower foam, and razor for men travellers.  While breakfast was not provided, they had energy bar and coffee at the lounge in the morning and snacks in the afternoon.  What i think could be improved is to have a ramp at the doorway as the hotel lobby is accessible via a set of stairs which is daunting if you have heavy luggage, and service to call
bubble_30	This place was selected by my husband's employer because of the proximity their NYC location. Initially, I was very skeptical of its location suitability for me as an accompanying tourist. However, I was completely wrong on this account. The location is idea; it is far enough away from the constant noise and throngs of people in Times Square area yet convenient to subway access to get anywhere you want to go in a reasonable amount of time. The location is the best thing about the hotel.  Another plus is the hotel restaurant, The Bailey Pub. Unlike a lot of hotel restaurants, this one provides very good food as well as convenience. Service is friendly and  quick even when they are busy. Beer selection is wide and varied. Full-service bar and even room service are available.
bubble_40	This is a very comfortable hotel situated in the Financial District. For the business traveler  that needs to be close to the NYSE is a perfect place. It has everything you need, a desk, Internet. The hotel is very clean, and has very good beds. It is also very quiet.
bubble_50	This is a great downtown hotel. Booked it last minute so I wasn't sure what to expect but overall very pleased. It was clean, staff was friendly, and it was comfortable. Head to Stone Street if you are looking to eat or drink a bit. Some local restaurants etc were closed because wall street is more of a weekday crowd but we didn't mind. I liked that it was quiet and away from the madness a bit. I'd definitely stay here again!
bubble_40	This is a very good hotel, great location, clean, efficient and at a very reasonable price. Host were very nice and very pleasant to work with. I made a mistake on my reservation, they very understanding and helped me get the right reservation. our receptionist TSering was amazing and very accommodative.
bubble_40	The Club Quarters Hotel is a good hotel, and have a good price on the weekend. Is a good option if you're a tourist and want to enjoy the lower-Manhattan or Business in Wall Street. If you're a tourist like me You can go to the memorial of 11/09, the observatory, take a boat and to visit the Statue of Liberty. On the weekend the streets are very calm complety different the week.
bubble_30	This hotel has quiet rooms that are clean and efficient. The location is great if you want to be close to Wall St. Pricing compared to other great hotels nearby (such as Gild Hall) is far too high for what it offers. Staff is generally friendly. No place to be visited twice.
bubble_50	Nice hotel, got a good rate, rooms are more the size of hotel rooms you would see in Europe but plenty big for the two of us.  Staff was very helpful.  We find that staying in southern Manhattan is more peaceful than midtown.  Plenty of restaurant choices, Southport is nearby.
bubble_40	The location is easy to get to and located close to Wall Street. A bunch of restaurants are within walking distance as well as the seaport. The room was great for 1 person and the bed was very comfortable. The shower has great pressure.   The staff was great. I came in around 8am and the room wasn't ready so they moved my room so i could check in. Checkout was really easy and they hold you bags.
bubble_50	Great location. Nice rooms. Staff superb! Mike Tsering (sp?) did an outstanding job helping and making sure I had a quality room. Thanks! I've had several stays here and have always enjoyed it. Easy walking distance to eats, etc...
bubble_40	I've stayed at this Club Quarters 4-5 times over the last 7 years and it has become a favorite. The rooms and beds are comfortable and the surrounding area is relatively quiet at night (less so in 2016 than in 2009, but still quieter than most midtown hotels). The rates -- especially if you book via Priceline's or Hotwire's opaque sites -- are very reasonable, especially for NY. (I've paid under $100 per night at times -- weekends tend to be cheaper than weeknights). The hotel has reliable wifi and a lot of little amenities (chilled water and bottles, snacks, free laundry -- but only 1 washer and dryer) that are nice to have. The staff is friendly. It is just around the corner from one subway line and only 1-2 blocks from two others. It's also very close to the pedestrian area
bubble_50	Clean, quiet room at an excellent rate. The bed was comfortable and HD TV and complimentary wifi were available. I ordered room service from the cafe in the lobby of the hotel and the Bailey Burger was excellent.
bubble_50	What a pleasant surprise to walk into Club Quarters 52 William St. Financial District.  Staff - Attentive & helpful even offering map! Thanks Iris. Location - Wall Street & Uptown Subway(#2 or #3 train to Times Square - 20 mins) are few steps from hotel. Restaurants, Delis, Bakeries plentiful. Facility/Accommodations - 20 floors, 4 fast elevators. Small narrow lobby leads to welcoming computer area with fireplace, TV, comfortable chairs/tables, & free coffee. Room 1209 kitchen suite spacious & airy, fine heat/ac, quiet, clean. Free water refill machines located on each floor. Free excellent WiFi - Overall, one of my most pleasant stays in NYC.
bubble_30	Dirty bathrooms I hate them... So there was hair on the back wall & I look up & see dust in the vents.. I didn't like this hotel at all its more like an efficiency.. For it 2 be a 4 star I expected more the only good thing about the hotel they let u stay till 3pm for $50 more.. Afternoon & morning staff was great the overnight lady at the front desk wasn't to nice... Beds are comfortable that's about it... I was there this pass weekend...
bubble_50	Myself and a group of friends recently stayed at Club Quarters, Wall Street. The service we received from Jordan P. was FIVE STAR.  WE had many questions daily about the subway, restaurants and the surrounding neighborhoods. All of the advice that he gave us was spot on! He never once seemed like he was bothered to answer our MANY questions and was very professional and personable. I travel to New York every year for vacation and have stayed in many different hotels. The rooms at Club Quarters were larger than standard hotels rooms in NYC.  I especially liked its close proximity to the subway and nice restaurants. The view of the Freedom Tower from our room was breathtaking  !!   I am looking forward to visiting NYC again and staying at this fabulous hotel........and of course
bubble_40	We spent 5 nights in Club Quarters at the end of March.   When we first got to our room I was a little disappointed, as the room wasn't quite what I'd expect from a 4*, it was just a bit basic. However it was all very clean, the hotel offered a lot of little extras, like the opportunity to use the laundry facilities for free, bottles of water to take away and snacks and drinks in reception. The wifi was very good. The staff were all friendly and helpful and the location was handy, close to the subway and various cafes for breakfast etc.   For our trip to New York this was a great option and we'd definitely choose this hotel again.
bubble_50	I spent the week of April 4th at club quarters  and was pleasantly surprised. The rooms are larger than expected  (most nyc hotel rooms are quite small). Well kept, very clean and really enjoyed the closets on each floor that stock everything you might need on a stay. The front desk staff was very helpful and pleasant. I have spent 3 times the rate on hotels nearby and would recommend club quarters above the rest.
bubble_50	So in the Midwest we like SPACE. Thus, NYC can be a little trying. This hotel was spacious (even by my standards), very, very conveniently located, and on par with other hotel costs in Manhattan with better amenities.  The staff was prompt, friendly, and helpful. I came in tired and left refreshed. I would stay again in a heartbeat.
bubble_50	This hotel is really a gem, and I'm happy I found this as an Express Deal on Priceline.  I prefer to stay away from the hustle and bustle, and this hotel suits that bill.  It's not so far away that you're spending exorbitant amounts of time getting the the "touristy" stuff, it was 15 minutes max to Times Square, and it was one straight train, no transferring.  I honestly have no cons when it comes to the hotel so I'll list all of my pros below.   1) Around the corner from a Subway stop. 2) Not too busy of a location, and easy to get to Uptown. 3) Cute little delis, and cafes in the neighborhood, and Dunkin Donuts was around the corner from the door. 4) A $20 Subway card lasted me from Thursday night until getting back to JFK Sunday evening.        5) The offer free refillable
bubble_50	My husband, my two sons, and I  stayed in the superior room, which to our delight was a corner room, for several days! Our miniature apartment was very clean and spacious. The  staff, Ciara and Anthony was very accommodating anytime we inquired about local information or requested extra blankets or towels. It was walking distance (minutes) to the 911 Memorial, Hudson River, and Battery Park to the Statue of Liberty. The Bailey Pub, a restaurant adjacent to the hotel, we ate there twice. The staff remembered us from the previous nite and a dessert was on the house! Starbucks and Duane readers are literally located on every corner! Our experience and stay was awesome!!!
bubble_40	Great location for the wall street, downtown area. Near restaurants and sightseeing locations. Hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful. Rooms are clean and comfortable. The kitchenettes are stocked.
bubble_20	i stayed here for just two nights, i made plans to go to new york city last minute and booked this hotel on hotwire. the location is great, the room was decently comfortable, it was just fine for my brief stay in nyc. though, since i booked it on hotwire, i had prepaid the room, yet there's a pending charge on my credit card. why? i have called the hotel and am waiting for them to call back. really not impressed.
bubble_50	I have no complaints regarding this hotel it was absolutely perfect for my stay.   Location: Though this is farther downtown than a lot of standard tourist attractions, it is incredibly well connected. The subway stop that is around the corner services lines 2 and 3 that will take you uptown directly or with a quick connection at another station. Usually, staying in Midtown means paying an arm and a leg and/or staying in Times Square which is a nightmare. This hotel is well connected, quieter, and less of a tourist-only area. This is a great location if you plan to go on the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island tour, take the Staten Island Ferry, or want to hang in Battery Park.   Room: I was in what I assume is the most basic room and on the fourth floor of the hotel. The room is
bubble_20	First off, zero complaints about the staff or management - everything was fine and there is an effort to provide every amenity that is to be expected and reduce hassle. The room was clean, the gym was fine, the wifi worked, the TVs worked great, there were coffeemakers in the rooms and snacks in the lobby. And, if you want to stay near Wall Street, you can't get much closer. BUT this is inescapably a third rate hotel until it gets renovated. The rooms are small, the walls are thin, the doors are flimsy, the carpet, curtains and fixtures are dated, and I rarely did my shower have hot water. My king bed was 2 twins pulled together. These are the kind of things no one can really help you with during your stay; the place just needs renovating.
bubble_30	Location is great if you're looking for something in Lower Manhattan/Financial District. Hotel is dated and rooms were even more so. Hotel staff was friendly and inviting - no complaints there.   I got a super rate through Priceline for 4 nights and saved about $200/night compared to if I booked directly through the hotel. My particular room on the 7th floor did not have any view - nor any natural light. That kinda sucked because it made it hard to wake up in the mornings. The hotel is 20 stories so I'm sure there are some great views to be found in some units.   The room size was fine, but the bathroom was small and there was hardly any counter space and the shower barely fits one. Water pressure and temperature were perfect though.   For the rate I got, I might stay here again
bubble_30	We were supposed to get a large room that sleeps 5, a 2 bedroom suite.  First, we had to wait because the room wasn't ready, and then it turned into the fact that our room was never going to be ready.  So they had to split our family up into two rooms.  We were close to being late for our Broadway show that evening.  Added a lot of extra stress overall to our family's first trip to New York City.  Michael, at the front desk, was very nice and helpful and offered some extras to make up for the inconvenience.
bubble_40	Hotel was clean and functional, rooms small but didnt expect anything else.  Didn't try much of the hotels services, but at least Wifi was working very well even with a fully booked hotel. Location perfect for southern Manhattan and Wall Street subway stn within 50 meters.  Only stayed one night but would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	Hotel obviously doesn't believe in fabric softener. Sheets, comforter and towels were rough. Getting in between the sheets was like sleeping in b/w sheets of sand paper. Try to get room away from the THREE elevators that are always going. Great location and nice staff. It works for us as it is on the same block as my boyfriends office and close to subway. Hotel is more for business then anything else. Small and to the point. No fluffy stuff.
bubble_30	The location and staff were great. We were able to check in early too. They gave local recommendations. I stayed two nights. When I woke up Saturday morning I noticed right away both my lower legs in the exact same spot opposite each other has red bites or a rash? I checked the sheets and mattress but nothing stood out. I will say my friend and I shared a room and the bed and she had nothing on her. So if I were bitten I don't know why it would be just me.
bubble_30	A good choice for someone looking to stay close to the 9/11 Memorial or Wall Street. If you are a first time traveler to the big apple, you will be needing to go on the subway or taking cab very often. Rooms are small, however you will find a small microwave and fridge.   Our room has impregnated with a cheap perfume smell...no fun.  They offered free breakfast and refillable water bottles. I will look for a different choice in my next trip to the big apple.
bubble_50	Good value. The location is just off wall street so good for Southern tip of Manhattan, Wall St, Liberty Island etc... There is a subway a few feet away which gets you straight to Times Sq. if you want Midtown. The rooms are basic but nice enough, irons & boards, extra pillows etc all in a closet in the hallway - water dispenser in the hallway with takeaway bottles (nice touch). Sound proofing in rooms pretty good (noise from next door was really loud in the hallway but in my room I could barely hear a thing) - Don't know who that was in room 1312 March 13th but sir I salute you.   One warning though - cabs can be hard to find this far south and if you are spending all your time in Midtown then cabs will rack the price up and you'd be better off spending more and staying up that
bubble_40	Booked this hotel as it seemed appropriately priced compared to similar hotels in midtown but this was of a higher standard . Room was reasonably sized but was on the 3rd floor by the front which seemed quite noisy from 6am onwards . Air con and heating in the room was a bit annoying due to the noise but generally was good. Really nice bar attached to hotel but a bit pricey then again it is Wall Street. Location was really close to the subway for midtown and plenty of bars and entertainment nearby so you don't have to go far if you don't want. For the price fairs fair.
bubble_30	My first impression was this a great property and the location is stellar... Really a stone throw from Wall Street. Anthony checked me in and he was exceptional. He was cordial, professional and a great front desk representation of the property. My stay however got ugly when multiple charges started appearing on my business credit card! I was furious and what made me very more upset was the fact that I was not even called about the errors or even apologized to until I made a big fuss about the entire ordeal and instead of immediate correcting this, they claimed the person responsible was off on the weekend and would immediately fix on her return Monday. Well this did not happen, she did it on Tuesday and has yet to even reach out. I wouldn't say all negative things because there
bubble_40	A good choice to explore the southern Manhattan, within walking distance: Wall St, New York stock exchange, the 911 Memorial, World Trade Center, Woolworth Bldg, Brooklyn bridge, Charging Bull on Broadway, as well as the Battery park, where you can on the ferry to get to the Statue of Liberty. Near the hotel Wall St subway station and Fulton St (line A, is a little further, 15 minutes walk from the hotel ) by providing direct access to the airport . Great Wi-FI
bubble_10	I stayed there for one day and I checked in before one hour in room  but they charged me $50 more extra form me . I didn't see anywhere that they charged extra money   check in room before one hour . That's service Not good .
bubble_40	Stayed on a Saturday night.  Arrived early to the hotel, around eleven a.m., and we were lucky enough to go right to our room.  Room was big enough for two people who like each other.  Everything worked.  The front desk was friendly and helpful.  The lobby was a stopping off place, not a staying place, because the furniture is made from some rocklike material.  Free tea in the lobby.  "Business center."  Didn't take advantage of the other facilities onsite, so we have no opinion of them.  Loved the location for doing other in the Wall Street area.  Basically, no complaints!  I haven't seen the fifty dollars charged to my card for "incidentals" returned to my card yet and it's three days later.  They can take it immediately but it takes days to return it.  Well, it's Wall Street
bubble_50	Can't believe I found this gem of a hotel on Groupon.  $99/night in the financial district.  Can't beat the price.  Easy check-in thanks to Sayring and Mike.  Easy access to a couple different subway lines if you want to scoot around the city.  Comfortable bed.  Hot shower.  There is a local store for some quick snacks/drinks to bring back to the hotel.  Didn't look around the area for things to do and places to eat, but I'm sure they are there.  Highly recommended.
bubble_30	Was staying at this hotel during one of my business trips and actually the hotel is quite good.  One problem I had is that I needed to wait 15 (!) mins for hot water in the bathroom. Which is not good when you want to go to work on time in the morning... The bar downstairs is quite good as well. Would recommend to have breakfast there. What I really liked is the hall downstairs with confy chairs and good coffee automat :)
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I had been walking through the city all day when it was 2 degrees outside. After finishing our tourists checklist we were desperate for a warm place to stay. Club Quarters was conveniently in the area and was very accomodsting. We were given a nice corner room suite which was uniquely laid out and was very classy we had a nice view of the city and we were only on the 6th floor. The service was great too. I brought down a bottle of wine and the front desk lent me a bottle opener to use. Great location and a good price for the area.
bubble_40	Me and my wife spent one night in the hotel. I was surprised to find this hotel for the price we paid (No breakfast included). The location is perfect (Just one block away from the Wall Street subway station). Also, walking distance to the 9-11 Memorial Towers. The building is nice (20 stories). The rooms are not too big, but so well designed that you have space for everything. Very nice, clean, and updated. Nice bed, flat TV, and even KEURIG coffee machine in the room. Check-in was very fast, but no so friendly .... just cold (I don't understand why people in the check-in desk is not always smiling). I got the impression that the person who checked me in was like "covering" the real check-in guy ... whatever. The check-out also very quick and friendly (Yeah! ... She smiled at
bubble_20	So I came back home to visit family for the weekend we decide to book a room for Valentine's day took Uber all the way from Westchester  $56 one way so we can be there in time for check in and to my surprise the computer was broken we stood by the counter for 5mins before anyone even acknowledged us the lady at the front desk didn't even look up  I think it was the computer guy who decided to tell us the computer is down after rolling his eyes they just told us to go sit in the lounge which may I add had no heat they claimed there was coffee but the machine wasn't working, no water nothing else..... they stated it would be 15mins turned out to be an hour and they did not even have a system to have us check in when the computer finally came up they dude gave out numbers but did
bubble_20	We stayed in the suite with the separate living room and bedroom. The place is way overpriced for what you get.  The room was too cold and the heater didnt work well at all. When we called to tell them they said they were aware that the heater blows out cold air when turned on high! They were unhelpful and so the room was freezing all night.  The bedsheets were horribly rough and felt like sandpaper as well.  Very happy we only stayed one night and spent the rest of the time in a better and cheaper hotel!
bubble_50	The hotel was near my meeting and in a great location.  It was clean, it had that CQ design, the reception people were friendly, I slept well, the chilled water was good, I was there for 9 hours....it hit the spot! I also had breakfast next door which was a bit pricey but not bad. It looked like it would be a good bar actually but was too early for a beer!
bubble_50	Excellent hotel for service. Great service at the desk for signing in from Tsering. Very quickly received my key for getting to my room. Tsering was very friendly and cheerful. Would recommend to others.
bubble_40	Spent a week, which coincided and included a weekend when NYC suffered its second heaviest snow in history. Throughout, CQ stayed open, staff were at work, friendly, enjoying the experience. Rooms are typical CQ, so try and get a bigger one than the usual Club room, especially if staying for a while. Water was not very hot on first day, asked reception and it was immediately fixed. Ideal for business in the financial district.
bubble_10	Poor management.  Please be mindful that any establishment is only as strong as it's weakest, unresolved customer complaint. What I experienced at Club Quarters- Wall Street, could very well happen to you. It is in the act of providing quality customer service at the point of need or dissatisfaction which is a true measure of that service and a commitment to basic customer relations.  Case in point: We stayed at this location on Saturday, January 16th with plans to attend the Winter Jazz Festival in Greenwich Village. There is no doorman, so we parked directly outside the hotel's front door (on an otherwise deserted street) to unload our baggage and check in at the front desk, prior to parking in the recommended garage 2 blocks away. When we returned to our vehicle after no more
bubble_40	Upon our arrival to the hotel, we were greeted and welcomed by Tsering, who was kind and helpful. He even checked us in early, because there were rooms available, and he didn't want us to have to wait.   The rooms were pleasant and clean, with access to fresh purified water on each floor. We were very pleased with how friendly and accommodating the staff was and would definitely recommend this hotel to others. The location was great too, as we were able to easily walk to the nearby sites.  There were always complimentary beverages and snacks, 24/7, in the lobby too!
bubble_30	I travel A LOT. I'm sorry to say that this is my first review. Unfortunately, my writing of this review is prompted by seeing another reviewer's negative comments regarding the manager at this location. I confess that I'm writing this just for the opportunity to echo those negative sentiments and vent my own.  I have stayed in the Wall Street area many times. Can't say that it's an exciting area to visit and hang out. If you are staying on Wall St, though, I'm assuming you have business in the area. If so, this location is great. Club Quarters always puts you right in the meat things. From CQ of Wall St you could just about throw a rock at the NYSE, assuming you play ball professionally that is.  Beautiful historic building. Like many older buildings though, the rooms are a bit
bubble_40	Overall I really like this hotel (as well as CQ's in general), -but--- the manager here, Rhadames Lassis, is just about the rudest person I have ever had the misfortune of dealing with, and that's anywhere, not just in hotels. Even my Drill Sergeant in the Army treated me with more respect. This is a person who should not have any client interactions, let alone be in the HOSPITALITY business.  I guess I'm skipping ahead - I have used several of CQ's locations, they are all very nice, very clean. They have lots of nice friendly little touches that make your stay better. Free bottled water (you fill the bottles yourself though, you'll see) can soda, coffee, light snacks, fruits, etc... all included. Nice lounge area to either meet ppl or just chill. I like taking the bottles
bubble_50	Having arrived here by way of priceline there was some hesitance as to the experience to come.  We were pleasantly surprised.  There is a professional and yet warm welcome at the reception, where the ladies give a definite feeling of concern for your stay.  They kindly directed us to the lounge where one can partake of cappuccino, cafe au lait, various tisanes.  The lodging itself was very nice.  There was something austere about the living room, like a business meeting room, but besides that all the appointments were there.  A beautiful restroom and large enough shower.  The bed was comfy and all was in order.  Club Quarters should be lauded for the ample supply closet in the hallway, with just enough extra coffee or creamer (a pet peeve, as hotels don't seem to give more than
bubble_50	Great hotel even better staff Maria n Iris are simply great truly an asset to club quarter!!!!! Highly recommend in nyc plus great restaurants in area n close to subways can't wait to go back!!!! Also loved the shower attachment n free coffee in room!!!!
bubble_40	We stayed here Saturday night, 1/16/16. The staff was welcoming & friendly, especially Anthony. He allowed us to check in when we arrived, which was well before check-in time. The room was clean & bright, bedding comfortable. Fresh brewed coffee was available off the lobby area, as well as Keurigs in the room.
bubble_50	Great stay ! Iris and Ciara were very pleasant and even upgraded us to asuite which was WONDERFUL! Very nice for NY ! With a great view ! Definitely will come back ! Very close to the subway which was convenient ! Restaurant in the hotel has the best chicken fingers I ever had !!
bubble_50	My partner and I are loyalists to the St. Regis and the Four Seasons. Due to unforeseen circumstances our reservations were canceled and with no availability. We decided to experiment with the Club Quarters because of the convenient location. We were blown away! For starters Iris was exceptional! Very friendly, personal able, and efficient. I came to celebrate my birthday dinner and Iris went above and beyond to send me a special treat! Truly grateful Iris! Personal touches like that develop that loyal long term relationship. My partner and I are both executives for major corporations and travel over 250 days a year and by far that has been the most personable and touching experience. We will return. I would definitely take care of Iris she's absolutely exceptional. A reward, a
bubble_50	staff at this hotel were amazing. they were very helpful, courteous and professional. the room was a little small but clean and neat, however it was also affrodable. the free purified water is always a plus!! views are not the best, but its very close to ground zero and lots of restaurants
bubble_50	This place was beautiful. We stayed NYE and my husband lost his wallet in a cab the front desk was very friendly in helping us get in contact with the cab company because we are from PA & I had never been to NY. The room was a bit small but we didn't need a huge room it was still very nice. They had a Keurig in the room with Kcups.  Super cheap for NYE will stay again!!!!
bubble_10	Who takes two twin beds, pushes them together, slaps bedding on them and calls it a double... CLUB QUARTERS DOES! And, to top it off both beds were as stiff as boards. This has got the be the worst night's sleep I've ever had. I am so disappointed!   And that's not my only critic of this hotel. Dark, dank, moderately cleaned room with ripped furnishings and barely operable heater. Sadly they hotel also features customer service-less front desk staff. This was my first and last experience with this hotel. I won't return.
bubble_30	The Club looks nice from the outside, have a great bar next to the hotel with an internal conection. The rooms are ok, but sometimes we wake up and there was just one cloth for but of us (it happen like 3 times in a week). They have like a coffee and snack free zone, but snack were out always and it was regular that milk and glasses were out too. The service is slow and to call to reception carzy because the recepcionists never pick up. No guards or security at the entrance. No parking lots. Corridors, rooms and bathrooms pretty tiny. The prices ok but they could do it so much better. The breakfast is not regulary included and is really no good. I reccommend it if you plan to vacate or for doing bussiness, and you wont require to be too much time in the hotel.
bubble_50	Found this hotel on booking.com great location for the metro station amazing food at a great price for new york. Very helpful and friendly staff. Room a very good size for area well layout with all we needed . If good back to new york would stay here again
bubble_30	We booked this hotel for a 4 night stay in December. I have only visited New York the once so unable to compare to other hotels in the city. However, the room looked nothing like the pictures and was really dated and looked grubby (although was clean). I did not feel like I was in a 4 star hotel. We had a tiny corner room which had little light and a extremely small bathroom. There was also a terrible buzzing noise all through the night which we assumed was the air con unit. Whilst the beds were comfy and the room clean, I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. I would recommend the bar attached which was cosy and reasonably priced.
bubble_30	I chose the Club Quarters Wall Street for a one-night stay due to its proximity to our NY office. The location in Downtown is excellent in particular if you are there for business. Check-in late in the evening was fast and easy. The room however was a disappointment, especially at a $300+ price tag. I expected it to be small so no surprise here, but the furniture and carpet were quite worn out, with battered edges etc. The lighting was uncomfortable until I pulled the plug on the wall-mounted neon uplight. The bathroom was small and functional but more on 3-star hotel level. The bed however was fine and comfortable, and I slept well. Overall not an experience to repeat.
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel due to the price break of staying in the financial district instead of closer to the mid-town tourist attractions. We were about a block away from the Stock Exchange and about 4 blocks from the "bull" but it is a bit of a hike or subway ride anywhere else. Not the greatest selection of restaurants that offer counter service near buy, but I loved Jersey Mike's sub about a block away.  For the hotel itself, nothing spectacular about the lobby or check in desk, very average, but we paid for the upgrade to a 1 bed room suite. the room was huge by New York standards, but instead of a king bed, it was a double bed, so I am not sure if this is normal for the hotel, but we didn't get a king bed despite the advertised King Suite, it was a suit but the bed was a
bubble_50	My wife and I spent a few days at New Year in New York and I booked this hotel as a low cost base with fairly basic functional expectations. It far exceeded that in that the location is excellent for Subway use. Literally only a few hundred feet from Uptown access. The room was very clean and had all necessary features. Loved the help yourself closet where pillows, ironing and Purified water were all on tap. The restaurant was of an excellent standard , we had one evening meal and one breakfast.  Superb. Ultra friendly, helpful staff.  Thanks
bubble_40	It was a great location regarding being in nyc. We needed help a couple of times and Carlos made us feel at home, we recommend staying at this hotel great transportation around, Wall Street is one of the best areas to be in nyc.
bubble_50	Chose this based on recommendations by my fellow tripadvisors so knew it would be good, and it was.  Rooms are not massive and bathrooms definitely small but perfectly clean and modern.  The free water in help-yourself bottles is a stroke of genius, and not something that I have seen before.   Staff were welcoming and friendly and check in and out was quick and efficient.  Some nice quirky touches to the dcor and literally a few paces from the subway that took you up town.  Really good value for money, will definitely look to stay in another one of these hotels if I am in another town that has one.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed for 2 nights at this Hotel. Nothing wrong to be said. The room and bathroom were very clean. Quite place, the service Was great at all level, from front desk to the room service. We came early in the morning. They kept our luggages until around 5 pm for free, that Was awsome! They Did the same thing when we checked out!!!! Eould definitely recommand Club Quarter to anyone. Safe neighbourhood!!!
bubble_50	Stayed Dec 18-20th 2015.  Great spot to stay.  Close to the subways 2 and 3 and J and Z and any others you want to transfer to.  Wanted to visit National Archives and was close to walk.  Visited China Town and Eataly.  Had a great time all around.  Staff is remarkable.  Such a help with directions and anything else.  Was our wedding anniversary and they complimented us with a bottle of wine and chocolates.  Very nice touch.  Also put us up on the 20th floor.  Elevators in this place are speedy,  never had to wait.  Coffee machine is awesome too.  Best reason to stay is the staff and their service.  My complements to each and everyone who assisted us while we stayed.  To management,  they all deserve a bonus.....
bubble_40	I have stayed in this hotel numerous times. The location is great for business in lower Manhattan but also for exploring this area of the city. With mid-town being only 10 minutes away by subway from Wall St. station, for example, it is also quick and easy to explore further afield. The rooms are small but sufficient for business travel. They have always been clean and well serviced during my stays. No hesitation in returning here in the future.
bubble_50	I've stayed at the club quarters wall street the past three years for work/holidays parties in nyc. The staff are great, location is convent and price is affordable forates nyc at the holidays.  It's the hat trick for me.
bubble_50	Great little hotel. Front desk was polite and professional. Ciara and Maria awesome!!! They were helpful always with a smile. Love the coffee,expresso machine and the available snacks. Easy access to the subway.
bubble_40	The service here is fantastic, starting from before we got here. Needed to make changes to my trip date and Christina was great in helping me out by allowing me to change my booking to the following weekend. Service upon arrival was very welcoming (Iris), room was ready early so we were able to check in and enjoy the rest of our day! Free bottled water on each floor, free Wifi, free coffee and snacks...you don't get much for free in NYC so it was a nice surprise! Room was perfect, just what we needed. Thanks for a great stay!!
bubble_50	First time but not my last. I will come back again for sure. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. There is free coffee and soda in the club room. Iris and Ciara at the front desk were energetic and friendly even at 730AM which is awesome for such a time. The room was on the small side but that is expected for NY. I will be back for sure. Only problem i would say is there is only stairs to go up to the front desk and with heavy luggage thats a problem. Iris showed no hesitation to help me in the morning and also show me Leo's Bagel!! A must go when visiting. Thanks again. See you soon.
bubble_50	We visited Club Quarters Wall Street on a business trip early December, 2015.  Our flight arrived at 9:30 AM.  Check-in was not until 3 PM.  Upon entering the hotel my 6 guests were greeted by front desk employee "Anthony".  We were tired and anxious to get to our rooms and expected there was nothing available until 3 PM.  Anthony said "no worries.  I will get you comfortable."  Anthony immediately searched his data base and found 2 rooms that had been serviced and were ready for guests.  He gave us those rooms, time to freshen up and then an excellent recommendation for lunch.  We are in the customer service business and if I had 12 Anthony's on staff, we would be a Fortune 500 company !  Kudos to services at Club Quarters Wall Street !
bubble_50	I come here for work often, and I just love the location! Lots of places to walk nearby so that you can always find something to do or eat. About a 15 minute walk to the 9/11 memorial. The hotel offers free snacks and an amazing coffee machine in their lounge area. The rooms are a bit small but that's normal for Club Quarters. I find that their Guest Request Closet is extremely useful at times during my trips. And free purified water on every floor, so thankful!
bubble_50	It was my first time to stay at a downtown hotel hiding in one of the corners of the compact Wall Street area as I had always stayed at a hotel in Midtown in the past whenever  in NYC. To my surprise, it turned out to be a gem and nice catch. The subway station 2 or 3 is a stone's throw away. I stayed there during the Thanksgiving weekend and the area was quiet which gave me a sense of tranquility unlike the mess, crowds and noise found in Midtown area. We got up on Thanksgiving Day morning and took a stroll around the area which was so refreshing and mind calming before attending a Thanksgiving feast at my good friend's home. The facilities of the hotel are adequate and they provide complimentary coffee and tea at the lounge area which is a plus side. The staff who we met were
bubble_50	Great location,friendly staff. Tsesing and Michael very helpful when needed to organise some documents. Well located close to Wall Street, statute of Liberty, 911 memorial and very handy to metro station to get around New Yorkand all it has to offer. Well set up for business traveller also with gym and laundry plus business centre
bubble_40	Clean rooms, courteous staff, and close to public transportation. The rooms tend to be a bit larger than most New York City hotel rooms. The beds are comfortable and I always sleep well here .  It has everything I need for a comfortable stay and is a good business travelers hotel room .  I have stayed here before and will stay here again.  It is in a quiet part of the city and I always sleep well here.
bubble_50	Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street is located in Wall Street (duh) and it is very convenient. You will see why when you look at the map as it is less than a minute away from the Wall Street metro station on Line 2 and 3. I repeat, LESS THAN A MINUTE AWAY.   And even if your destination is not on Line 2/3, walk for three to five minutes and you will see Fulton Street station which has more lines  (A/C/J/Z/2/3/4/5) on it that will definitely include where you want to go.  Its interiors are nice and clean. They also have a gym for anyone who want to keep on carrying out their routine. Moreover, water bottler machines are available so that you can get a bottle of chilled water before venturing into NYC.   Most importantly, it offers a reasonable price for a hotel being in downtown and,
bubble_50	Our experience at your club quarters was a much better one than Rockefeller Center rooms were clean staff was exquisitely helpful and polite I would definitely stay at your location again and so will our friends and family that were with us thank you
bubble_50	Very nice hotel, very clean. We had a suite which was very roomy with several windows that made it light and airy. Hotel staff was very friendly. Restaurant on ground floor was very nice. Location was great, easy access to the subway.
bubble_50	I checked in at the Club Quarters Hotel for my 21st birthday a few weeks ago and I was greeted by the best front desk agents: Ciara and Iris. They told upgraded my room, sent me the sweetest note saying Happy Birthday with other amenities and truly made my birthday weekend one to remember. As a person who works at the front desk in a hotel, they truly provided exceptional service :)
bubble_50	I am so happy about my experience in this hotel Staff is very friendly and professional. They really know how to do business. I arrived early and they did let me check in with no additional charge. The room was very clean, and finally I could find a room with good pillows. See my pictures below. The room has a good Home system you can sync with your android or apple device and a 40" TV with all the major American Channels. An Iron board can be provided under request.   The hotel also gives you the possibility to leave luggage and pick them up at your convenience before leaving the city. Additionally, there is a conference room (second floor with restrooms). This is a plus if you need a restroom to change or refresh yourself before leaving.  Subway is literally on the corner, in
bubble_40	It's right by Wall Street so this location is used to catering to upscale clientele, which you can tell by their level of service.  The area (Financial/Wall St) isn't far from the more happening spots like East Village and Williamsburg and the restaurant next door is pretty good too!  They also offer complimentary, chilled purified water so that's a plus!  Iris at the front desk was particularly helpful and if the rest of the staff is anything like her then I got no problem recommending this place to everyone.
bubble_40	Great location, comfortable and clean. Right in the heart of the financial district, a 5 minute walk from the World Trade Centre memorial, easy access to the metro. Great pub/restaurant with excellent food right next door. All in all a great hotel!
bubble_50	Stayed in club quarters wAll street.. Great location and more importantly great service and staff! Received a lot of help and guidance from Iris and Tsering! Also gained some good quality wifi and tips!!
bubble_50	First time staying at this place, it's great!!! Excellent wifi and service with a smile and best of all cooperate staff to be honest the most friendliest I've met in a while! Thanks Iris, Ciara and Mike
bubble_40	This was the second time I've stayed at a 'Club Quarters' hotel (see previous review of Club Quarters in Houston TX).   I have to credit this chain on twice more than meeting expectations. I arrived before the official check in time and was given a room no problem. Unfortunately the room I was given had a constant loud noise outside from air conditioning units. I requested a change and was given a new room which was much quieter. The whole process of handling that was dealt with in a very friendly and professional way. Extra points to the staff here.  The room I was eventually given was clean, spacious, and quiet. The wifi immediately connected - with no complicated signing in procedures and was reliable and fast. There was free water bottles and water available on every floor
bubble_40	Not a "wow" or boutique feel to it, but certainly clean and honest. I'd stay here on business or if you want a good value. But I would probably look elsewhere if you're interested in romance or an inspiring feel.   Rooms are a bit small and no view out the windows to talk about.   Location for Wall Street is excellent.
bubble_50	An excellent stay at the Club Quarters Wall Street with Elvis, Ciara and Mike whom were of great assistance.   Ran into a jam due to last minute extension of stay and needed same day dry cleaning and they were more than accommodating.                       My room was clean and the furnishings looked relatively new. My view was of a brick wall but that's to be expected staying in standard guest room in NYC.
bubble_30	The hotel is 5 minutes away from subway station, there are a lot of restaurants around, the area is great in general. Room was smallish and dark. Loud aircon but that's the problem of the most american hotels.  Service was not nice - it was hard to get someone on phone when we called to the reception. And when I asked to order me a taxi the receptionist said I should go out and get one on the street by myself (though 4 hours earlier they happily ordered taxi for my husband who was going to the airport to different flight).
bubble_50	I had booked this hotel for two nights due to its location which is in the heart of New York . I booked and extended my stay  for  another night using an online site. However  due to some technical glitch my stay got reserved for a future date and not the immediate night however the Concierge incharge at the hotel Mr. Tsering jris was kind enough to make my stay for the third nite entirely complimentary . Wonderful experience and great hospitality!
bubble_40	Stayed at the Club Quarters on my latest trip to NYC. Found the hotel through Booking.com + the price was right. Spent less than $700 (with tax + fees) for three nights + four days. The location is super close to a number of subway stops. The 2, 3 is less than a block away, the 4, 5, R, J + Z are close, too.   The room was nice + comfortable. The toilet was a little loud. We enjoyed the chilled filtered water outside our door, the snacks downstairs + the printer.   We did have an issue with our room but the staff handled it quickly + they were very professional. We definaltly will stay here again.
bubble_40	If you need to be near Wall Street, you couldn't find a more convenient hotel. The rooms, like many in a major city, are small, but clean and comfortable. The staff came three or four times to help me weigh my suitcase before a multi-leg trip. I like the feature of having cold bottled water constantly available.
bubble_50	I've stayed a few times at QC and love it. This time I brought our two girls and stayed in the suite on the 19 floor and they loved it to. It's always clean. The staff is super friendly and attentive. The location has cute restaurants and great bars. It's one block for the uptown train and two blocks from the Statue of Liberty and Battery Park. It's my go to hotel.
bubble_40	Recently needed one night in  downtown NYC  at the last minute.    Compared all the major chain prices and club quarters was in the ballpark, but slightly lower, so I went with it.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  Great location.  My room was large, king bed and sofa, kitchenette,   The furnishings were fine, not luxury, but clean and attractive enough.  The cappuccino machine, and seltzer dispenser in the lobby area were great!  The staff was very nice and professional.  There was no breakfast the morning I was there, maybe not on weekends?   If I had to stay in NYC again, I would definitely consider it.
bubble_20	I have stayed at other Club Quarters in the past and it was OK.  This location wasnt terrible, but the cost was crazy for what the hotel "offered."  First, the place is really small, and thats ok.  There is hardly a lobby to speak of, but I didnt miss that.  The rooms were tiny and the bathroom was so small that I had to turn sideways to walk through the door (Im not that big) - even the toilet was situated at a sideways angle to fit it in the bathroom.  One morning I had to iron a shirt.  Looked in the "closet" (a small wardrobe) for the ironing board and iron and it was nowhere to be found.  I called downstairs to check where it might be and I was told that it was down the hall in a storage closet - which works well at 6:45 in the morning when I am not dressed.  SO, I got
bubble_40	It is very no frills, but it is clean and extremely convenient if you are spending time in the financial district.  They have free wifi, free bottled water, and a very basic gym.  It is 1 block from several different train lines, and this being New York there are tons of restaurants and bars within close proximity.  Word of caution, if you are not staying here for work the financial district for the most part is not a very happening place at night. This will continue to be my go to place when I am in NYC for work.
bubble_40	Nice hotel; we felt safe coming and going even at night.   We did have to wait to check in after our promised check in time.  We were given a $25 voucher to the attached restaurant but that was a huge disappointment.   However, the hotel was nice.  We liked having two rooms and the room sizes were good.
bubble_50	Outstanding location just up from Ground Zero and with lots of eateries on the doorstep. Much more happening than I had expected in this part of town. Fantastic welcome from friendly staff and free M&Ms and coffee made my stay!
bubble_40	Finding a hotel in New York is always expensive.  This is a remarkable hotel for a wonderful price!  We got a one bedroom suite.  Large, wonderful and roomy.  I have never before described a hotel in New York as roomy.  This is a first!
bubble_40	Pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel. Not high end by any means but good wall street location, near WTC and river walk. Area feels relatively safe, even at night. Nice upgraded rooms, small but adequate. Clean and quiet with some decent views. Nice business center lounge. In room wifi was a little slow but reliable. All staff were very friendly and pleasant.
bubble_50	I always stay at Club Quarters on William st. Provided that trains are running well it's  perfect for me. Clean, quiet, convenient and a good value. They have everything you need at this hotel for work or pleasure in the Club room.
bubble_30	I stayed for 5 nights in the Club Quarters Hotel, WS. Let's start by the positive points: it is in a quiet location, bed was very comfortable so I slept really well. Also very strong wifi signal ... a big plus for the facetime / skype users. Free bottle of watter and free coffee in the bedroom (although I wasn't particulary impressed with the taste of the coffee ..), good location just next to Wall street and close to the subway. Finally very good food at the adjacent pub/ bar. However the bedrooms could really do with some renovation: very tired bedrooms decoration, including the carpet. Very basic for a 4 stars htel. The windows could also do with a clean ! As to the continental breakfast ... very very basic for the price.
bubble_40	Super location and really nice hotel. We had read reviews before we got there and yes the rooms are not large but come on, you are in New York!! How much time do you want to spend in your room.  The air conditioning was a bit noisy but you can put ear plugs in if it bothers you. The free drinks and wifi in the downstairs bar was a nice touch.  The bed was very comfy and there are lots of great eating places near-by. I would definitely stay here again. The reception staff are really helpful.
bubble_30	Lovely clean rooms, location very quiet , if you're looking for excitement , this isn't the place for you. never had much interaction with the staff. They didn't really bother with us. Nice food next door. Nice bar.
bubble_30	It is a very small hotel inside the financial district in NewYork CIty. Suitable for business trip if you need to stay there to be at walking distance... No valet parking, Breakfast available in a brasserie nearby, good free WiFi to work. Free Coffe and Water in the common area. I am recommending for short business trip.
bubble_30	Reception, staff etc was all good. Location was fine, apart from the scaffolding (which appeared to be everywhere) Room was very small and quite basic The bathroom was the worst part, very small and not very well maintained. Try Leo's bagels round the corner
bubble_40	Okay....it's not a 5-star hotel with luxurious amenities, but it was all we needed for the few days we stayed in NYC.  We were there for a quick getaway with friends.  This hotel is definitely geared towards the business traveler.  Great WiFi connection, nice pub/restaurant downstairs, free bottled water, and convenient "amentities" closet with extra towels, ironing boards, etc.  We loved the location at Wall Street, and were able to see everything we wanted to in NYC with the close subway station.  We're from Virginia, and I have to say, that not just the staff, but also the New Yorkers themselves, were just as warm and friendly as the people "down south."  I really liked this location because ever since 9/11, I've had a special place in my heart for NYC and its people.
bubble_40	We really lucked out for our family of 3 during our 6 nights at the Wall St CQ. The room was not tiny - plenty big enough, with a small fridge, microwave, and coffee pod machine. THE ROOM WAS CLEAN. The bed was SUPER comfortable - maybe the best mattress for my back that I've slept on in any hotel. The location was perfect - an interesting historic part of Manhattan, close to all transportation, good restaurants, the WTC & 9/11 memorial,  south pier, colonial places of interest, markets, coffee stands, bagel shops, bakeries, all within a few blocks. Busy area in day but quiet at night-perfect!  The only (small) problems were: a) the room phones never worked during our 7-day stay (despite repeated requests to get them fixed) b) the in-room coffee was THE WORST I ever tasted
bubble_20	The room, and in general the hotel, smelled like mold. They didn't change the towels nor sheets although I left the towels on the floor and had left the card for changing the sheets on the bed. One of the rooms we booked (cause I was there with colleagues) had no fridge. The one good thing it had was really good wifi.
bubble_50	A little gem! Great location with Wall Street, Broad Street and Fulton Street Metros all within walking distance. Very comfortable rooms, lovely service, friendly staff and CLEAN! Plus free wifi. Very reasonable places to eat nearby (for breakfast mainly) and quiet in the evenings as it is in the financial district when office workers go home at night. Highly recommend...hope to stay here again when I return to NYC
bubble_50	The financial district all the way downtown is often overlooked as a cool part of Manhattan.  But this is where it all began.  New York City became the greatest city in the world long before the uptown grid was laid out, and you can still see the old streets of New Amsterdam down here.  And because the tourist masses head for mid town, the value a Club Quarters is excellent, with prices you don't expect to see in Manhattan.  Hey, it's a small island; the rest of the City is only a short cab or subway ride away.  CQ is a hidden gem.
bubble_30	We had a suite on the 14th floor for 6 very warm nights. The hotel is in a quiet location, so very little (if any) traffic noise, but the air con noise makes up for that. Not only the Manhatten background hum, which seemed even louder than "normal" but also in the room. Sleep was definitely disturbed - however, they do offer all sorts of sleep hygiene accessories - perhaps that was a clue !? Overall the hotel decor is "tired", especially room carpets. Public areas are better. Constantly available chilled water (free) was very welcome although no room safes was inconvenient. Free coffee / tea in the lobby was also great for the first three days, for the second three the machine was broken. Really should have been fixed same day or replaced. Shame. Couldn't fault any of the staff
bubble_40	The room we had booked was not available the night we got there so we had to cram into a small room with a cot for our third person. However we were partially compensated for this with complimentary breakfast from the attached restaurant which was nice. When we moved the next day into the suite I had originally booked I was very pleased with the size and layout of it (especially for NY standards)  CONS - bathroom was small, 1 elevator was broken, shower didn't drain very well, Pullout couch in suite is very uncomfortable. PROS - Great service from all the staff, complimentary water bottles on each floor(HUGE plus) fast WIFI, complimentary computers in lobby, on-the-go snacks and fruit in the lobby. Overall great stay.
bubble_30	The Great:  a location steps away from the Wall Street action, helpful and friendly staff at the desk. The Good:  convenient restaurant downstairs, coffee, water and refreshments available in the lounge, easy internet access, good internet speed. The Less than Good:  room size is on the small side, no doorman to assist with taxis  The Annoying:  The AC made a horrific noise every time it cycled on and off.  Keeping the fan ON vs. leaving it on AUTO dimmed the noise a bit, but not enough for a restful night's sleep. The Bad:  The bathroom had a moldy, musty smell.  I didn't see mold or mildew so wondered if it was the mop/water used to clean.  My room service tray was still in the hallway 14 hours after I finished my meal.   ICK and ICK.
bubble_40	Was good for one night. Service at the front desk was very good. The room was average, but still good. Nothing too exciting, but nothing bad either. Overall a good place to stay on business or a quick trip.
bubble_20	We were very disappointed. You payed for two room because I was bringing my parents. We were usually going to the double tree on Stone St and believe my when I say the difference is worth it. Telephone was not working and it was a problem because we had to take the elevator for service. Only one set of towel and we needed to ask all the time same for toilet paper. Poor service downstairs and carpet are filthy. We were in PH04 and PH05. Imagine!! They were calling this a penthouse and I needed a massage back to Montreal to fix my back because of the bed and only one pillow. I asked to do not want to fight for this. My wife and I are in NY twice a year so they lost a client for life. They dont need to care because of the high tourist. Its David against Golliath!! Go somewhere
bubble_20	The bounces of Club Quarters for me are that it's right in the heart of Wall Street and if you are doing Business on Wall Street, it's a great location. The staff are very friendly and very nice which is a big plus. Other than that, the elevators are not the best, it's quite noisy when you're trying to sleep, due to the fact that the air conditioners are extremely loud. The rooms are on the small side and they are not very clean. I also had issues with the key cards actually opening the door.... Hummmm sorry Club Quarters time to step up your game.  Paul J. Alessi
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I traveled to NYC this past weekend, August 28-30thm 2015. I work and volunteer in the arts and yet, hadn't been to NYC in almost 20 years! I was so excited to finally get back there. We heard this hotel was liked by some friends and it seemed to be a good idea to be a little away from the craziness closer in to the theater district and Times Square.  CQ Wall Street was the perfect fit for us. The rooms were a great size for NYC, they were impeccably clean, and we had everything we needed. The two consierge we interacted with were both wonderful. They were both men, dark hair, of possible Asian background-I'm sorry I forgot their names:-(  Anyhow, they were both polite, helpful and patient with two inexperienced guests like me and my BF. There is a nice gym on
bubble_30	When I booked this hotel I booked a bedroom suite, little did I know it was exactly a BEDROOM suite it didn't have it's own bedroom, it wasn't separated. When I went down to the front desk and verify that this was the room I booked the front desk was being rude about it. This room was nothing like it's pictures... I stayed for 3 nights, the next day around noon my boyfriend asked the housekeeper if he could get some towels the housekeeper told him when are we checking out, check out time is noon, also being rude. Our last day we decided to go to a Yankees game and when we came back our room was cleaned! Housekeeping changed out our dirty towels, picked up our room, & threw away our trash. That was a great little surprise... Overall besides the downfall our stay was good, quiet,
bubble_30	While the location was great, the hotel itself left some room for improvement. The couch was broken in the room, for one thing. There was no sitting on it. We had quite the time with keeping towels in the bathroom, too. The maid would take dirty towels away, but not replace them. We had to call for towels two out of the four nights we were there.
bubble_30	The hotel is located right in the heart of wall street. So the location is walking distance to many of the sight-seeings. Bu the room was not so great for the price. They gave a queen bed and a roller bed for 3 adults. The roller bed was not comfortable at all. It gives creaky sounds when moving on the bed. Restroom is okay too. Coming to the hotel services, their check-in process was quick and they have filtered bottled water at every level of the hotel. Have luggage storage service and also coffee is available 24/7 and its nice too. So, overall I would give a 3. They could do better on the rooms.
bubble_30	Hotels in NYC are always a problem unless you are a millionaire. This hotel is fine.the location is very good for many of the attractions in Lower Manhatten, such as Statue of Liberty, 9/11 museum etc. Our room was a good size for NY. There was free water and snacks and coffee. Although this was not always available. Also free guest laundry facilities and soap powder. The room was a bit tatty. Staff were helpful if a bit sharp, again a NY thing. It was about right for the money we paid. Staying on Wall Steet was surprisingly good with loads of places to eat etc. Transport links also very good.
bubble_40	This is a great hotel for the money. Very comfortable, clean and a friendly staff. The water dispenser on the floor was a nice touch. I loved the location and found many places to relax on a weekend visit. Coffee and a macaroon at the Financier on the corner and dinner at Les Halles near the subway is a must!
bubble_40	My coworkers complain that this place is too small, but I think the rooms really are okay, especially by Manhattan hotel standards. There's a decent amount of room in addition to the bed. There is a proper desk, couch, plus much more space. Rooms also come equipped  with microwave, fridge, and coffee machine (but no safe).   There is also a lounge area on the lobby floor where you can work for hours after you check out/ before your flight/ etc. This is really cool because it has the wifi, drinks and snacks.   Free fast wifi (streamed music and youtube with no issues).  Each floor also has filtered water and bottles available.   Very convenient subway access.  I would only recommend staying here if you are working in the FiDi though... there's not many good restaurants or bars
bubble_30	Rooms were extremely small.  Towels only provided for 1 person, when two guests were indicated.  Initially told an upgrade was not available, but my husband negotiated for the first night of our 3 night stay. Ask for a suite, but be prepared that it is still only one living area, not two as typically expected in a suite.  Corner rooms are particularly small. Parking was an exorbitant charge and you could not access multiple times within a day without being charged again. Convenient location near Wall Street and the subway. We were prepaid for 3 nights, but we only stayed 1.
bubble_30	I normally love this location and this hotel. The staff is usually very well mannered and professional. I was honestly about to write a great review, however, I was extremely disappointed in this hotel and the guest service staff member I spoke to about late checkout. I was told that late checkout did not exist and I would have to pay $50 if I wanted to checkout by 3pm.   I am not sure of this is a new rule, but I have stayed here before and was told that complimentary late checkout IS available and, although it can't be 4 hours long, I have been able to checkout around 12:30-1pm. On top of the inconsistency, I was spoken to in a very rude and condescending manner.  When I checked into this hotel, I checked in with Tsering Wangchuck, who was VERY helpful and nice and fast.
bubble_40	Hi,  I booked the superior room and it says that it is for a max of 3 people. Can we get 2 beds? Is there a fee for that? Also since we will be arriving very early in the morning is there a possibility of storing out luggage for free?   .............  Thank you Andreea
bubble_50	I have stayed here before and the experience is pretty uniform. It is "Ian Schrager" like in its modernity and amenities. Rooms are small which you would expect from NYC and a similar property. On my recent stay I was upgraded to a suite on a corner and it was a perfect room. Queen size bed, living area with two desks, fridge, microwave and a small bath. It is very nicely done for a NYC hotel. Everything worked which is a surprise for a city hotel. The drains were a little slow. The internet here is great. Staff is very helpful and friendly. The entry is up a few stairs like most old buildings so be ready to lug your bags. Parking is a couple of blocks away but efficient. This area is fast becoming very residential and this hotel is smack in the middle of it all yet it is very
bubble_10	This is what I got when opened the door after checking in. Dirty messy room. Stay away from this hotel. Waited 45 minutes on 23.17pm.  Unbelievable. This is all I can say about this hotel.  They didn't have another room to give me.
bubble_20	I just returned from a stay at CQWS and can say that I will not be choosing this hotel in the future. I am a very low-key traveler that doesn't have a list of demands, so it is usually customer service that leads me to write an unhappy review.  I chose this hotel because it has a parking option and I needed to drive for this trip. I was told that I could pull up to the front door and unload my bags, then be given instructions on how to get to the contracted parking garage. When I arrived, the entire street was full of trucks so there was no option for pulling over - I called the front desk to ask where to park and after 20 minutes with no answer, I gave up.   There was a very large group checking in that day and once I finally got there I watched the front desk ignore the
bubble_40	Went to NYC for a family celebration and this property turned out very well. Rooms are more than comfortable, and more than spacious for NYC.  Bath was small but very adequate.  There was a bottled water dispenser in the hall, and iron/board in a small closet next to it. We stayed two nights and found the location easy access to subway and the 9/11 Museum.  Plenty of nice spots to eat close by.  For the moderate price this was a nice valued NYC hotel stay.
bubble_40	Club Quarters on William Street in Manhattan is a great combination of price and comfort for New York. My room was not huge, but had space for a queen bed, desk, small overstuffed chair, armoir, plus about 40 square feet of open floor space. The ceiling was high, which helped the room to feel somewhat larger. The bathroom was small but well-organized.  One really nice security feature was that in order to go to ride the elevator to your floor, you had to insert your room key card into a slot on the elevator before you could press the button for your floor. That's not fool-proof, but it's a little extra security.  I'm sure I will visit New York again, and my experience with this hotel was enough to make me not even look elsewhere.
bubble_50	I love the water dispensers on every floor, however the chilled water on 17th floor was warm. Since I love this hotel so much, I won't say it's a drag to have to go to the 3rd floor for ice!  But it is. Maybe ice machines on a few floors? Just a thought.
bubble_40	For a New York property, the room size is average-to-spacious. Nice & clean with select rooms having microwave & refrigerator (not all rooms have this). Unique item is central water & supply centre (complimentary plastic bottles one can take and fill from a filtered water station) making this very practical for on-the-go, in-room, coffeemaker, etc. Beds are firms but comfortable. Wall Street Financial district directly behind building, so mornings/afternoons are very active, evenings are ghostly quiet! Upper floors are more quiet, but noise levels are minimal throughout building. Each floor has this "supply center" for irons, boards, extra coffee supplies, etc. Food choices are abundant in every direction from the hotel entrance, some have TWO of everything (McDonald's,
bubble_50	The Club Quarters at Wall Street was a great selection for the 4th of July weekend. I was there for business and pleasure and the hotel delivered in both areas. The front desk personnel were accommodating and always smiling. Having purified water available at no charge is a nice touch. The location is great and the restaurant is excellent; fantastic service with a smile and a little touch of Ireland (say hello to bartenders Anne and Michele). I will definitely be coming back!
bubble_50	This is a good choice for location and value. Clean and perfect for seeing NYC. The room is fine, but we didn't go to NYC to stay inside. The check-in and check-out were seamless and we'll definitely go back here.
bubble_40	One of the best 3 stars hotel I have stayed in. The hotel is situated smack bang in the financial district and around the corner from Wall Street and the stock exchange. The 911 memorial is also a couple of blocks away but the biggest bonus was the subway virtually at the hotels door step making it ideal to see the rest of the city. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable but the bathroom slightly on the small side.  There is a great restaurant in the lobby be sure to try out the Baby Chicken under the Brick. They staff are very attentive and freandly, we had a late evening flight and they allowed us to stay until 3pm for an extra 50 dollars. Highly recommended. .......
bubble_40	I booked on short notice for a business trip. Very great location across the street from the Wall Street subway stop. Easy access to Penn Station or any stops uptown. The hotel is nicely appointed but is more like the size of a European hotel than American. Great shower pressure. Nice feature or a water bottle refilling station in the hallways. Beds are firm and linens are decent quality. I enjoyed my stay!
bubble_40	I booked the hotel for a short-notice trip to NYC for business. The location is great! It's right next to the Wall Street station so it makes travel quick and easy if you need to get to Penn Station to catch a train or go anywhere uptown. This hotel, like many in Manhattan, has what I'd call a European feel. Nicely appointed rooms but are small by American standards. Shower had great water pressure. Bed was supportive. Linens were of decent quality.
bubble_40	We stayed over the weekend, crowded it was. The hotel is close to financial district walking distance to Broadway,  911 museum. Room was small but the bed, pillow and even their cot very comfy. The only thing I did not like about it was the noise from the air conditioner. It was too loud that it will wake you up. Better request for a higher floor to get a better view.
bubble_40	Room are modern and clean.   Front desk really helpful.  Near Wall Street metro station.  Free tea/coffee and snacks at lobby.  You can order food from nearby restaurants including Indian as menu kept in room.  Baggage storage facility also available.  Overall a very nice experience.
bubble_40	One specific staff member was really rude and not willing to solve and issue caused by miscomunnication between the property and booking.com causing not having accomodations to my 6 years old son. The priblem was solved by another staff member and he even gave us $100 voucher for dinner. Perfect example of how one member of the staff can destroy your reputation and another elevate it.
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights last week, and with it being my 2nd visit to this hotel I knew what to expect. On arrival staff were very friendly and I was upgraded to a suite at no extra cost which was very nice. I stayed on the 18th floor and it was pretty quiet. The hotel needs a facelift, that's for sure. That said, everything works. The wifi is good, the staff are nice, the hot water is instant, and the lifts don't break down. The gym is fine and Baileys on the ground floor serves ok breakfast/meals/drinks. Great location for financial district, close to subway. I might not insist on staying here next time, but if it's the one the agent chooses for me I'd be quite happy.
bubble_50	Very satisfied of the hotel. The room while very small, it is comfortable and really clean, and we did not want to use it for socializing, but to rest. I like the living room in the lobby floor, with coffee and sparkling water, and comfort.        I am glad that it is so close to the subway going north. That makes the location truly convenient. Service is truly friendly and cooperative.  I will use this hotel in the future.
bubble_40	Within walking distance from the metro and ferry, rests for major NYC attraction. Rooms are small but comfortable and clean. Great getaway after a whole day in the city. Bottled water in every floor. Great for business trips.
bubble_50	I'm here for 10 days all work related and this hotel has been a blessing!! Location is perfect , from so many restaurants, grocery stores, drug stores and attractions like south seaport and Brooklyn bridge. Walking distance to many work places. Easy access to subways, also walking distance to Chinatown , little Italy and soho. People have been amazing, because I'm staying so many days they put me in a room with a fridge and microwave without me asking for it, it was a really nice surprise !! Very clean, comfy all the way and just the perfect stay!!
bubble_50	yea, I don't stay in many hotels, and this was a work trip.  This hotel was super comfy with great sheets, clean and crisp rooms and unlimited filtered water and coffee!  Make sure you find the Coffee Maker -- Late, Cappuccino, Regular and decaf!  Add ice and you've even got your iced coffee fix!
bubble_50	Pleasant staff, comfortable room, convenient location, lovely continental breakfast in Club living room, plus high-quality K-cup coffee in room.  One flaw:  only one washcloth in room when I arrived.  I used it; housekeeping removed it but didn't replace it.  A kind man I saw who worked in housekeeping got me one.
bubble_50	From arrival to the reasonably priced JFK taxi, it is beginning to feel like home!  We come three times a year to visit our son... At The Kings College and we love it! We enjoy the workout room, the coffee,  the friendly staff and location.  Our last visit was June10 thru 15 2015.
bubble_30	I'll keep my review short, sweet and to the point.  PROS:  - good location. A metro station is literally right around the corner - reasonable price for NYC - free (good quality) WiFi - coffee mugs to make tea in the room. I thought that was a good touch considering most hotels give you cheap looking paper cups. - nice TV with a good selection of channels -the bed is comfy  CONS:  - there is no parking. Really! Don't even bother bringing your car to the hotel because if you do, they will tell you to go park it in the garage two blocks down. Very annoying. However, it's $32/night which is pretty good for NYC. - the hotel is very noisy. I understand it's New York, but do the staff have to vacuum outside my room at 8:30am on a Sunday? Also, investing in some new sound proof windows
bubble_50	This hotel met my expectations. The staff was friendly abd courteous. The hotel location very convenient for us to reach our appointments. The beverage  and snacks provided in the lobby lounge was a nice touch and we did take advantage of them. My daughter loved that she could get a cappuccino whenever she wanted. The water machine on our floor (11) was a really nice convenience and was very  much appreciated.
bubble_30	I have stayed at the Club Quarters on Wall St. a number of times in the past .  I always reserved the superior room. The superior rooms are a little bigger than the regular rooms and it also has a kitchenette. As in the past I reserved a superior room again and as such received an email confirmation that my reservation was for a  superior room.  It was a 2 night stay. To my surprise when I arrived they had downgraded me to a regular room. The first time in my travels to any hotel where I was downgraded. While the room was big enough for myself it was disappointing to arrive to find out they had changed my reservation without my knowledge. While they accommodated me by bringing  a refrigerator to my room I was still disappointed not having the superior room I had reserved. It is
bubble_40	This hotel actually surpassed my expectations as it was very reasonably priced for NYC. Conveniently located, pleasant staff. The rooms were tiny, which was expected. The bottle water stations were a nice touch, it amazes me how many hotels do not have easy access to free drinkable water. Irons and extra pillows are available in a storage area in every floor but they go quick. Free wi-fi, fridge, decent beds. The rooms were clean enough but I tried not to look too closely; I've heard horror stories about some new york hotels.  The bathroom was very small but they made good use of the space. The restaurant next door was decent.
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay here.   We booked 2 rooms.  This was for my daughters sweet 16 weekend.  The first room was a 2 room suite for my daughter and her friends and the second was a superior room for my husband and I.   The rooms were actually quite large for NYC hotel.  The front desk staff was very warm and gracious.  I had concerns that they would immediately see 4 teenagers and assume they would be loud and out of control.  However, these young ladies are well traveled and know how to behave.  There were so many little touches that made this hotel feel welcoming.  There are bottle water stations on each floor; each room has a kitchenette including a Keurig and table setting for 4.  There are 2 working desks, free Wi-Fi, and plenty of outlets to plug into along with a few
bubble_40	Have chosen this hotel, as it was recommended in the business invitation.  The hotel is very well located, several steps to underground, just near Wall street, NY stock exchange, Broadway, etc. Also just round the corner there is a 24-hour supermarket, which is very convenient. On the floor you can have pure bottled water and use irons, which is very important in a business trip. Nevertheless, you need to be attentive and get your iron until they are all gone (there are only 3 of them), especially on Sunday nights before work on Monday.  The rooms are rather large, with comfortable beds, a table, a coffee-machine, a wardrobe. No fridge was a bit of a disappointment,  also  one minus I think is that there is no safe-box in the room, at it was unusual at first time as we had to
bubble_20	This hotel was touted on Hotwire as a 4star hotel. It is in a great location but there it stops for me. It is NOT a four star hotel.   My experience- Dirty!! Hair on the mattress covers and it was not mine!! Hairs in the shower and on the bathroom walls. Chocolate or something (gross!!!) on the clothe chair next to the bed. Urine on the toilet. I asked them to take care of it. They did not.   Stingy with towels- I stayed with my mom. They asked me to return the old towels before they would give me more. I've never been asked this anywhere before. Maybe this is a new NYC hotel thing?    The beds- hard and the sheets were rough. Bring your comfy pajamas. Thank goodness I did!! LIFT UP your sheets and make sure they are cleaning the beds. Pillows were nice tho, nice pillow covers
bubble_30	I was happy to be upgraded to a suite for the same price as a superior room, but I wasn't so impressed with the details.  My room was clean enough, but there was no sweetener for the coffee (not even in the guest request closet) and no soap for the shower, only hand soap.  I tried to watch TV in the living room area but it wouldn't turn on, and yes it was plugged in.    That said, the staff couldn't have been friendlier and more helpful, and my stay was pleasant in every other way.  They just need to pay more attention to detail.
bubble_40	My thirs stay at Wall Stret Club Quarters, not exactly cheap (what decent hotel is not expensive in The Big Apple ?), but very convenient and close to most in lower Manhattan, not necessarily only corporate HQs - only 3-4 min, walk to Broadway, 12-15 to Ground Zero or Battery Park, etc., etc. Nice large rooms, a small TV lounge with PCs, coffee, fruit, etc - and a quite nice restaurant and bar accesible from the hotel entrance.And, a small and not too busy gym free of charge.
bubble_50	Excellent location in the heart of the Financial District.    Staff are super friendly and the rooms are spotless (stayed 4x for business) each room does not have an iron and ironing board, they are located in the hallway next to the water machines. Superfast wifi connection  really one of the nicest hotels around  take some time to walk around and look at the history of the surrounding buildings
bubble_50	We arrived late in the evening and we were greeted with a warm, friendly smile and a resounding welcome! Ley made the check in quick and easy. The room was clean and comfortable. The Lobby is spacious and their lounge has a great coffee machine and they offer fruit and snacks throughout the day. Also they have a decent gym. The restaurant next door is okay but overpriced. They are several good eateries in the area to pick from instead. Overall we enjoyed our stay.
bubble_40	Many are correct in that the area is not rammed with restaurants and bars, but it only takes a few blocks' walk (or a subway ride) to get to them. It's slap bang in the financial district, so the area does quieten down at night. But is not unsafe or creepy by any means.  Check in was quick and efficient, as was check out.   Some of the hotel could do with a makeover  the hallways were starting to look a bit tired  but my room was large by New York standards, and affordable  around $200 a night. It was clean, simple, and had everything I wanted (apart from a safe, which would have been handy).  WiFi was fast and reliable.  The location is good  one block from Broadway, right by Wall Street. There are about 3 subway stops within a 5 minute walk, so you've got most subway lines
bubble_20	my staying at Club Quarters club quarters could not start in a worse manner: got there at 11 p.m. very tired after a long flight, got a room on the 6th floor, wanted to go to bed but saw hair on the pillow and despite having turned the air conditioning off I heard a constant noise. called the reception as I thought it was the air conditioning and they promised to send somebody to check. After 10 minutes nobody turned up so i called again. Eventually somebody turned up and laughed. It was not the air conditioning but a machine in a inner courtyard. Because of the noise I could hardly sleep the whole night. The next morning i asked for my room to be changed and they immediately nodded. they asked me to pack everything and they would have taken care. back in the evening nothing had
bubble_40	If you hit it right you can find a room for just under $200 and that is a deal, especially given the fantastic location literally steps away from Wall Street and Hanover Sq in NYC's financial district.   Check in is a breeze with their kiosks, no waiting in line, that's a major plus. The rooms were spacious enough, I had a room with a kitchenette which was spotless. There's tons of small stores in the area for provisions. The bathrooms are NY basic, no marble or granite, subway tile floors, more than adequate and on the nice side of perfunctory. Spotless clean.  The restaurant next to the hotel is very nice.   I didn't have to stop at the desk when checking out, it was super easy.
bubble_50	Great Hotel - great service - great room Very helpful front desk - worked hard to get me early check in Good location - walk to everything Everything included, water, snacks, business center Will use again
bubble_20	Good location but very average rooms. Bathrooms quite old fashion. My two most important remarks are: 1. Poor cleaning service: One day I left my room at 8 am and when I came back at 4.30 pm my room had still not been cleaned. Another morning I had the bad surprise to notice when I was already under the shower that there was no shampoo any more beacause I finished it a day earlier and it had not been replaced. I was expected more for more than USD 300 a night. 2. When I left, at the chek out, the man at the counter asked me if I wanted a transport for JFK. When he told me that it would cost me USD 75 (add on of USD 10 because I wanted to pay by credit card!), I answered that it was more expensive than when I arrive frome the airport and he told me that it was always more
bubble_20	If you want an average hotel, with average service and over priced meals for their quality then this is the place for you. The room rate per night is calculated using a combination of guess work and what they can get away with. Location is ok for the Financial District, but quiet it is not. If you are visiting on holiday, then stay at the Crowne Plazza Times Square - the service, food and quality of the hotel is fantastic
bubble_40	I chose this hotel from Priceline due to its proximity to an event I needed to attend in Wall Street. The price was very affordable for NYC so I grabbed it.  I wasn't sure what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised when I checked in. My first impression was of the friendliness of the reception staff, Lisa and Anthony. They were super helpful, polite and genuine. The room was small like most NY hotels, but very modern, efficient and clean. Absolutely no complaints - a rarity for me! I would definetely recommmend this hotel for business travelers and tourists alike.
bubble_40	I've stayed here on several occasions for work and I've been very happy with this hotel.  The staff are friendly, efficient and accommodating.  The hotel is clean and well maintained. A perfect place to stay for business travel or a no frills vacation to NYC.  The location is super convenient and the area is very quiet after business hours.  I plan to stay again in the future.
bubble_50	So glad I chose this spot for an overnight stay.Comfy bed, good view, nice bathroom. Keep in mind this is for someone not loving the nyc crowds.close to public trans, but many sites are within walking distance.
bubble_40	The Club Quarters offers a high value for business travelers with all essential amenities. The room is NY sized (small), sufficiently updated and impeccably clean. Beds are comfortable and shower has decent water pressure. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. It is not a luxurious spot, but provides everything needed for a truly comfortable business trip at a really great rate.
bubble_40	My friend and I shopped around on line at several different sites for a hotel close to Pace University where her daughter attends.  We finally decided on the Chart Quarters (there are several in the City).  We arrived around 9:15 am, was checked in quickly and our room was ready.  The room was not large but the design was perfectly thought out for the size.  Beds were very comfortable, Keurig in the room and I loved that there was also a 2-way mirror hung on the wall (with 10x).  The lounge has a coffee, expresso, latte machine available.  There was a bar/restaurant attached but we did not make use of that. It is also located conveniently to pick up a taxi and various small restaurants and shopping.  Will definitely stay there again when we are in the City.
bubble_40	Lower Manhattan offers good hotel values, especially on the weekend.  This hotel is located in one of the city's oldest and most historic neighborhoods, so lots to see right around it.  And the #2 and 3 subway is half a block from the hotel (and the R line a couple of blocks farther), so you can be in midtown or Brooklyn in just a few minutes.  Rooms are small but have fresh and modern appointments.  Wifi worked, and is free.  Coffee and tea in rooms.  For the $200 I paid, counts as a good deal by Manhattan standards and I'd happily use them again.
bubble_40	Not over the top, but just enough for this business traveler and his client.  The location is between Wall Street and Water Street, right in the middle of the financial district.   The price was right, so on business trips, this is my spot.  Rooms were adequate, quiet, as quiet as a can be in the city that never sleeps.  Staff were fine.  The lobby area offers some nice soft drinks, coffee, and snacks, just right for the business traveler.  Give it a try!
bubble_50	We had a simply charming stay at the Club Quarters! Check in was a breeze, which is always a nice way to start a stay in a hotel. This hotel has a nice lounge area with coffee, tea, sodas, water and snacks. Also located in the lounge are computers, a printer and a large flat screen TV.  Our room was small with a queen bed and a small bathroom with a shower(great water pressure). Although, the standard NYC size room it was decorated in soothing colors and contained nice touches. One of those touches was that the thermostat was located on the wall right beside the bed. It was so nice not to have to get out of the bed to adjust the thermostat.   This hotel is located in the financial district within a 2 min. walk to the subway. A great restaurant, The Bailey Pub & Brasserie is
bubble_40	I price lined this hotel and was very pleased.  Great location easy to get to subway station entrances.  The hotel bar was our favorite, great selection of drinks after a long day of sightseeing. The entire staff was courteous.
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at the Hotel. My boyfriend and I have stayed at this hotel in the past and noticed the nice room and common areas have been remodeled and look great. The hotel has a nice check-in area with kiosks. Every night we would get in late and be greeted by a very nice desk clerk named Leandro. He always had a smile and late dining suggestions. The hotel is very reasonable priced and the free bottled water is a nice touch.
bubble_40	Excellent position just a few steps from Wall Street. Rooms are small but you'd expect that based on its location. Well fitted rooms. Clean Andy fresh. Bathroom a little tight for space.   Service was good, more doorman than hotel feel. Lounge was ok.  Only gripe was the tv reception was poor
bubble_40	I chose this hotel as my very first accommodation in New York, and I am thankful to the Club Quarters for giving me a nice warm impression about hotels in New York.  I needed to work on my laptop in the evening during my stay, so I was looking for a hotel with full workstation services rather than a fancy facade or whatsoever. This hotel satisfied all of my needs and surprised me with the reasonable room rates while offering a fantastic variety of complimentary services. I got everything I needed to get me through my lonely work evenings. Every floor has a small sitting room and there were 2 large lounges on the 1st floor and 3rd floor (if I'm not mistaken). Wifi connection was strong throughout the hotel, the lounge offers tea and coffee, and there is a purified water bottling
bubble_40	I truly recommend this hotel. Stayed here one week for leisure. Hotel is located in lower manhattan, a block away from NYSE and a few blocks from one world trade center and some 30 meters from wall street (red lines 2 and 3) subway station. Staff is always very helpful. Hotel received all my many mails from Amazon in advance and safely kept it. In my opinion rooms are adequately sized, even considering hotel price range and location (it is manhattan after all). In addition, rooms are very clean and comfy. Breakfast was not included but the lobby lounge always has fruits, cereal bars and coffee in the morning.
bubble_30	Tricky to find initially (at night) even with Waze.  Pretty spartan (facilities and service), but decent.  Rooms are pretty small, but in NYC you're probably not spending too much time there.  Small but OK lobby/lounge area (coffee/espresso machine, free desktops & printer) and purified bottled water to fill up with (provided) bottles on every floor (nice touch).  Views from our rooms were OK, not great at all.  Elevators, shower heads, etc. a little slow and funky.  Perfectly fine for us, but definitely not 4 ****.  Comfortable beds.  Great location near Wall Street, subway (1 min. walk), South Street Tkts (10 minute walk), 9-11 Memorial and Museums ((maybe 10 minutes).  $109 for clean, safe digs in Manhattan.  Gotta be realistic; not a bad stay, but nothing to rave about,
bubble_30	We booked club quarters from Hotwire for our 2 first nights at nyc and it was a really nice surprise. The hotel is kinda old but it's clean, nice, and the bed is comfortable. In the lobby's lounge they offer some free fruits and drinks which is really nice. Overall I would recommend it for a pleasant not an expansive stay at nyc.
bubble_40	A small hotel off Wall Street, the place has nice rooms and studios perfect for a family. Service is friendly and effective. Free internet included, it worked well most of the time with a few short interruptions. Receptionists are knowledgeable and give good advice for neighborhood exploration. Everything is functional, I liked the fact that there are enough electrical outlets in reach on desktop - no need to move furniture or crawl under the table to charge your devices. Restaurant is attached but we didn't try it - there are many fancy and casual places in walking distance.
bubble_50	Great place very cozy maybe my stay very special since it was my girlfriends birthday they surprised her with flowers wine and cookies in the room staff was exceptional thanks to Lisa Lauren Tsering & Mike truly appreciated.  K Cockerham
bubble_50	I had an early Sunday morning event on Wall St and chose this hotel mostly because of it's proximity to the event.  Located right between Wall and Pine St it is within walking distance of anywhere you need to be in the financial district and most downtown locations as well.  It is right where the 2 and 3 trains have their Wall St stop as well.  The room was a Suite with a Queen Bed.  Room was spacious and the partition wall between the bed and the living area made it seem like it was 2 rooms.  The room was clean and quiet and WiFi was free.  The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the rate for the room was more than fair.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely stay here when I come back to New York.
bubble_50	This is a great hotel with all the amenities a frequent traveler like myself needs. Free wi-fi, which was great by the way, and free lattes! Check-in and check-out was swift and everyone I encountered was lovely. I will absolutely visit Club Quarters again when I return to NYC.
bubble_40	Spent the weekend at this hotel over Valentine's Day. Was a very nice hotel, clean and comfortable. It was perfect for us, as it's right across from 9/11 Memorial and Wall Street.  It's also very close to Century 21 if you like to shop. We actually had dinner in Tribeca and drinks and walked back to the hotel. The rooms are quite small, but for the 2 of us what much do you need? Very nice furniture, desk, coffee maker, nice bathroom. All great. For the price totally worth it. Staff at front desk very helpful. The restaurant upstairs had fantastic happy hour and food.  I would definitely stay again. also check out the bar at the W right next door.
bubble_50	We got the Club Quarters for $131 off a Hotwire Hot Rate for the third part of our trip to New York. The location is excellent, right next to Wall Street and close to the Wall Street Subway Station. They didn't have a room for 4 people but the check in clerk, Lauren, was really nice and helpful and tried to find solutions, we finally got a king bed and she said that she would bring up a rollaway bed to our room. We also were able to upgrade to a suite if they had one available. The room was huge for a hotel in Downtown New York. It was very clean and comfortable, the beds are some of the most comfortable I have ever experienced in a hotel, the pillows were big and comfortable and the duvets and matresses were also comfortable and very soft. They had a suite available right after
bubble_50	This is the perfect hotel to stay at while travelling to New York! Extremely helpful and pleasant staff, good rooms, fantastic access.  The guy at the front desk helped me for over an hour to sort out my credit card issue. Mush appreciated!
bubble_50	This Club Quarters location is very conveniently located 2 minutes from the subway.  The room was spotless and nicely furnished.  The bed was comfortable and the heater warmed my room right up.  Hot water was immediate unlike older New York City hotels.  The check-in process was very quick and everyone I encountered at the front desk was extremely polite and helpful.  There are several restaurants within a 5 minutes walk of the hotel.  I enjoyed my stay at Club Quarters and will make every effort to find my way back to this hotel for another great experience.  The #2,#3 train will take you to 34th and on up to Times Square in about 15 minutes.  You have great access to the entire region by riding the subway.  The Lobby is very relaxing and includes a coffee machine in the lobby
bubble_50	I was volunteering for an event in the city on a Saturday and Sunday and rather than drive back and forth out to Long Island, I booked this hotel at a very good price. I had never stayed in the Financial District before and I was looking forward to walking around the neighborhood after my duties were done. It was a short walk to the 9/11 Memorial and Century 21. Lots of choices to eat including the pub attached to the hotel.  Desk staff were great. They helped me with some ice to resuscitate my bad knee and stored my bag for me al day on Sunday so I did not have to carry it all day. Location was great - the subway a few steps from the front door so it was easy to get to the Javits Center with one transfer. Room was immaculate. I had a small room that was perfect for me. Comfy
bubble_50	I had a great stay in new York ! The room was very clean. The staff was friendly and helpful especially Michael and to Lisa for her amazing knowledge of restaurants and city sights. This really helped me enjoy my stay here. I will def recommend to my friends when in the city!  Thank you for making my trip to New York great!
bubble_40	my family is a big fan of Club Quarters-- comfy rooms (big by NY standards) good technology, cappuccino machine & snacks in lobby. I've stayed in 5 different CQs in 2 countries & have never been dissatisfied. this location is right next to the Museum of Finance, steps from Wall Street. also walking distance to 9/11 museum, ferries, etc.
bubble_50	This was my first Club Quarters experience and it was fantastic!  Very service oriented and genuinely invested in my satisfaction.  A big call out to Bryan and Anthony - Both extremely helpful and customer focused.  I will definitely be back..
bubble_50	i just have to say, both anthony & lisa made my stay at the hotel very comfortable & easy. it was my bday week so i was running in and out all day but they were so accommodating! not to mention the comp bottle of wine & macaroons & a lovely birthday card. club quarters always welcomes us like family & i wouldn't recommend any other hotels other than club quarters to my friends & family. always up to date electronics, super clean & everything is easily accessible!!!
bubble_50	I recently stayed at Club Quarters Wall Street for a long weekend and had an AMAZING experience. It was not large but they have everything to make your stay as comfortable as possible. I also wanted to add, Club Quarters is extremely fortunate to have an employee such as Bryan, he is exceptional in his customer service, always professional, and very accommodating. He was willing to go the extra mile for any need I had and he even made wonderful recommendations for a night out in the city! Some other reception personnel that were extremely helpful were Mike and Anthony.  Thank you so much for such a memorable trip! Keep up the good work!
bubble_50	I recently stayed at club quarters Wall Street   and had a wonderful time!  Upon arrival I was greeted by  an extremely  happy person named Lisa. She told me all about the hotel. later a wonderful gentleman named Mike helped me with directions. I would defiantly stay here again
bubble_40	Spent Valentines day weekend here and it wasn't as bad as I thought it might've been. as soon as I walked in I was helped to get my room keys. I wish I knew the young ladys name but I don't remember what her name was but she was very helpful. the rooms are quite small but manageable and theres absolutely zero view or at least that's what I had not that I care either cus all u would probably see is buildings anyway. the one problem I did have was I asked for 2 pillows at 11am and I didn't get them til about 11pm when I had to make a 3rd request for them. The restaurant downstairs had a great breakfast for room service! so overall place was good and I would definitely stay here again as the trains are close by and theres a 24hr duane reade right across street.  Bed was a little
bubble_20	The location and room (superior) were good, but the staff at reception were very rude - it seemed that it bothered them  do their basic duties. The moment I arrived the guy at the reception looked bothered to serve me, he asked my surname then started searching for something in his computer. I was waiting as I thought he was doing the check in. After some time he was wondering why I was still standing there, as the room was not ready (i wasn't told about it). I was asked to come back in 2 hrs. If he was polite, it would have been ok, but the only 'polite' thing he managed to say was 'we are fully booked now, so we don't have your room ready' and not in a very nice tone. So I came back after 2 hrs asking if the room was ready. There was another person at the reception this time -
bubble_10	We booked a trip through Expedia. We booked 2 free cancellation rooms. The weather in the Northeast has been brutal so of course we wanted to be able to cancel if needed. I noticed on line the price had gone down and called to see if we could get a better price. The gentleman on the phone that had an accent told me he could save me $90. He would send a confirmation email. He did, but my reservation was changed to 1 non refundable and 1 free cancellation room. I called immediately probably 5 minutes after the first call. I went through the customer service rep to the supervisor to manager all telling me the same thing. The room is non refundable. The manager did tell me that in an emergency situation they would consider refunding our money if needed.  Well we decided we were
bubble_50	This is our new layover hotel In New York city....the staff is professional, friendly and super helpful.  The room are very clean, but small, but who need a large room when you are in NYC.  Free wifi in every room.  The only negative think is no luggage rack to place your bags on, I had to use the chair to hold my bag.  Love everything about the club quarter, from the staff to the room...
bubble_50	The staff was terrific.  The location (for us) was a bit out of the way - though an easy subway trip from Grand Central and then a short walk.  The room was nice - spacious and comfortably laid out with fridge etc.  We ended up eating dinner in the top floor restaurant because we were too tired to go out.  Highly recommend it.  GREAT views, well-spaced tables and interesting food options.  I do wish the bathroom door wasn't a slider....made for little privacy.
bubble_50	I just discovered this hotel bye chance and I have to say it was a great simple place superb customer service I received mike, lauren, lisa, leyandro front desk was great with helping me find a place to eat & night life I will return to this location real soon.
bubble_30	I have stayed here a few times while visiting our company office which is nearby.  I thought Club Quarters hotels where meant to be low service i.e. no hot and cold running chamber maids or whatever, and thus lower cost. This one isnt.  The prices compare with any other budget class business hotel in the downtown area of Manhattan.  I suppose the fact that there are usually two staff on the reception gives it away.  The rooms are basic, but clean and functional.  Maybe it was my room this time or just me but I had to switch off the air-conditioning which every room comes with, as it would kick in and out all night with enough noise to wake me (I am not a light sleeper). Apart from that it was ok. EXCEPT ... on my last morning (coincidence?) there was no hot water! Seriously. In
bubble_40	My boyfriend & I got tickets to the NYC Ballet, for Christmas. (December 27) Club Quarters, on Wall Street had a great deal, for the weekend.  We had heard good things, so we had high expectations.  Ideal, and perfectly situated, for our weekend getaway.  I love the wall street neighbor. Great little French bistros. No crazy hustle & bustle, of Time Square.  I loved how close we were to shopping, and the Trade Center memorial.  At CQ, we had a little problem, with our light switch, it broke, but I told the front desk on my way out and it was fixed before I got back. I love how attentive the CQ staff is.  We will be back.
bubble_40	Despite the proximity to the center  of world finance, this hotel wont take a sack of cash to put you smack dab in the "belly of the beast". I've stayed at a Club Quarters in Chicago before and had a good experience. For the money, this is a great choice if you want/need to stay in the financial district. Like the World Trade Hotel, this hotel makes creative use of space to provide cozy, but well-appointed rooms. In fact, we wondered if it was designed by the same people. Anyway, easy access to Wall St., subway lines, South St. Seaport and plenty of downtown attractions. Very international clientele and a very helpful and friendly staff. We appreciated the free luggage storage service. They have a bar/restaurant that looked pretty nice, but we didnt try it this time. We would
bubble_40	This was my first trip to New York for work and I stayed at Club Quarters, Wall street which was very close to my office for 32 nights.   The property is very good for business travellers who want to be close to Financial District. It is also a stone's throw away from south pier to take a boat ride to watch the Statue of Liberty. The area is a bit too desolate at night though for night life. Subway station is also very close.  The housekeeping staff was excellent and very helpful. Nadia and Tserin were very helpful to make the stay comfortable. Laundry/Iron is available 24/7 and is convenient. Grocery/food store (Duane Reade) is right opposite and open 24/7.  The restaurant/pub attached to the Hotel was very popular in the evenings, but less variety and limited options. There
bubble_40	So i booked this trip on priceline and of course i didnt know what hotel i was going to get. I got it for dirt cheap and some place called club quarters popped up. Yikes!!!! What is a club quarter? I was terrified to stay here and it was also in the financial district. What did i do???!!!! .   I called the hotel to get some details and the guy was very friendly. He gave me info on the hotel and everything i needed to know. It made me feel better.   So i get there and took the train like he told me and it was exactly where he told me. You are literally right next too wall street. There was a train station right by the hotel. Super convenient. The lobby was small but staff was helpful. The room wasnt anything glamourous but it was clean and smelled fine.   They have water
bubble_50	I wasn't familiar with this chain, but booked them as I got a great deal on hotels.com.  I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised with everything about this place, starting with the staff.  They're all incredibly pleasant and accommodating, and are a definite asset to the hotel.  I have been traveling so much that I don't have an apartment at present -- having come off my last trip of the year, I wanted a place to hole up and regroup before the holidays, and my room was super clean and very comfortable.  In fact, it feels more like a(n albeit) small studio than a hotel room.  The size of the room doesn't bother me at all -- I find it quite cozy, but if people are used to the mammoth hotel rooms that are out there these days, they might find these a squeeze (which
bubble_50	First of all the staff was amazing!!!  Rooms are small, but it is New York.  I loved the free soda in lobby and coffee. Comfortable beds and room was cleaned well.  It was a good location near stone street with good restaurants. Walking distance to piers... Could walk to many cool attractions in the financial district.  Take the 123 subway to Times Square and it is literally outside the hotel... Felt very safe. I would stay here again!!
bubble_30	I booked a weekend night here through Priceline and knew what I was getting. The location is literally just a few blocks away from Wall Street, so perfect if you're working nearby. It's just a few blocks from the 4,5 and 1,2 subway lines, making it nice and easy to get to midtown.  The hotel allowed me to check in early (around 11:30) and made sure there was a mini-fridge in the room as I requested. Room size is ample but the walls were a bit thin, and I could hear neighbors even though they were talking normally. Heating worked well and the bathroom water was strong and warm.   Front desk staff were professional and helpful. The only thing that rubbed me the wrong way is that, when I asked for a late checkout (45 minutes), I was told that I had to pay an extra $40.00 USD until
bubble_50	I would like to commend club quarters for a great job when I stayed in their hotel for 3 nights. All of the employees I met were very helpful. Specially for a solo traveller like me. I met Anthony Dumas who's very accommodating when I asked for help. I hope all the employees are like him. kudos! In my next visit. I will surely stay again in this hotel.
bubble_50	Rooms were clean and comfortable. Snacks, filtered bottled water and coffee (including espresso, cappuccino and lattes) were available all the time. Management was professional and courteous. Great part of the city to shop and explore.
bubble_40	To be fair, the Club Quarters chain of hotels is focused on business clientele. On a whim, though, I offered (what I thought to be) a low per room rate on Priceline and got two rooms for my family vacation. The Club Quarters Wall Street would be our hotel for the New York City segment of our trip.  From the start, the Service was exceptional. Very attentive. Very accommodating. Even after they found out we were Priceline bookings, they treated us as valued guests. (We have not had the same experience with other chains.)  See below for the issues with room size and how Club Quarters took great care of us.  Some other highs for the Club Quarters Wall Street... - incredibly, and I mean incredibly, clean rooms - great common room with comfy chairs and coffee - a location that was
bubble_50	I like staying at the Club Quarters Wall Street.  A very convenient location, close to the subway, Staten Island Ferry, very good restaurants and attractions.  The rooms are comfortable, The Bailey Pub and Brasserie has delicious food and a wonderful craft beer and wine selection.  The room rates are always competitive too.  So close to ground zero and One World Trade Center as well.
bubble_50	I came to stay here with my boyfriend for Thanksgiving. Our room was clean, spacious for a New York hotel, and had temperature control. We had a queen bed with a microwave, coffee machine and fridge. The bathroom was clean with a stand up shower with plenty of hot water.   The hotel is located close enough to all the subways stations in the financial district. Freedom tower is within walking distance.   Printing is available in the lobby lounge with two available computers, along with a snack area and free drinks. Water is available for free on every hotel floor. The room is accessible only with a hotel card key so it feels very secure.   I am very satisfied with our stay and the concierge is very accommodating with getting rides to the airport.
bubble_50	I was booked here through a Priceline deal for a long weekend stay. It was my first time staying downtown (usually stay in midtown) so I was curious to see how the hotel and area would be overall compared to midtown. I was lucky enough to find street parking nearby for pretty much the entire stay without worrying about being towed so that was a plus. The hotel overall is very nice and the staff were very welcoming and professional. One thing I liked about the hotel was how on our floor (and I'm assuming on each floor), they had a water filter system in the hallway with a stack of brand new plastic bottles available which I have personally never seen at a hotel before. The room we had was a typical NYC small size room but we didn't stay in the room that long so it wasn't an
bubble_40	The location of this Club Quarters is very convenient to the Financial District and Wall Street, and lots of restaurants and pubs nearby.  I reserved a standard room, but I understand they have suite upgrades.  The rooms are small, but normal for NY standards, and very clean.  No frills or luxury, but the price is very reasonable and you have everything you need if you're traveling on business.  They cater to business travelers and the staff is very helpful in that regard.  I would stay here again if I needed to travel for business.
bubble_50	I recently spent two nights at Club Quarters Wall Street. Once again, everything was fantastic. I was exhausted after a five-hour bus trip from Boston. Tsering and Lisa warmly welcomed me the moment I walked through the door. My room was not ready, so Lisa offered me a voucher toward refreshment in the neighboring restaurant. The room was spotless and comfortable, as always. The bath products were lovely, too. I also interacted with Anthony and Bryan, and Michael was kind and helpful when I called the night before my arrival to ask a question. EVERY staff member I encountered was gracious and pleasant. This hotel is my first choice when I go to New York because the experience is always positive. Thank you; I hope to see you again soon.
bubble_50	I had a few business meetings in the financial district and found this hotel. I was pleasant surprised how good the hotel was. I had an easy check in process and the staff was nice and attentive. Especially Mike, Carlos, Ley, Lisa, and Lauren. The room size was decent and clean. They also have free wifi and great coffee in the lobby.I hope to stay here again.
bubble_50	I stayed here during Halloween 2014 weekend.  The hotel staff was very welcoming, was very attentive, and helped replace my not working tv remote, ASAP.  As it was Halloween weekend, i expected to hear some noise outside/inside, and thankfully it was peaceful ALL day and night!  I stayed in the Superior room and it was spectacular.  It was quite large, had tall ceilings, and was super clean.  This was my second stay here, and it will not be my last! Thanks Club Q Wall Street for a great stay!
bubble_50	I found this location to be perfect for my weekend trip i stayed at the hotel just to visit family but found a home away from home front desk staff was exceptional Lauren, Mike Lisa & Leandro even the housman Jose V, Steffon was a great, helping me with my luggage i will stay here whenever i'm visiting the NY.
bubble_20	The staff was particularly unhelpful.  The hotel is on a narrow street in the financial district.  We drove from Philadelphia.  The was no place to unload in front of the hotel and the staff that was hanging out in front of the hotel when we arrived did not offer to help us or tell us where to park.  There is no valet parking.  While they have a relationship with a nearby garage, the hotel staff was not helpful in telling us where it was.  We did eventually find it -- but the hotel staff could have made it a lot easier.  We had a full sized bed -- but it was shorter than normal.  I am 5' 10" and my feet hung out over the end.  We were on the 19th floor -- so the room was very quiet and dark at night -- so we slept week.  The location is good if you have business in the financial
bubble_50	I have stayed previously in Club Quarters Wall Street to be close to the 9/11 Memorial site as I lost family members that tragic day and when I stay at Club Quarters the entire Staff go beyond the job description to make you feel welcomed and comfortable during your stay, they have a warm smile, a friendly word to say, insight beyond any ones knowledge, places to eat, visit, and things to do, directions and assistance 24 hours a day they are the most attentive staff I have ever witnessed at any hotel that I have stayed at in my over 50 years of life. the staff in particular Anthony, Tsering, Bryan. and Lisa are fantastic and every hotel/resort in the world should hire these individuals by name to instruct and teach every hotel staff how to be guest service friendly I have never
bubble_40	Recently stayed in diplomat suite at Wall Street Location and it was a perfect fit for two couples. Our room was quite and clean.  On our first day we visited the 911 memorial (very emotional)which is only a few minute walk away. Day two we went to take a tour of the Statue of Liberty which was also just minutes from the hotel. The hotel staff was very helpful with directions and recommendations for dining.  Parking was close by and easy to find.  Two small negatives. 1. Dinner tray for room next door sat in hallway all evening and into the next day and smelled by morning.  2. Although we paid an extra $40 to have four people in the room we only got enough towels for 2. Unfortunately it was not noticed until shower time in early am and two of us just ended up with hand towels
bubble_30	Stayed for a business trip. Hotel is in great location for dowtntown manhattan and also brooklyn bridge. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was nide too. The room was on the small side and very dark as the winfow was in an odd position. It felt like there was hardly any light entering the room.
bubble_50	I've been staying there about once a month for over a year & will continue to stay there. They have a great staff & will help you with whatever you need. The rooms have always been spotless. Rooms are modern & very comfortable to stay in.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
bubble_40	Staff was very helpful, professional, and accommodating. Accommodations were small but clean and equipped well enough for business travel. Rooms did not have irons/ironing board but staff facilitated overnight pressing and early AM delivery. I would happily stay again.
bubble_40	Recently my husband, son and I went to NY.  One had an argument in court, and the other two were taking Amtrak outside the city to visit a college.  Wall Street is a little off the beaten track but it was great for our purposes.  We had a large suite for a very reasonable cost and it was new, clean and had free wifi, printing services and a decent lobby.
bubble_30	L'hotel non  male in assoluto, certo pulito e comodo come location per chi sta l per lavoro  e ottimamente collegato. Per a quel prezzo un frigo bar in camera e una cassa forte almeno The hotel is not bad at all, certainly clean and convenient location for those who are there to work and very well connect thanks to the numerous subways stops nearby. But at that price a bar fridge in the room and a safe box.. at least
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel for an overnight business trip to NYC. The rooms are modern, clean and comfortable. The amenities available are perfect for business travel and the staff and service were exceptional. The food at the Bailey Pub, which was attached, was great too! Overall it was a great experience for a quick trip.
bubble_50	Like many of us, I sometimes leave personal items behind in a hotel room, and never see them again. This wasn't the case with the housekeeping services at the Club Quarters Wall Street, which acknowledged I'd left an iPhone charging cord in my room, and shipped it to me within a few days. I was surprised and delighted. That said, the accomodations are fine, too.
bubble_30	I spent the weekend attending meetings in Wall Street and I found the location of Club Quarters to be ideal for my business travel and to move around the city (close to several subway stations). However, the room lacked the expected amenities of a business-centric chain. There was only 1 pillow in the room, there was a strangely (and potentially dangerous) positioned shelf directly behind one of the bed's head. The room was VERY small and the bathroom lacked extra towels (quality not great either).  And another first for me, there wasnt a shower mat either.  Phone service was terrible (which I found that to be the case in most places indoor in downtown) and while wifi was ok, it was not password protected (so I decided not to risk it).
bubble_40	I have stayed in various Club Quarters in London and NYC and have found them all to be pretty much the same. Good but not great service and rooms that range from basic to great. This hotel is solid, dependable and fraying round the edges. Had to prompt housekeeping to clean the room on my first day here. The room itself was basic but functional and I like the free water, wifi and coffee. The lounge offers free snacks and soft drinks on a weekday which was appreciated although made the lounge crowded. Overall a four and would not be my first choice next time I am in NYC.
bubble_40	We stayed here for three days on our recent trip to NYC. The location is great, two minutes to the subway and only a short walk to battery park and 9/11 memorial. The room was ok with king size bed, which was really comfortable. Bathrooms are a bit on the small size. Freebies included Free WIFI with good speeds, free bottled water, filter coffee in room, and free snacks and drinks in the club lounge. Loved the iPhone dock in room to charge your phone and able to play music through speakers. The adjoining bar and brasserie was great and you can charge items to your room. Overall an enjoyable stay and a great spot to get around Manhattan.
bubble_40	Well, my girlfriend and I spent two nights in Lower Manhattan this June and Expedia recommended this hotel. Hmmm...Three minute walk to the subway, very small room that was clean, stylish, comfortable, quiet. Quite expensive, but location worth it. We all seem to have had different experiences here, which screams "management." Check-in: the front desk was VERY ALOOF, pointed to the computer check-in terminal and they did not appear to be busy. There were no perks with the room, but I guess not to be expected? Bed was comfortable, shower and toilet clean and in good repair, room was clean.
bubble_30	I almost gave this hotel a 5 star but seeing the weekend did it wrongly. The Pros: We got a very good value for the room over the 9/11 weekend getaway. The room was surprisingly spacious and for the price was uber excellent for 4 persons, there is 1 queen size bed, and a sofa bed. The next factor is the freebies, free Wi-fi, free computer and printer use in the lobby, free drinks (water, soda, coffee). This is also a very good location for A.) the financial District, Lower East and West Side, 9/11 Memorial, plus the Subway station right beneath the Hotel, (Wall St. Station) Express Train Stops here. Overall Room is good, with new and modern beds and amenities.  The Cons: The excellent front desk service was overthrown by the not so par room service, The housekeeping girl that
bubble_40	I had never actually heard of this hotel until I went to hotels.com.  I am so glad we booked it!  I stayed with one of my girlfriends from out of town, and for $40 more we upgraded to a suite.  I have to say, this is the biggest room I have been in outside of a penthouse in Manhattan.  It is near 6 subway lines, the new World Trade Center, Wall Street, a Financial museum, and some really good restaurants.  Also it is not far from the Williamsburg Bridge if you want to check out the hipster club scene.  The staff was super friendly, they have room service, and their own good restaurant and bar. They also offer breakfast.  During our stay, they were filming a Tom Hanks movie down the street, so that was cool.  What I didn't like was that they charged us $40 for checking out late,
bubble_40	I would have given the hotel a 5 if they had some kind of parking system in place. Since I'm no from the NY area, I was hoping for some kind of valet service but instead I got directions to some shady garage where I had to trust some other person from another company to park and care for my vehicle.  Other then that, the hotel suite was far nicer than I had imagined. The queen bed was separated from the living area and sofa bed by a half wall witch was very nice. The staff was very friendly and helping. I do recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	Great clean room with a decent room size. Close to the subway which can take you to Times Square/Central Park. Easy walking distance to 9/11 Memorial.  Decent Pub/Restaurant on main floor and many more within close walking distance.  Room included sink/ fridge / lots of power plugins ( 2-usb plugins by bed + alarm clock with Micro-usb charger) and what i thought was nice was having a Digital thermostat right next to the bed for the nights where your too warm/ too cold you dont have to get up from your sleep to adjust the temp.   Mattress was on the firmer side but still comfortable.  Overall a good experience.
bubble_30	Now, I LOVE Club Quarters, and I do love a lot about this hotel:  the location is great, the lifts are fast, and the local restaurant food delivery for room service is wonderful, and the staff are very friendly. The big BUT is the fact that the beds are just dreadful...hard as a rock.   And last two rooms I stayed in, the AC units did not work so well.  The furnishings and the general air of the place is a bit tired, but still serviceable.    Another plus is the fact that they will bring a mini fridge to your room if you ask.   And the internet is free.  On the whole it is still a great value for the money, but with my back problems, I just can't handle the hard beds!
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed the weekend and had a small but efficient club room. We were in the city so we were not expecting to be in the room much. The hotel is very close to all the lower manhatten tourist places. Quick walk to Battery Park where we visited the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. We also went to the World Trade Center Memorial which is a short walking distance. Easy subway ride to the shows on Broadway which we caught on Saturday and Sunday. I know what to expect at Club Quarters and was very happy.
bubble_40	We arrived in the city early and got to the hotel around noon, they had agreed to hold our luggage while toured around. To our surprise our rooms were ready and we checked in. While this hotel doesn't provide breakfast it does have a very lovely coffee machine it their lobby, we enjoyed making espressos, lattes and the likes. And they even held our luggage after we checked out.  The room was clean and spacious, and conveniently located, all in all it was a lovely stay.
bubble_40	I was looking for an affordable but nice place to stay in Manhattan and Club Quarters did the job. It was a holiday weekend so the place was very quiet in a usually busy area. The location was great because its in a few blocks radius of several subway stations which makes it easier to get around. Our room didn't have much of a view, but we pretty much just needed a place to have our stuff and sleep when we got a chance. The staff was great, rooms were clean, beds were comfortable. Overall if your looking for a place just to stay while you travel through the city, I would recommend it.
bubble_30	This hotel was selected by my firm because of business meetings near Wall Street and the Stock Exchange. Several of us agreed that, apart from its location, it has no other features that would cause us to stay here again. Front desk service is minimal, the rooms are small and unattractive, and in some cases, in need of repair to their finishes.
bubble_50	I enjoyed staying here as you get free wifi that is great and never drops out. You also get complimentary coffee and snacks and $60 flat fee to the airport. The rooms are clean however ours was small it still fed it's purpose. It's easy enough to jump on the subway to manhattan. Overall very happy however would like to be closer to upper manhattan.
bubble_30	If you have stayed at other Club Quarters Hotels youd know what to expect and this one will not disappoint you. The rooms are big and comfortable, in a typical New York way. As in other Club Quarters, those comforters still slide down while you sleep (would love to see new ones!) and the shower curtains could also be improved. But those are minor details compared to the many pluses such as a great staff, free waters and good wi-fi for free. The hotel is in a great location too, just steps from Wall St., the subway and many downtown attractions. Plenty of dining options around too. Can easily be recommended!
bubble_30	I stay at this hotel when visiting for work.  The first few visits were okay.  There isn't much in the vicinity of the hotel, as others have said there is no door man, and no ramp to take your luggage up the steps.  The rooms are small, but comfortable.  The bathrooms are small, they only have showers.  On my last trip, my flight was on time and I made it to the hotel just fine.  The woman that I was traveling with had a flight delay, she arrived to NYC at 2am.  They refused her a room because they were in the middle of a night audit.  How can you turn away a woman who is in the city by herself at 2am?  It was very upsetting, I will never stay with this hotel again.  The perks to this hotel are the snacks in the lobby area and the water coolers and bottles that are on every
bubble_30	Club Quarters is in New Yorks Financial District -- it's a short walk to the New York Stock Exchange, World Trade Center, and the newly revitalized South Street Seaport. I'm a small woman with big luggage, so it was disappointing to arrive and find no wheelchair ramp or elevator - or doorman - to help get my luggage up the two small flights of stairs into the hotel. The people at the front desk were friendly; and the lounge area past the reception looked inviting. I had a Standard Room, and it was spacious enough to stretch out and do a little yoga in (remember, I'm only 5'1" though). It also had a good-sized desk and chair to work from. There's free WiFi, so that was a plus. It would have been much nicer if the room had better lighting, though: The flourescent bulbs and lack
bubble_50	We have stayed here many times.  You can't beat the value, particularly because we go over the holidays when the rates skyrocket.  Staying downtown gets you out of the craziness of midtown and the barricades on NYE (when we tend to go).  The hotel is near most major N/S subway lines so getting anywhere on Manhattan or in Brooklyn is a breeze.   The only drawback is that after 8:00 the neighborhood shuts down other than one strip of restaurants.  The rest of the town keeps going though.  For NYC these rooms are huge.  We often pay a little extra for a business suite which has a fridge microwave and a seating area.  The service is superb.  We are going back again Dec 2014 and I can't wait!  There are several other club quarters locations in NYC.  The only other we have stayed at
bubble_20	I booked this hotel for me, my husband and another couple of friends to stay just one night in the weekend. It was booked through Hotwire.  Check-in was fast and effective. The rooms were small, but that was exptected. They charge 20 dollars plus tax for an upgrade.  The shower was not good. Maybe because we were at the Pent House level, there was not enough water pressure and it took me forever to wash my hair.   The bed is comfy, even though it's a full bed.   At night the room was very noisy because of the AC. Made it really hard to sleep.   During checkout, they charged me 18 dollars for room service that I never requested! I complained and the staff was a little rude. He said he was not going to charge right away, but that it would remain as balance for the hotel until
bubble_30	Stayed here over the weekend because the price was right and it was near the family we were visiting.  Great location in the financial district, though tricky to find places open for lunch nearby on a Saturday.  Handy to the subway.  Room size was good for two and very clean, though we could hear some conversations happening in the adjacent rooms.  Staff pleasant.  Coffee in the lobby very good.  Breakfast in the adjacent restaurant was tasty and convenient.
bubble_40	Me and my wife had a great time during our holidays in New Yorkthe last two weeks.Club quarters is a very good hotel for the city and best located next to train station of wall street.It wasn't very expensive and although the room was small it was very comfortable. The personnel was very polite and helpful.thank you for this experience!
bubble_50	145 by night..reduced from 255.. in wall street hotel .. The room was OK  pics look bigger ..elevators. good Internet service. Metro station in the corner ..  One of the best hotels if you find the good price .. I tried to come back for 3 nights more  but it was out of my budget. .
bubble_50	This was my second stay at this hotel and everything was just as good as I left it from my first time here. The one difference was going into the adjoining bar/restaurant, which was good as well.  The hotel manager Danielle was friendly, gracious and met my needs as a repeat guest, as well as other guests.  My room was comfortable and very clean. WiFi access was perfect with no lagging.  The location was great with subways, eatery's, bars and the South St. Seaport close by. Thanks you Danielle and your staff for another great experience a your hotel...can't wait for my next stay!
bubble_50	I spent two days at this property and I have to say it was super comfortable , super clean and conveniently located in the heart of Wall Street . The subway is right around the corner , shopping is two blocks away and the south street seaport is close as well . The bed was super comfortable and I loved having a lot of channel choices on my down time . Wifi is free and NOT spotty ! Thank you !!! As for service - Anytime I passed by the front desk I was greeted with a smile, even on the auditor shift . Kudos to Danielle the hotel manager for running a wonderful property and staff !
bubble_40	This hotel concept and chain was highly recommended by a colleague. I was expecting a quiet business hotel. What I experienced were kids. Loads of them! And on weekdays. This hotel has a cappuccino machine in the lounge (also make coffees and cocoa), puts out fruit and breakfast bars in the morning, snacks and soda in the evening. Well, I think the parents thought this was a way to avoid feeding their kids a decent meal, not to mention the amount of sugar they consumed with the cocoa and soda.  The cappuccino machine was impossible to get to in the morning, the sofas, chairs and tables were covered in dirty cups, banana peals and breakfast bar wrappers. Granted the staff tried to stay ahead of the kids, but not at all a good start to a day at the office.  This is a very small
bubble_20	Rooms were not ready when we checked in. When we got into the room we were shocked how small it was. The room looks nothing like it does on the web site. The kicker was when I went back down to the front desk to see if there were any bigger rooms available, the manager, Liz, was incredibly rude! Perhaps the most rude manager I have ever dealt  with in any hotel I have ever stayed in. I stay in NYC a few times a year and will not ever be returning here!
bubble_50	I really enjoyed my stay in July 2014. My floor was quiet so i was able to focus on my work at night. The staff was very helpful, in particular Michael and Jose. I will definitely come back again next time i am in NYC!  Zhaoning Yang
bubble_30	I was extremely disappointed by the hotel. I was there for 7 days and wished I had read more reviews. Definitely not what the website depicts. Its not a bad hotel, its just not value for money. An upside is the subway station less than a minute away. Definitely more for business travelers as its stuffy and basic. Other upside is the free wifi
bubble_50	We booked this hotel through Booking.com. Its location is great - just a few steps away from Wall St. Subway line 2&3 is also at the corner of the street. So, it you want to have a few days trip in Manhattan, this would be a great choice for you.   Room is not huge, but very clean and comfortable for a short stay. Highly recommended, although it does not supply breakfast.
bubble_50	Convenient location as it was a few steps away from all of the lower Manhattan attractions. Close proximity to the subway station.  Nice and clean room. Mine was quite large and I had free water at the bottle station just outside the room.   Staff was very corteous and helpful. They helped me to book the airport shuttle and provided me with a phone charger since I had forgotten mine at home.  Would stay there again!
bubble_40	The location is prime, accessible to all the biz locations. The rooms are pretty small, but not an issue if you are out most times and come back to sleep. Local attractions like Broadway, Wall street, Brooklyn bridge, Ground zero and the Hudson river are walking distance. There are lot of local restaurant that serve vegetarian around. Evening snacks are available. Wifi is decent. Staff is courteous and helpful.
bubble_40	I travel for business and chose Club Quarters as it was steps away from where I needed to work.  You can't beat the convenience of walking one block to work.     Pros: Friendly front desk staff, nicely appointed lounge area Free WiFi (I RARELY see this in a NYC hotel!) Convenient location in Wall Street near businesses and tourist sites Steps away from the 2-3 train entrance, and a few blocks from the J-Z line. Clean Room Quick/Efficient response to a minor repair need To Go Water bottle stations  Cons: No doorman...so you must juggle luggage while opening the door Very firm bed, could feel the springs, thin padding (some people like a firm bed, I'm not one of them) Very small room - but this is an older hotel in NY, so this is to be expected Check in area is small, so it's hard
bubble_40	We booked this hotel last weekend for family visit in NYC. Got standard queen rooms which were average in size like most of the NYC hotels. The location is perfect just outside of the Wall Street (2,3) subway station. Close proximity to all of the downtown Manhattan attractions. For breakfast or eating out lot of options available other than the hotel's brasserie. It is allowed to keep the luggage for sometime after checkout. Special mention of the wifi which i found is the strongest of all the hotels i checked in so far.They provide free water which is another big advantage in NYC.What we did not like - we requested for an extra pillow but could not get as the front desk told us that the hotel was fully booked that day(?). The coffe mugs at the lobby were dirty :C . Still this
bubble_40	Stayed in May of 2013 for 5 nights.  Hotel is in a great location, a couple of blocks off of Broadway and a 2 or 3 minute walk to the Exchange.  Lots of restaurants in the immediate area.  Hotel staff was pleasant and accomodating.  Rooms are about what you'd expect for NYC.  I upgraded to a Club Room, but still small by most standards.  Would stay here again.
bubble_40	We stayed at the club quarters hotel due to the proximity to my gf's office location. While she worked I jumped on the subway to explore NY. The Wall Street subway station for the red line are literally around the corner with 2 ticketing machines to buy tickets. Next stop, Fulton street has transfers to other lines as well so it is very easy to go uptown or to the airports. The hotel itself is nice, clean and surprisingly quiet with friendly staff. The hotel has a pub - brasserie which we found a bit loud. The dinning area is combined with the pub area, but the food and service was excellent. They serve Duvel, a solid Belgium beer. Free wifi is always a plus and this one is solid.
bubble_50	Me and my husband stayed at this hotel two weeks ago, We were celebrating our 4yr anniversary  when we checked in and got into our room we had  some sweet treats and wine awaiting us,the personal attention and customer service was awesome. The rooms are just right and the staff is so friendly, I would definitely stay here again. In the past I  have had the pleasure of staying at the Wall street location and the Rockefeller location  one thing i can say the service is  excellent across the board.
bubble_40	I am a native New Yorker. Originally from Staten Island. Came to visit for both business and pleasure in June. Stayed here and was very pleased. Great service for the business oriented person. Free strong wifi. No drops. Free filtered bottle water on every floor made it easy to grab and go. Subway close by, great bars and restaurants. Lee's bagels is always fantastic.  Ferry was right there so I was able to get to staten island quickly.
bubble_40	Nice Stay..I stayed there for business and it is a nice location. The train station (2 & 3 trains) are only steps away from the hotel. You can walk 2 blocks down and get the 4 & 5 trains. The room is a little small but its nice. I like that the hotel offer water bottles and water for the guest. Overall nice stay.
bubble_50	This beautiful hotel in the middle of the financial district is a bit pricy but well worth it.   I love that there is a coffee/espresso machine in the lobby. We used it everyday just prior to setting out on our NYC adventure. They provide complimentary bottled water on each of the floors. There was a computer with internet service and printer next to the elevator on each floor so that you can print work documents, surf the web or print out a boarding pass for your flight.  My room was clean and well thought out. I love that my window looks down on Wall Street and I could see all the commotion from the Stock Exchange from my room. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was clean and decked out the very nice fixtures. Even the soaps that they provide were amazing.
bubble_50	One of the nicer places we stayed. A 2 room suite with a pullout bed in the living room. That was nice as my kids were able to sleep in a separate room from the wife and I. The amenities were great. Water bottle machines on each floor with an extra pillow/blanket locker for use. The best part is they will watch your luggage for you after you check out if you plan on spending that last day walking around. We will be back.
bubble_30	The Hubby and I booked the Hilton Doubletree for our January 2014 trip to NYC and when we arrived to check in we were told that a problem with the boiler was preventing them from checking in new guests. We were told on the spot that we were being relocated to the Club Quarters on Wall Street. We were disappointed since the QC was listed as a 3-star on Hotwire and we had booked a 4-star.  Check-in was messy, probably due to the circumstances, but we were tired after a long trip and were made to wait more than an hour for our room. The staff was apologetic and as helpful as they could be. The rooms are tiny and awkwardly laid out. Also, there were some issues with cleanliness (see photo). However, you cannot beat being just steps away from the subway and within walking distance of
bubble_40	The Club Quarters hotel is a very pleasant hotel with many nice "extra's" like water bottles and dispensers on each floor, free printouts, nice number of snacks available for free close to the reception, etc. This makes the hotel appear very friendly and easy to relate to. In New York the cost is another issue . . . of course. But the rooms are fine, free wifi, nice bathroom and comfy bed.
bubble_40	Last minute emergency, we needed a hotel room to spend the night in, not too far from Wall Street. We got a good deal online (around $180) and were given PH10. The room turned out to be really cute, right under the roof. It's all fairly basic but convenient. The check in process was laborious, the machines weren't working (also for other travelers trying to). The lounge area is convenient with 2 computers, 1 iPad, a printer and internet access as well as drinks. The staff was pleasant. For this price, it turned out to be a good deal within an ideal location.
bubble_50	This hotel was exactly what we have come to expect from Club Quarters. Clean, well appointed, excellent front desk staff and great location. The room was actually pretty big for NYC! We've stayed in various areas of NYC, but this was the first time we've stayed in the financial district. It's an excellent location for site seeing! An easy walk to the Brooklyn Bridge, and an easy walk to the new 911 memorial site. The harbour is also quite an easy walk....so there's plenty to see and do in this area.  We choose Club Quarters often....they're in every city, they're a great value and they are consistent. You always know what to expect and have not been disappointed yet!
bubble_50	I stayed here for 2 nights (Saturday and Sunday) and was very satisfied.   Room is decent size. The king bed consisted of 2 singles pushed together with shared bedding. The quality of the linen was good. Huge flatscreen tv with wide selection of programs. Apple docking station. Great lighting. Modern and functional furnishings without being luxurious.   Bathroom is small but functional. Shower is good size. Decent quality toiletries.  Free wifi is brilliant with a great strength. An excellent feature of this hotel.  Free water bottles and iced water in the hallways.  Staff very friendly and helpful. Stored bags on last day with no problem.  Business lounge with coffee machine and free fruit. Cold water on tap. Comfortable furniture and a nice place to welcome guests. On the
bubble_50	A great place to hang your hat when travelling in NYC. Tucked away on a quiet street, the hustle and bustle of the city in nowhere to be heard ( 16th floor). The rooms are well sized and decortaed well, efficient use of space. Loved that I could walk to the Piers, worked in some sightseeing, a quick trip by NY watertaxi Brooklyn , and evening cruise to Staten Island Free) to see the Statue of Liberty, made my stay so much enjoyable !! Highly recommend for work and play :)
bubble_40	I recently stayed for a second visit at this hotel, and I am happy to report that I have had a great experience twice. I was traveling primarily for business, and this was booked by the organization I was going to NYC to work with.  The rooms I have stayed in were both small, but the space is used efficiently and I can't imagine spending much awake time in my room when I am in NYC, anyway.  The staff is top notch - you can trust their recommendations for food or things to see, and their directions were impeccable. The room was cleaned daily, and was clean. The location is William between Wall and Pine, and there are 4 subway stations within a few blocks that can get you anywhere you need to be.  The hotel is a few steps away from Federal Hall, Trinity Church and the New York
bubble_50	I spent over two weeks in this hotel. The best thing is the location, especially if you are visiting financial district. It is placed 50 meters from the tube. Another great thing is the restaurant and the bar, even though the variety in the food menu is not spectacular. Regular rooms are really really small - I had a bigger one with kitchen anex which is twice the size of the standard.  There is not much to do in the evenings as the area is rather a office district but it takes only 15 minutes to get to most famous places in Manhattan like Times Square, Central Park etc.
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed here for two days while sightseeing in New York City. The staff was very friendly and helpful in regard to assisting us with suggestions as to where the best places to visit. The lobby was beautiful, but for what we paid per night, the room was somewhat small. Keep in mind, this is NYC. The prices for an upscale hotel will be on the the expensive side. But my wife and I expected a little more value in regard to room size for what we paid. The are two subway stops within walking distance of the hotel, which was convenient, and many restaurants in the the vicinity. Over all, a decent stay
bubble_50	Bryan, Anthony, Mike, and Lisa I would like to thank you all for showing me and my girlfriend a great time at your hotel. It was very clean and the hospitality was phenomenal. House Keeping did a great job. The front desk helped us get to several great locations down in the financial district. I can gladly say I will be returning back to your hotel.
bubble_50	I had no idea that such a superb extended-stay hotel would be available in New York City for such a reasonable price.  I stayed at the hotel from March 31 through June 6, 2014, and did not consider finding another location to stay. The hotel itself was well appointed and situated in the heart of the Financial District.  It was in easy walking distance of many, many superb eating establishments.  This included the Bailey which is in the same building.  I was most impressed with the considerate and professional staff of the hotel to include Lisa, Lauren, Michael, Anthony, Bryan, and Leandro.  They were always courteous and very interested in making my stay a most enjoyable one.  There was no question that I asked that was not promptly answered with the answer going the extra mile
bubble_50	I loved my stay at Club Quarters. The location is convenient to the subway and of course all of the financial district/Wall street area. Some things I loved about the Club Quarters: free wi-fi in the rooms; clean, quiet, sound-proof rooms; cold filtered water and refillable water bottles on every floor (very green and very convenient); comfortable beds; friendly staff. The only downside for me was the location being a bit far away from the main attractions I wanted to visit (Broadway, the Village, the museums uptown); however, because the subway stop is so convenient to the hotel, it was fine. Of course if you have business in the area it would be ideal. The upside to being downtown is that it is really pretty quiet and seems to be pretty safe at night and on the weekends. You
bubble_20	Just wanted to share my frustration. Before check in, contacted a hotel agent name Shana (?) regarding hotel fee. That person wouldn't  send a confirmation email and she just hung up on me.  I believe it was not a case of bad connection because she had my profile in front of her, I.e, she had my email and phone number.  I later contacted my travel agent who contacted them on my behalf and confirmed they wouldn't send confirmation email.   Not sending an email confirming  voice statement is bad service. Hanging up on a client is just rude.
bubble_30	This hotel is a great value for Manhattan, and the rooms are clean and sufficient. Parking at a nearby lot was only $28 for 24 hours, good for NYC. It's well within walking distance of 9/11 Memorial Museum, Wall Street, Staten Island Ferry and more. No continental breakfast but there are coffee shops in walking distance.  The only real negative was the loading zone in front of the hotel. We parked our car by the bag loading cones and went in to get our bags. We weren't gone but 5-10 minutes and we had a $115 parking ticket on our car. The hotel needs to warn guests of this action and tell them to keep someone with the car. It's ridiculous. NYC collects about $600 million a year in parking fines revenue each year, more than twice as much as any other US city. Chicago is a distant
bubble_50	Fantastic 2 night stay  Central, clean and comfortable with very helpful friendly staff Great facilities, cold filtered water on each floor, super fast wifi, tea/coffee facilities in a very comfortable lobby area Would highly recommend this hotel
bubble_50	I really searched for a great hotel, with nice accommodations, at a great rate -- and found it here at Club Quarters.  Gracious staff,  exceptionally nice (modern, pristine cleanliness, well appointed) and well-equipped room (lots of plugs for all your equipment). Everything you'd need for business or personal (even a free printout service or place to recharge your equipment should you need it) and so much more.  Will definitely return AND recommend to friends.  There are other locations within the city, too. Photos on their website accurately reflect what you'll find in your room, too!
bubble_50	I loved this hotel - perfect location. It's just steps away from a subway stop, and a couple blocks from other trains. Being downtown was great; you're away from the masses uptown and around TSQ. The room was small, but had everything I was after - bed, TV and clean bathroom. There was an iHome alarm clock which was sweet too. They offer free bottled water, which we always made sure we had a full bottle or two before setting out for the day. Great place to stay with 1-2 guests.
bubble_40	The hotel was overall very nice , receptionist were very helpful , friendly and nice, room that i stayed in was very good and  not small if you compared to hotels in Europe , i enjoyed the free WiFi in the room , free filtered water machine in the floor and the free snacks and drinks in the lobby, The hotel is on a walk-able distance from statue of liberty and there is a subway just beside the hotel that can get you to time square in few minutes, i really recommend the hotel if you want to stay in wall street area.
bubble_50	Despite the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in (smaller than most European hotels) we had a great stay at the Club Quarters. The hotel is located near several tourist attractions and subway stations for easy commute around the city. The hotel also offered fantastic wifi (couldn't believe how fast it was), free water on each floor, and a lounge off the lobby with computers and printers. The staff were also very friendly and helpful. If I happened to be in NYC for a week I might look to upgrade my room size but this hotel is perfect for a short stay.
bubble_50	I know these hotels and they are supremely functional - free, open wifi, filtered water machines on every floor, snacks in a business center, rooms big enough for a yoga mat - and not generally long on luxury. But the staff at this hotel were worthy of the Ritz Carlton. I had trouble with my key and a lovely woman at the front desk walked me through it. When the key didn't open my room, a man called Carlos volunteered to help me out even though he was off the clock. He walked me up and tried the door - and when it didn't work, summoned another lovely human being Victor (and another) to make sure I got in. I was in mean spirits being delayed yet again from getting my presentation ready, but Carlos talked me down in the nicest way, so much so that I was relaxed enough to get it
bubble_40	It's a nice place to stay. The room is very clean, a bit small though but cosy. At time you could clearly hear the neighbors ))The staff is really friendly. I saw some comment below that the room is cold, but there's a heater in the room so you can adjust the temperature to make it warmer. Maybe some people just did not know how to use it rt did not notice it at all.
bubble_30	We stayed here in April because it was the least expensive hotel room that we could find that we would consider staying in within Manhattan. Staff was very friendly, free Wi-FI, nice lobby area with a free coffee machine. Rooms are VERY small but big enough for two of us to spend one night in. It seemed like everyone on our floor were very young and were blasting their music, but they did turn it off at night. Also there is a restaurant/bar connected to the hotel which was a nice place to get a drink at night. I would probably spend another night there if I did not plan on spending much time in the room and was going to be in lower Manhattan.
bubble_40	We stayed here Memorial Day weekend for a graduation on Staten Island and some city time. Great location to subway. We had two teenagers and the room worked well for us. My only complaint, but it is NYC, the bathroom was definitely too small to do any sharing! The staff was quite friendly and helpful. Loved the fact we could fill up with cold,filtered water each morning and night.
bubble_50	This hotel was extremely nice.  The staff was friendly and accomodating.  The room was very nice, we were upgraded to a suite and allowed in before check-in time.  I was glad beacuse I needed to change my clothes.  The suite was clean and had all of the ammenities.  The hotel was within walking distance of the subway and right in the heart of the financial district.  The price was really good for a holiiday weekend.
bubble_40	We stayed here for Memorial Day weekend. RIGHT off subway (red line wall st. stop), made getting in from Penn station a breeze. Hotel staff was very friendly. Rooms a great size for NYC, at a decent price. Fantastic wifi. Locations within walking distance were Battery Park, Wall St, Seaport Historic District, and Brooklyn Bridge. All other attractions we were interested in were an easy subway ride. Bed was comfortable, water was hot. No complaints. A major bonus for us was the free, chilled filtered water, bottles included. We filled 2-3 bottles every morning and had water throughout the day while walking around the city. Sounds like a small perk, but walking around in the hot sun, we were SO thankful for that minor perk. Will certainly use this hotel, NYC or not, again.
bubble_40	The rooms are small, but clean. The inconvenient are: bad insulation of rooms (you can hear almost anything in the corridor) and noisy air Cond. The elevator works with the room card. there is no breakfast, but there are some snacks and soft drinks in the lobby.
bubble_50	I had stayed overnight at the Club Quarters Hotel the evening of May 8, 2014 to visit my daughter who was in fro AZ on business.  She left early for the airport the next day.  I was having difficulty due to my medical issues and the front desk staff, unaware of my challenges,  could not have been more accommodating.  The front desk personnel, Anthony Duma and Bryan Stephens,  went out of their way for me.  From letting me stay past check out to wait for my ride in the room (I needed the bed since it was too difficult to sit in the lobby), printing out tickets for the World Trade Center Memorial, and even helping my sister navigate the confusing streets by phone and holding a parking space for her so I could collect my belongings.  On the way out, he then presented us with a pass
bubble_50	Clean quiet and easy to get to bye train front staff was great tsering, mike, bryan, leandro, lisa lauren , and Anthony rooms where very clean I love the penthouse superior room I was in if you visit I recommend going to stone street nice bars and places to eat enjoyable place:)
bubble_50	This hotel was great, on arrival the Front of House staff were helpful and the hotel was clean and tidy throughout. The room was very good as well and the amenities provided were also very good. The cleaning staff were helpful just like the front of house staff and the room was always cleaned to a good standard. Location was perfect, close to the harbour and the metro was just around the corner as well. Would defiantly use this hotel again.
bubble_10	We travelled to Club Quarters in February on business and stayed there for a good 10 days. It was a horrible decision that we regret the decision we made. We arrived on a chilly snowy morning and struggled through the main door which wouldn't just budge despite us pushing through with all our might. None at the reception cared to help us with the door or carrying our bags through the flight of stairs. The hotel is linked to a restaurant owned by some one else and the options for breakfast or meals are very limited. The rooms were small and claustrophobic. Getting attention from staff was a task in itself. You can easily be awoken by loud chatter in the adjacent rooms or someone walking heavily outside the rooms.   Unless you have money to waste I would advise you to stay from
bubble_10	Checked out of this absolutely dreadful property immediately after checking in - hotel charged my credit card for 3 nights, and after numerous disputes with American Express, Club Quarters submitted a folio claiming that I never checked out.   Stay away!
bubble_30	I used this hotel for business and stayed here for 5 days. It's ok for a short term stay, but I noticed that I wasn't getting consistent a sound night of sleep. The rooms have thin walls and the windows are fairly thin as sound just poured through them. I could hear my neighbors' conversation with his family on speaker phone and every time he left the room. The plus sides are fast internet, espresso machine, and random snacks in the lobby. It has a convenient location to the World Trade Center and Wall Street. I probably wouldn't stay here if I was going to be here any longer than 2 days. If you're sensitive to noise, be aware.
bubble_50	I thoroughly enjoyed my penthouse suite this past weekend. Room was clean and staff was quite courteous and helpful, in particular Michael and Lisa! It definitely shows that they enjoy their work.  I look forward to staying there again upon my next trip to NYC!  Tom Siwicki
bubble_40	Stayed for three nights for work related travel. Clean, modern, attractive. Room was small but not tiny; just right for me on a business trip. 25 steps fromt eh Wall St station of the 2,3 train , so I took the train from Penn Station instead of a taxi. Desk with outlets including USB port; strong free WiFi signal on every floor; secure facility requiring a tap room key for elevator operations. The "living room" was ample, attractive and had both cookies and healthy snacks -- a great option for meeting a colleague if I didn't want to meet in my hotel room.  Restaurant with (loud) bar downstairs, from which room service was available. Fast check in and check out. Only drawback - a short flight of marble stairs at entry - a little hard with rolling suitcases. Will definitely stay
bubble_40	The good bits:  - Well priced... As there was 3 of us staying, we stayed in a larger room. This consisted of one bedroom, and a good sized lounge with a sofa bed. The room for 4 nights was around 1000, which on an Easter weekend was cheap in comparison to the rest of manhattan for 3 people. All in all good value for money - Clean Room... All in all the room was clean and well equipped. Nice sized tv x2, decent sized fridge. - Good location... Even though we had never been to New York before, we found that the city was a good location to stay! Right next to Wall St metro station with lines going directly into the heart of Manhattan, we were never too far from the action without being directly in it. Never took us more than 10 mins to get anywhere. Well also had ground zero and
bubble_40	Stayed at this hotel for one night. The location, just off Wall St, is perfect. I was able to take a 10 min walk to the waterfront that overlooks Brooklyn and the Bridge. The subway is also 1 min away.  Rooms were clean with free wifi, which is a great bonus.  Just a short 5 min walk away is the bars of Stone St. There was a very good atmosphere on this closed cobbled street. Well worth a visit to catch the atmosphere of the city, especially at happy hour.  Check in and out was fast and easy.  Overall, a pleasant one night stay in this convenient downtown hotel.
bubble_40	Club Quarters, William Street has a friendly and efficient reception, perfect location around the corner from Wall Street and Wall St subway station, coffee all day in the ground floor lounge with computers if needed.  The room was well equipped room with fridge, coffee maker and microwave.  There is water on each floor with supplies of bottles - very useful. The attached Bailey was good for a bite or drink.  There are plenty of other choices also within walking distance.  Try upstairs in the Dead Rabbit on Water Street for an interesting experience. The only negative for me was a constant droning sound (ac ?) outside the room which was on a high floor but towards the back . . then again I had got a good deal so was happy to use ear plugs!
bubble_40	I guess since most of their clientele is for business, I got a great price for a Fri-Sun stay. The rooms are a great size, they have amenities like filtered water fountains, ipod docking stations and nice (not some weird name) TVs.  The bathroom sink was a little high for me, but I'm 5'2" and 37 weeks pregnant so it was mostly my belly getting in the way. Also the walls seem really thin. I could hear every time my neighbors flushed their toilet. There is also no continental breakfast- I didn't think about it until I was looking for an early snack. Overall the service was friendly (I was able to check in really early) and the room was great. I also liked how quiet it was and I could hop on the 2,3,4 or 5 and go anywhere in NY or BK.
bubble_50	First trip in NY and I enjoyed my stay at Club Quarters really much! Location is perfect to access the subway (the subway station is just 20m from the entrance), discover Wall Street and visit Battery Park & the statue of liberty.  Hotel offers a great room service (different restaurants have partnered incl an indian restaurant or the hotel brasserie), purified water, coffee, tea, fruits avaliable in the lobby all day long. People working there were helpful. There is a gym too in the building.  The room was big and quiet. I had one near the elevators so a little bit of noise so If you wish to have complete silence just ask for a room away form the elevators. Room and bathroom were perfectly clean and up to date.  I will be staying at Club Quarters again if I come back to NY!
bubble_30	This hotel is definitely designed for traveling business people. The free wi-fi is nice and the staff was nice but the location leaves much to be desired. Situated in the financial district, you learn that "city that never sleeps" is just a myth. Everything closes early and there isn't much going on during the weekend. Also, cabs are less than thrilled to take you "all the way to the financial district" when you are trying to get back from upper Manhattan.
bubble_40	Club Quarters is in a great downtown location, literally seconds away from Wall Street.   Rooms themselves are function, however could do with modernisation. Good free wifi is a good plus though for the hotel.   The bar next door is great for breakfast, drinks or dinner.   If in NY on a budget then would recommend.
bubble_40	Just spent 4 nights here on a business trip. The location for me was great as less than 5 minutes to the office, and less than 3 minutes to the bars and restaurants of Stone Street. There's also a subway right next to it which is very convenient. The lobby is quite underwhelming when you enter, could really do with being freshened up a bit. However, the staff are friendly, attentive and professional and the rooms were perfectly suitable for my purposes. The bed was comfy, the room was quiet, and it was relatively large for Manhattan. Everything was kept spotlessly clean and there's complimentary water, soda, coffee, and some snacks. Used the gym which was small but good. The next time I'm over I will probably see what else is available, but will keep this one firmly in the back
bubble_50	I recommend Club Quarters to friends, family and businesses for a welcoming stay.  Not only is it convenient for me to take transit and travel but the staff is also extremely helpful with directions, specially Lauren Latorre and Michael Thornton.    I was offered menus and directions to locations I requested for.  Michael did me the favor and printed me directions for a location I was interested in.  Lauren offered me assistance in luggage and providing info about the area which made my stay very pleasant and easy to approach front desk when i had a question which was convenient.   Later that night I realized the temperature in the room was rising as it made it unpleasant to sleep.  I immediately called the front desk as I receive assistance from Lauren on how to operate the
bubble_40	We stayed here on our recent trip to NYC. It was not only affordable for our family, but it was a great location. We were able to explore the surrounding areas, with ease. The subway was right around the corner which made it easy to explore the bustling sounds of the city--which we did lots of! Take advantage of the hotel's amenities like free bottled water and soda. The pillows were awesome, but you may need an extra. The staff was friendly and accommodating. We would definitely stay here again. Skip the restaurant for meals--there are better options available. It's fine food, but better and more affordable  options all over town. We will definitely stay here again when our piggy bank is full again! ;)
bubble_50	The staff is absolutely unbelievable - beyond words how professional, courteous and down right awesome they are.  They made a very, very special weekend that much more special and they should be the industry standard as far as customer service goes.    Was very impressed by the size of the room for a Manhattan hotel.  Bed was comfy, flat screen got a ton of HD stations, bathroom was impeccably clean.    I could go on forever - but I'll spare the long-winded review.   Do not hesitate to book at Club Quarters Wall Street.   Bryan at the front desk deserves a raise.
bubble_50	Stayed at Club Quarters over the Easter weekend and my expectations were exceeded in every way.  The staff were extremely nice and the hotel itself was immaculate in terms of its cleanliness.  The rooms were a little small but roomy enough to where you are not totally on top of each other.  I really liked the Financial District.  It's very laid back and would stay in this area and hotel again.  Priceline definitely did well for me on this one.
bubble_40	We recently stayed at the hotel for three nights.  The hotel is a little old but well maintained with comfortable rooms.  The free coffee, sparkling water and M&Ms downstairs were great.....the M&Ms and other things only appeared on a weekday...coffee and water there all the time. The price for the location is exceptional.  Close to Battery Park, 911 Memorial and other financial district sights.  Close to two metro lines that take you up to Times Square and further up depending on what side of Central Park you need to be.  If you drive, the liberty plaza parking garage is very close by.  Just one thing...no safe in the room......in this day and age it is a little strange to come across this!!  There are safety deposit boxes in a central location but not suitable for laptops and
bubble_50	Very nice place for the price we stayed April  had a room very high I think 16th fl clean room and the staff was terrific Lauren, Leandro, Mike, Lisa all where very helpful and steffon who helped me with all my luggage,  the location was very close to train station's and south street seaport pier where we enjoyed the view and shopping I look forward to coming back.
bubble_40	I've been in bigger hotels i. Tokyo but the location is evert hong when you work in the financial district thank you for the quality of service. I was surprised that the rooms were small but the quality of the room es excellent. Free wifi and plenty of plugs for us needs with tech gear. The restaurant was exceptional and servers worked hard even though this was Easter.
bubble_50	We stayed in a suite for 6 nights and our family of 4 couldn't be happier. The suite is large by New York standards. No door between rooms, bit the 2 spaces are distinct, even with 2 separate heating/cooling zones. Lots of windows.  The kitchenette is minimal, but there is a store right around the corner and an awesome coffee machine in the lobby.  I was pleasantly surprised to have a tub and not just a shower. Breakfast in the room saved us time and money. Several subway stops are located nearby and the area is relatively quiet at night. Be sure to check out the restaurants/pubs on Stone Street. Rooms are very clean and staff very friendly and professional.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a weekend, and was pleasantly surprised by the value we got for our money. The free fast wifi connection throughout the hotel is amazing. Rooms are comfortable and luxurious, ipod dock, coffeemachine, blowdryers, and much more. The staff at front desk is very polite and helpful. Especially Lisa, who helped me out when I was in a pickle, and didn't think twice about going the extra mile, she is so friendly. This has been a vey pleasant surprise and I'd certainly recommend this hotel for your weekends in New York.
bubble_40	Stayed there for the second time on a business trip to NYC.  Location is great near many businesses in the Financial District.  Rooms are large by NYC standards but the prices are extremely reasonable compared to other hotels in the area.  Check in and out was a breeze.  Staff at desk very friendly and helpful.  Enjoyed the lounge downstairs and free wifi throughout the hotel.  Yes, free.  Will definitely stay there again when I am back in the area.
bubble_40	Its the little things that truly make the difference, free high speed wifi throughout the hotel, coffee machine in the room, free snacks, soda's and lattes or cappuccino at the lounge downstairs.  If you need to stay in the finical district, look no further. I didn't, yet it is right next to the wall street subway station and the rest of the city is easily accessible from there. Its walking distance from the 9/11 memorial, The famous wall street bull  and the ferry to the statue of liberty.
bubble_30	The Club Q was pleasant stay in the financial district. It is only a block from Wall St.  I arrived at about 9:30am and I was told that my room was ready  but to check in early I would need to pay a 38.00 surcharge.  That was a first for me in all my travels.  Room 1616 is a small adequate room with one double bed. It had a microwave and small frig. The black out curtains were a great addition.   I used priceline and got the room for 164.00 a night Saturday through Monday.   At that price I would stay again.
bubble_40	Very nice hotel.  Rooms were clean and staff were helpful. I had a mechanical issue with the room temp. And it was fixed quickly.  Close to the subway and easy to get around NYC even though in Lower Manhatten.
bubble_50	I had a very long week to say the least, and Ms. Latorre, the Guest Service Manager at Club Quarters Wall Street location in NY, NY was so helpful to me for my stay last night that I wanted to make sure to congratulate her as well as her staff on their assistance.  Bottom line, CQ (Club Quarters) really takes care of their clients and this is by far the best place to stay in FiDi (Financial District) of Manhattan.  Can't say enough great things about Ms. Latorre and CQ !!
bubble_50	Had a dilemma with sleeping arrangements after our night on the town and Lauren Latorre was an excellent help late that night with a room change. And within the process gave us a great of $20 on an upgrade. So far our stay has been wonderful.
bubble_50	The service and security was excellent. Lauren was fantastic, she gave us a upgrade and it was very excellent. Travelocity gave us misleading information and said Club Quarters had a pool and they did not give us the right information. We will book directly through Club Quarters next time. My experience was very good.
bubble_50	Last week was my first stay at Club Quarters as a result of the high recommendation from a friend who frequents the New York and SF CQ locations. I must say that I couldnt have asked for a better stayall four days I was there were extremely pleasant. The staff members, Lauren, Lisa, Leandro, Jose V., and Mike T. were all extremely professional, accommodating, and friendly. I was content when Mike at the front desk informed me Internet at CQ was complimentary. He also took the liberty of providing me with menus for some of the local restaurants, in case I didnt want room service or food from Baileys, the hotels adjoining bar/restaurant. However, I must admit, Charlys, which offers 24-hour delivery, hit the spot!   I stayed on the eighth floor in a clean, quaint room with a
bubble_40	The biggest plus about this place is that, if you are really friendly with the staff, they can help you a lot. My flight at LaGuardia was 7:30 am, and they let me stay in the lobby/2nd floor chairs from midnight until I had to leave. Normally, hotels either force you to pay for another night or leave. I loved this exception.
bubble_50	This place is absolutely an awesome place to stay. Michael, Lisa and Tsering at the front desk are so helpful.  No matter what your needs are they have all the information that you need.  The staff here are very pleasant and knowledgeable.  The hotel is clean and wonderful they only think about their guest and how to make there stay very pleasurable.  Thank you all for all of your support this is my first time in New York and I would come back again because of your hospitality.  Thanks so much! Erik T. Flaig
bubble_50	Such an incredible experience! From the moment we entered, the hotel was clean, warm, and the staff was fantastic. Guest services managers Anthony Duma and Bryan Stephens were welcoming, funny, polite, sincere, and a complete joy to see throughout our stay! Upon finding out that we were there to celebrate my birthday, they sent a bottle of wine, coconut cookies, and trail mix up to our room on behalf of the staff! We were BLOWN AWAY! They continued their assistance with fantastic suggestions of sites to see and restaurants to try, always having a few options for us to choose from. The hotel room was clean, organized, and just what we needed for an overnight, and the complimentary water bottles on every floor and coffee/expresso machine in the lobby were cherries on the top of a
bubble_50	I just wanted to say that this time I stayed at this location and has been really awesome. Michael and Lisa have been the best in customer service unlike my stay at the Club Quarters at the World Trade Center last April when a metal ceiling tile fell on me getting out of the shower. For being an older hotel, I would definitely recommend this hotel over that one any day. Feel free to edit this how you wish if you post my comment publicly due to last years experience. Many thanks. Michael Marco.
bubble_50	My husband was running the NYC half marathon and when we realized we would have to stay in the city the night before due to an early race start, I thought we wouldn't be able to afford it. I was surprised and very pleased to find this hotel, round the corner from where the race ends, for a great price. It was perfect. He was able to take the subway up to the start and after the race, just walk back and shower. Check out time is noon, which gave us plenty of time to relax and hangout for a bit. Parking was round the corner, they have a deal with a parking garage, and this also worked out great and was very reasonable for New York. The room is small, but had everything we needed, it was also very quiet. There is a lovely restaurant and bar on the premises. There is all the coffee
bubble_50	I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel I booked online. It wasn't in a tourist area but we found a lot of things to do. We found a great department store called Century 21 a few blocks away with great deals. The desk clerks were really nice especially Mike and Leandro. Also  they have free wifi and  a great coffee machine that make cappuccinos and lattes. We hope to stay here on our next visit.
bubble_40	My friend booked us here for two nights and our first impression was the the hotel room was small, but that's just with almost every hotel in the Manhattan area.  Don't expect a grand entrance type of hotel, the lobby is small but very nice.  The lobby has two computers(one PC, one Mac) as well as an iPad to print your boarding passes and things like that.  Complimentary snacks, fruits and drinks in the lobby.  Complimentary water machine is available on every floor with empty water bottles for guests.  Our room like I said was small and had basically no view and that's to be expected in a crowded area like Wall St.  The Wall St subway station is about 30 seconds walk from the entrance of the hotel and will get you to Time Square in about 15 minutes.    If you are coming in from
bubble_50	My stay at Club Quarters was all that I could ask for and then some .. The service from Mr. Michael Thornton was amazing so professional made me so welcome very polite and caring made me feel so at home with my stay.. will stay there when going back to nyc .  If going ask for Michael you will not be disappointed.
bubble_50	I have been a regular at Club Quarters Wall Street for the past 6 months, going there every other week.  First off, the staff at Club Quarters are top notch.  Second, you get a good value for your stay at Club Quarters.  They have a Cappucino Machine on the lobby that is great in the morning.  Also during weekdays they stock the lobby area with morning snacks.  Further they provide the guests with filtered bottled water - as much as you want.  They provide free Wi-Fi which is great.  In addition they have computers for use in the lobby.  For those for travel frequently to this location, they will store your luggage for your next stay free of charge.  Lastly they can arrange for transportation to and from the airport, just ask the people at the lobby.    Rooms are nice and clean.
bubble_50	Want to feel like a welcomed guest? Step inside Club Quarters Wall Street. They never fail to go beyond what I've asked, whether it's an upgrade or a dinner recommendation or walking directions. This is a comfortable stay for business travellers seeking a room that meets all your needs, including connectivity & good work space. Impeccably clean. Not the place for you if you want a huge room. I enjoy the subway entrance at the corner of the building for 1 of the main lines. I enjoy both he restaurant and bar at ground level. Close to WTC; probably equidistant to Hudson and East rivers; quick walk to South Street Seaport.
bubble_50	Stayed there on back to back nights because my flight was canceled. On my second night the night manager Leondrow was really nice. He gave me and an  upgrade and helped me order some late night food. I had a comfortable room  with a king size bed.
bubble_50	Enjoyed my stay. After long days of work, it was nice to return to my room to peace and quiet. Room was clean and staff was exceptionally helpful. The front desk clerks, Michael and Lisa, were quite informative and always greeted me with smiles.   I look forward to my next trip to NYC!  Angelica Garzon
bubble_50	Just what we were looking for, during a trip to the financial district. Comfortable and clean. Well located - just a short walk to many of the companies nearby, plus South Street Seaport and Stone Street. We also recommend Francus Tavern. Very nice staff. Plus, we really appreciated the free coffee, tea and water bottles. The lounge on the ground floor was perfect for sipping coffee and warming up!
bubble_50	The hotel is convenient, it's low key and out of the way of the madness of midtown with an exceptional staff who really will accomodate you to the best of their abilities. This will be my main hotel to stay in downtown for work and relaxation.  Michael, Lisa, Bryan, Leandro, Lauren, Anthony and Tsering (I hope I got all the names right), are to be commended for being class acts and pure professionals even while I've observe them handling some challenging situations and rude people. Thank you again!
bubble_40	Visiting NYC is a necessity for us, since half of our family lives there. Finding a big enough hotel that doesn't break the bank is always a challenge. We were lucky enough to stumble upon Club Quarters a few years ago. We stay in the two-room suite, which is perfect for our family of four. It has all the amenities for a young family (mini-kitchen, 2 separate rooms, sleeper sofa), minus the bath tub. The room is pretty spacious for NYC. It's not super close to any of the family friendly attractions, but the subway is close and convenient to get to from LGA or JFK. We stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Battery Park, which was nice, but not as budget friendly as Club Quarters.
bubble_50	Our son lives in the city, so we've visited many times before, but a business section to the trip caused us to use another hotel. We typically stay right off Broadway, but the conference was in the Wall Street area and "home base" was Club Quarters on Williams between Liberty and Wall. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are not large, but are very comfortable and they have provided lots of storage. Things we really like: water purifiers with bottles to fill on every floor, restaurant on site, fitness center, FREE laundry center (with soap provided), Guest Request Closet on each floor with "guest most requested items" at your fingertips (pillows, irons and boards, coffee, mending kits, blankets, etc). The price was much better than what we are used to paying and
bubble_50	I had a great time here very convenient to the train and lots to do on stone street which was recommended by Michael & Lisa the entire staff was great, my room was very comfortable I had a microwave & fridge truly enjoyed my stay I would recommend if your looking for cozy and quaint...
bubble_50	I have stayed at this hotel several times. During my most recent visit, Lisa warmly welcomed me and checked me into Room 1404. It was spacious, comfortable and spotless (the bathroom was great, too). EVERYONE I encountered that weekend was extremely gracious. Unfortunately, I did not get all of the employees' names. But the standouts (in addition to Lisa) were Bryan, Tsering, and Liz. The location is wonderful, but the service, cleanliness, and affordability are the main reasons Club Quarters Wall Street is my first choice whenever I travel to New York. I can't wait to return, and I will continue to recommend it to family and friends.
bubble_30	Rooms are adequate for a business traveller. Gym is well equipped. There is a relatively poor selection for breakfast, but the dinner menu is much more extensive. The Bailey Pub is great for an after work beer if you are based in lower Manhattan.
bubble_30	This is not a bad hotel, though you get what you pay forand depending on the night, this can vary widely.  I have stayed here more than any other hotel in NYC and would recommend it, though you should know what youre getting into.  Pros:  This is in a very convenient location; close to the subway, restaurants and anywhere you could be working downtown.  Although the rooms are relatively small, they are very well thought out.  Water bottles are available on each floor to fill with cold filtered water (this is one of my favorite features of this hotel chain).  There is a cool coffee Machine in the lobby that makes cappuccinos, Caf Lattes, hot chocolate and the like (free).  Most days (not all), there are light snacks in the morning (granola bars, apples, etc.) and
bubble_40	I stayed here for a couple days right before the holidays.  I shared a room with my mom.  All in all the room was kind of small but I guess that is to be expected in New York.  I did think the bathroom was spacious.  I thought that the desk was nice for working as I had a couple of projects that I had to work on that week.  I thought the bed was nice and the TV was positioned nicely in front of the bed so that watching TV after a day of sight-seeing was relaxing (as I've been to some hotels that completely misplace the TV).  One of the things I wasn't crazy about was that the hotel had a very business-y feel to it (as I was in NYC to be a tourist), but I guess that is to be expected when in the Financial District.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and thought that the
bubble_50	Stayed two nights at this hotel last minute around New Years when a lot of hotels were booked up. My son lives in Brooklyn so the convenience to the Subways couldn't be beat. We found the room through Hotels.com. When I arrived they informed me that my wife and I had a room with a full size bed.. But they upgraded us to a queen in a larger room at no cost! Front desk staff all the way to the housekeeping staff was exceptional. Brian, Anthony, and Michael were all attentive and sincere with us. (A smile and a hello everytime you enter the building goes a long way.) Free internet, bottled water, and not to mention great snacks in their lobby area for free as well! I will definetely recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to NYC and needing to stay in the Downtown area.
bubble_40	visited 28-31st December was worried we would be far out here but wall street subway line is just outside hotel. room was small but we were only in it to sleep. air conditioning unit is noisy and does let in cold air every so often, but not a major problem.Bed was just a small double. rooms are dated but clean. There is a deli shop to the right of the hotel does amazing wraps and sandwiches and sells crisps and drinks brilliant for when we first got there. Hotel has bottled water on each floor and iron and board for guests to use. We used subway to get around up to central park etc with many lines having a stop nearby hotel. We used the red line 1,2,3 mostly. Fares are $2.75 for one way and you could pay in cash or with your card. Hotel is close to Brooklyn bridge, 911 memorial
bubble_50	I very much enjoyed my stay here at Club Quarters Wall Street, New York, NY. The service has been outstanding. I stayed at this hotel for 4 days. One day, I forgot to put my ring on and left it out on the bed stand in the open while I went out to tour the state. I was afraid to come back to an empty stand that night but saw that it was placed right where I left it. I couldn't stop thanking the employee that cleaned rooms on our level that night. Her name was Edilma (goes by the name Lulu). I very much appreciate her honesty and loyalty to her job and service at Club Quarters. I could have lost a very expensive and sentimentally meaningful ring. One could imagine how thankful and grateful I was for this lady's character of being honest. Aside from the room service, the men at the
bubble_30	We stayed in this hotel for 4 days during our trip to NYC.  The room is modern and simple with everything you needed.  Our standard size room has a microwave, small fridge, small coffee maker, and good water pressure. Complimentary filter water with water bottles in the hallway.The only thing I didn't like about this hotel is the room is VERY VERY small.  Bathroom is tiny with not enough counter spaces. If you ever been to a cruise ship cabin, imagine the size of the room and bathroom.  The heater was  noisy at night.   For some reason, our room was not cleaned for 2 days.  But it was taken care of after notified the front desk.  The hotel lobby is small as well. Big screen TV, 2 guest computers with printer, couches, chairs, and 2 tables with chairs for eating.   Complimentary
bubble_50	I traveled to NY every week for over 6 months and Club Quarters Wall Street was a home away from home.  Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Lisa.  Over the 6 months staying there every week, she went above and beyond to make you feel welcome.  She has a fabulous memory and an eye for details that makes each stay more enjoyable.  Looking forward to traveling to Club Quarters Wall Street in the new year.
bubble_40	We found the hotel room to be very nice, recently updated, and looked to be oriented to business travelers, which we expected.  The staff were very helpful and there was a filtered water dispenser with water bottles provided for guests in the hallway.  While somewhat removed from the main areas of interest for tourists, with some practice and advance guidance, the subway is very nearby and opens access to the broader city.    We visited for a long weekend, and the area was understandably void of much pedestrian street traffic, but once Monday morning rolled around it was much more crowded (i.e., Wall Street is just a few blocks away).    For breakfast, the restaurant attached to the hotel has a mediocre buffet offering, which we found disappointing.  Recommend finding a
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel one night while visiting family in the area. For this reason we found the location was excellent with discounted parking nearby. The rooms are small, but clean and well decorated. The desk staff were friendly and efficient. We visited on a Saturday night and found the hotel to be very quiet. Its location within walking distance to many restaurants, the subway, Wall Street, SouthStreet Seaport, etc. as well as the price make it an excellent value. We have stayed at this hotel previously but sometimes it is difficult to secure a reservation as it is a business hotel. If there is availability,  it is a very good choice if you wish to stay in lower Manhattan.
bubble_40	My wife and I enjoyed our time at Club Quarters.  The rooms are sort of small so be prepared for that, but we thought it was cozy and the room itself was nice.  The location is excellent as it's within walking distance of Battery Park and the 9/11 memorial.
bubble_50	We traveled to New York for a visit with our grandchildren and while we were there my wife ended up in the hospital after contracting a nasty infection.  We are grateful for the staff from the manager on down who went out of their way to assist us.  Every day they inquired about my wife's condition and when we had to extend they accommodated us in not having to move rooms.and went out of their way to help us.  I would recommend this hotel because the staff is highly professional and service-oriented.
bubble_30	I never heard of this place before and I was not impressed at all. However, the location is great and the security around the hotel is tight, which makes you feel really safe.  I stayed here for two nights since it was close to the area where I was taking a business course, but it won't happen again.  When I checked in, a desk clerk named Lisa was very condescending once I mentioned that I had never stayed at the hotel before and she made an assumption that I had never been in NY before and proceeded to speak to me as if I was someone from another country....ugh!  I observed how a previous guest was checked in at the counter and given information about the hotel etc, but I did not receive the same experience.  The room (Club Room) was on the same floor as the gym, but was around
bubble_40	It may be what you can expect in downtown Manhattan, but I found the room really too small, and the level of sound-proofing between the rooms inadequate. Aside from that I was comfortable and satisfied.
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel over the summer & it was so nice, I stayed there again a few weeks ago. The staff was very helpful & I was pleasantly surprised to see Brandon again.  Once again, he went out if his way to make me feel welcome & I hope to see him again on my next stay.
bubble_50	I had excellent stay at the Club Quarters Wall St. location. Brandon at front desk, made sure all my needs were taken care of and everything was up to par during my check in process. His professionalism and attention to detail was top notch. I would definitely stay there again
bubble_50	I had a wonderful stay recently at Club Quarters. This was my first time and I was pleasantly surprised  to find some great perks. I highly enjoyed the complimentary water bottles and the espresso machine in the lobby. This was my first time staying in the financial district and the staff were great in helping me with directions. Overall, it was a a great hotel for good price in NYC. I hear they have other locations so I will definitely check them out the next time I travel.
bubble_30	Its a place to stay. Nothing fancy. Minimal water pressure on the top floor. Their other location at CC world trade cntr was smaller but better.   Its a place to stay. Nothing fancy. Minimal water pressure on the top floor. Their other location at CC world trade cntr was smaller but better.
bubble_50	Just returned from a few days in New York and had a fabulous time helped by staying in this hotel.  Close to subway, restaurants and also 9/11 memorial gardens. Room was good enough size, clean and comfortable.  Only thing I missed was a kettle as im not a great coffee drinker but there was a microwave and coffee peculator in room plus coffee machine and milk in lobby area of hotel as well as snacks available Monday to Friday.  Free bottled water was also available 24hrs.    The staff were very helpful and nothing was too much bother.  I would recommend this hotel and if I find myself back in New York I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	The hotel is in thhe heart of the financial discrict with great access to most subway lines (three different stations in close poximity) however the hotel itself is mainly of corportote use and has a veru cold environement. The rooms are nothing special although the bed was of good quality the room was freezing, even with the heating on. The cold was coming from outside as the windows allow plenty of cold air to come in.
bubble_40	Good rooms and everything in the hotel was great.  Overall lose access to everything and on wall street.  Recommended for anyone going out for a holiday and want to relax and enjoy his vacation with or without family.  Small rooms
bubble_30	Mostly everything was good about this hotel. Good location, close to a lot of restaurants, stores. I enjoyed the free bottled water and snacks. The staff was also very accommodating to our requests to add an ironing board, microwave, and refrigerator to our standard room. Why I rated this a 3 is because the beds were the most uncomfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on. I have back issues and the hardness of the matress almost made sleep impossible. Room was also small but it was manageable.
bubble_20	A very dingy room resembling an attic allotted to me at high tariff.Worse, I was woken up at 2am by another gentleman who was given the same room.Sleepless since then. Noisy airconditioner to add.Reception staff more than unprofessional.Do enough to make you feel unwelcome upfront. Less said the better.
bubble_50	I have been to this location many times, with family, friends and this time solo. The staff is great the free water is great and the location is great. The room is small depending on what you get. If you book a standard room then upgrade to the suites for 40 dollars if they're available because they are worth it. Brandon and Bryan always welcome me and take care of me every time I'm there. They helped my family last time and are great assets to the company. Leandro is great in the morning with a big smile and gets me checked out quick cause I'm usually in a crazy rush lol. Club Quarters is a class act and especially the Wall street location.
bubble_30	I stayed at the Club Quarters for work earlier this year for two nights. Positive attributes - close to my work, clean, great service, high quality restaurants near and within property, and the gym although small was clean and fully equipped. The only disadvantage I could think of, was the smallness of the rooms. However, it is NY! Overall I think that this was a decent stay, especially for the reasons of using the hotel for business travel. I doubt that this would be a place I would stay for personal use.
bubble_40	This hotel was a great find. It is in a great location near the 911 Memorial as well as Battery Park where you can catch the boat to the Statue of Liberty. The subway is right around the corner and can take you up to Times Square in no time. The rooms are small but comfortable and clean.
bubble_40	I only stayed one day at the Club Quarters Wall Street, which was on a Saturday.  Guest service was polite and professional.  I came with three people so they offered to upgrade me to suite for only $40.00.  The room was very clean.  Hotel is less than a block from the subway. They even have a filter water machine on every floor which you can you use for free--it also comes with clear plastic bottles.  The only downside to this is that someone had put some brown liquid inside one of the new bottle, capped it back up, and placed it with the new/clean ones again.  If it wasn't for me glancing at the bottle again, I would have used a bottle with God knows what substance was in the bottle.  It would be ideal for the hotel to dispense only one bottle at a time rather than have all of
bubble_50	I am not a member of Club Quarters but have stayed at their hotels in Philadelphia, Chicago, San Francisco and best of all this one in William Street, New York. Wonderful attentive staff, everything works in very adequate rooms, free cold water supply, 24 hour espresso and cappuccino, fruit, snacks, lounge downstairs, reasonable suite upgrades, gym, WiFi, and comfortable firm beds, laundry including wash powder. delightful Brasserie bar downstairs and excellent room service menu. Altogether excellent and consistently so.
bubble_50	I was looking for a decent hotel near Trump Building on Wall St - that I can walk back and forth at any hour without having to deal with trains or cabs. On maps, this looked the closest (hardly 100 feet), so I booked it for a week. On check-in the staff was very pleasant. Desk agent Anthony offered a room on higher floor. Room was decent, smaller than usual non-NY hotels, but quite comfortable. Had a queen bed, flat screen TV, reclining chair, a table/chair and a walk in shower. Barring occasional emergency vehicles from below, it was very quiet.  Great touch was the free wi-fi, 24 hour snacks/coffee in lobby and free mineral water bottles. Breakfast in hotel's restaurant is ok, but the bar is good.  Several great quality bars and restaurants are under 10 minute walk from hotel.
bubble_40	We booked Club Quarters on Hotwire.   Pros: Staff was very friendly, free purified water, great coffee machine in the lobby (cappuccino, coffee, latte), room was spacious, location was great.    Con: They do not offer rooms with 2 double beds. The pull out bed was very uncomfortable.    I would stay here again if my party only had 2 people in it.
bubble_20	Not a bad place or location considering the price.  Front desk people were very unprofessional.  My room was not cleaned the last day I was there.  I complained at the front desk when I returned that evening.  They said I had left the "do not disturb" sign on my door, which I had NOT.  I won't stay there again.
bubble_50	I cannot say enough about Club Quarters Wall Street. My partner of twenty nine years and I were to be married at St Paul's Cathedral. We chose Club Quarters Wall Street as our "home base" and could not have been more pleased. The hotel rates were more than reasonable considering we were in New York City. The rooms were a little bit small but more than adequate. The front room served coffee 24/7 along with snacks on weekdays.  The staff was phenomenal!! When they discovered we were to be married, everyone congratulated us a million times, and constantly checked on our comfort. The front staff even went so far as to send up a wonderful bottle of wine for us. Thanks, in part, to Club Quarters Wall Street the wedding turned out perfectly. Hats off to them!
bubble_50	I stayed at Club Quarters on Wall Street last month. I requested a room upgrade to a suite based on the comments listed and I had a very nice room. The service was excellent and I never once had any issues. The property is located next to Trump Building where they have a small convenience store to buy snacks. My suite had a mini fridge so I was able to store some snacks in there. I had a living room space where I could work on my laptop. Overall great hotel and I would stay there again.
bubble_50	The hotel is located on a well lit and safe street in the Financial District.  It is in walking distance to my office on Broadway which makes it very easy for me to get to work.   My stay at Club Quarters this last time was a pleasant stay thanks to Lauren Latorre and Michael Thornton who went the extra mile to accommodate my specials needs.  Thanks you both.
bubble_40	This is one of the numerous similarly organized Club Quarters Hotels and has the advantages of the organization.  We stayed there three times.  The regular rooms are small, but it is possible to get larger rooms that are more expensive.  We had a good bed and all the quiet one could wish for at so central a location.  Service is limited but friendly and to the point. The reviewer who comments on the noisy toilet is right.
bubble_40	Got this hotel on a bid with priceline. Overall the hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. The walls were definitely thin and the bed was rock hard. The only complaint I have is that the toilet when being flushed is extremely loud.
bubble_40	We had heard great things about the hotel in the reviews and got exactly what we expected. The hotel is located on a well light and safe street in the Financial District walking distance from the metro and the Statue of Liberty ferrys (5-10 min. max). The hotel has a very basic approach and his clientele is mainly the business travelers. Bottom-line, it is extremely clean not very fancy, quiet (unless you have some unruly neighbours) and the internet is incredibly fast and reliable. Somehow, there are no security boxes in the room which is odd. There is free (and quite good!) coffee in the main lobby (at all time) with fruits, little snacks and soft drinks available also for free usually in the morning. There is also free bottle water on every floor and you have a mini fridge
bubble_30	stayed for several nights and the heating systems made me crazy. very loud, came on every few hours and had a clicking noise. had been rushing to meetings so had not complained and frankly didnt think they coudl do anything but when i checked out Brandon at front desk asked me about my stay and i told him and he got on it immediately for the next guest and then took off my charge from the restaurant (it wasnt a lot) to make up for the annoyance. A lovely gesture and made me feel really good about going back.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel through Hotwire. I was a little nervous about the quality of the hotel (because I hadn't used Hotwire before) until we arrived and I realized we had booked a gem! This hotel is located on a clean, safe street in the Financial District. The hotel is basic and directed towards the business traveler. It is extremely clean. The room and bathroom were spotless.   We requested two twin beds and were given that room. It was spacious enough for two women and all of our belongings! The housekeeping staff changed our towels and sheets and maintained our clean room.   The hotel staff was pleasant and courteous. We had a great stay. I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_40	I find the Club Quarters to be hit or miss by city.  I originally did not want to book this since it was a Club Quarters. I am glad that I did not.  We were there for a recent crowded NYC weekend and found the service to be great, location was also superb, near transit etc.  Room was better that I anticipated and very quiet.  All in all a very nice relaxing one night in NYC.
bubble_30	As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms at this hotel are among the smallest I have ever seen and my room was one of the ugliest I have ever stayed in.  I had one bed in the room and inquired whether rooms with two beds would be larger but was told that all rooms are the same size.  Fortunately, my room was on one of the upper floors and I was able to run the fan all night so noise was not an issue.  I needed to stay in the Wall Street area so the location was convenient and the price decent for NYC.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed the weekend (10/11-10/12/13) at Club Quarters where we where helped by Bryan Stephens.  From the day that we arrived to the day we left, Bryan provided nothing but oustanding customer service.  He made us feel welcomed when we arrived and worked quickly to get us checked into our rooms.  He helped us with finding local restaurants and subway information.  He also went above and beyond to correct an situation we had in our room.  On my next trip to New York I would definitely stay there again!
bubble_50	Truly had a great experience ...as advertised, rooms are a bit small BUT the facility was well located for all of our activities (was in NYC for college visits). Staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful with special requests large and small. Loved the building security (and they were patient with the fact that I kept putting my card key next to my phone and inactivating it!).  Free purified water; good room service; nice workout room; free laundry facility - what is not to like?? Got a great rate via Hotwire (which means you can't be sure where you are staying ahead of time)...had never stayed at Club Quarters, so was wary beforehand, but would definitely stay there again!
bubble_40	I was booked at the CQ Wall Street for 30 days and the staff were amazing!!! Lauren, Michael and Liza were able to provide solutions for all of my needs immediately upon request. My stay was great and I recommend the location to all my coworkers... Thanks for making my stay so easy!
bubble_50	Great experience, the main purpose of me staying was for business and the service was hospitality at it's best, great location too! Michael Thornton and Lisa at the front desk are consummate professionals and seem like they care about their work.
bubble_20	I stayed there for 3 nights. Pros: location; free wifi Cons: Wall is not soundproof, can't sleep when a lady next door on call or keep talking for whole night. No soap for shower even I asked a guy (not front desk), coffee in room only for the first night.
bubble_50	This hotel was a steal. It's located to many subway stations/lines. The front desk staff were very friendly. Although we had some trouble with our reservation at first, they were able to solve it. We were also given a voucher to have breakfast next door at  Baileys. The room was spacious and has very high ceiling. The hotel provided complimentary water bottles/water and save you the hassle of having to run across the street to get it from Duane Reade. Last but not least, they have an awesome espresso machine in the "break room" in the lobby where you can get as many lattes and cappuccinos as you want. Great stay. We will definitely come back!
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters Wall Street for one night on a Saturday night. The service was very friendly and we got a room in the 10th floor and a window with a view. By this I don't mean a view on Central Park but not on a dark courtyard as we are used to when we stay in other hotels in New York City. The room was clean, the bed comfortable and we did not hear any other guests. There was free bottled water on our floor and in the lobby you have free internet access, water and coffee. We did not pay extra for storing our luggage after we checked out for a few hours. The metro and the 9/11 memorial site are in walking distance and a Duane Read is around the corner. There are also some coffee shops and places where you can find something to eat but it is not full
bubble_20	Stayed 5 nights, very basic accommodation, quite a small room, although we didn't stay around the hotel very much. Location sounds great but is actually not wonderful. We spent a lot of time travelling up to soho, meatpacking 5th avenue etc
bubble_50	I was in New York for four days for work, and a colleague recommended the Club Quarters as it was near our offices. Very helpful staff, nice room, spacious enough considering it is downtown Manhattan. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	We booked this hotel through Priceline and got a really good deal. The hotel was hard to find on a rainy April night but once we made it we were surprised at how inviting the lobby was. The room was fine for two people, the bed was comfortable, and the free Internet in the room was nice to have. The view from our room wasn't great but the restaurant at the top of the hotel had an amazing view of the World Trade Center Memeorial. It was nice to be away from the busy Time Square area (stayed they before). The subway was just a short block away and the sites near the hotel were nice to walk past. I would stay here again and recommend it to a friend!
bubble_50	had very plasent expirience in this hotel last month (september 2013). the staff i snice and helpfool' the room is clean and comfteble and it gives you all you need for a trip to NYC. it is close to the trade senter and the 9/11 memorial' but far from 5th avenew or times sqwer' but the hotel is serounded with subway stations and you can easelly get to any place in NYC without spending fortune on a hotel!
bubble_40	We recently stayed at the Club Quarters Wall Street for 2 nights over a weekend.  We had booked the room using Priceline and were travelling with our kids (age 8 & 9).   We booked a room with a queen bed & a pull out couch.   I was fully expecting a cramped room with the bed & couch beside each other and no room to move once the couch was pulled out but this was not the case at all.  The bed was separated from the rest of the room with a large armoir.  On the opposite side of the armoir was a desk, 2 chairs, the pull out couch, and a small table with 2 chairs beside the mini fridge & microwave.   When the couch was pulled out there was still plenty of room to walk around. Unfortunately the mattress on the pull out was horrid (my husband thought he would fall through when he sat
bubble_50	I have seen a few reviews on here that are bashing the hotel. I don't know what these people are talking about. The rooms are not cramped, the WHOLE staff goes out of their way to help guests and the automated machine assigns rooms randomly. Brandon at the front desk told me that and when  I asked to switch my room to a higher floor, he happily accommodated me. The rooms are small but so are ALL of NYC hotel rooms (unless you want to pay $400-$500 a night) lol. I stayed here to see the Yankees game and the staff was all great. Bryan, Lisa, Anthony, Leandro and Mike all helped with every question I had; and sometimes complaints ;). Brandon gave me directions on how to get to the Stadium and it will be the most memorable game of my life seeing the great Mariano Rivera pitch for
bubble_30	I have stayed at several different hotels in the NYC and this one ranks at the lower end.  The room was clean enough, but small, and with a bathroom that was more like a motel variety. My main issue was the lack of forethought when they decided to use oil-based chemicals in a vacant room right by occupied rooms.  For some reason, the strong, eye-stinging fumes permeated into my room and I could not stay in it. It took awhile to get me a room as they were still being cleaned so I waited in the lobby area. That took over one and a half hours.  Had they just thought about the guests, their furniture stripping chore would have been put off until there were no guests in close proximity. I was not  belligerent and waited patiently in spite of inconvenience, but would have appreciated
bubble_40	Comfortable and convenient to all major landmarks and businesses. Lots of good restaurants and coffee shops in area.  Rooms are well appointed and comfortable. Staff very helpful and customer friendly.
bubble_40	Stayed 3 nights.  Nighttime staff of Lisa & Michael could not have been more helpful.  Easy access to red & green subway lines.  Room was small but efficiently designed.  Felt like being in a yacht cabin.    We would stay there again.
bubble_30	Had to be at our office at Pine Street and this was inexpensive and close ($220 a night) check in ok with a person, but got to room and it stunk of smoke so needed to change rooms.  (nonsmoking requested) rooms are minimal, but have wifi and good tv. not particularly clean   Didn't really want to walk on carpet in bare feet.  nice lounge area with some snacks available and lots of newspapers. small rooms, but that is what club quarters is known for, so no shock there. with the influx of new hotels into this area, won't ever stay here again unless nothing else is available. It pretty much is one step above a dorm room, though truthfully, my son's dorm seems cleaner.
bubble_30	Try not to check in at the automated machine. Why? We were assigned the 3rd floor. You want to be higher... we could feel the subway trains rattling.  Our first room was cramped, smelled of mold and chlorine, and was not updated. Only reading an ad in the room that promoted their black out curtains clued us in that our room with the crooked blinds was subpar... definitely not the 3.5 stars hotwire said it was. The woman at the desk sent the "houseman" to meet us. He said they are very slowly updating all the rooms. He opened a room a couple doors down for us. It was nicer... a little bigger, more decor, no smell, updated temp controls and curtains. Still not lovely or romantic or cheap, but safe and way more affordable than anything else I could find between 3 and 4 stars.
bubble_10	I wasn't aware I made a reservation to stay in a dorm room. Instead of club quarters this place should rename its self " close quarters"  If you have any issue with claustrophobia i would recommend staying as far away from this hotel as possible.   Entering the lobby I initially thought " hmm this seems nice" but as soon as i was ambushed but a team of "concierges" we were immediately escorted over to their "check in site" ; A computer inserted in a wall, basically making their job obsolete.  The only positive part about this was place the fact you needed to use a room key to use the elevator. The fact this is the only substantial amenity about the hotel should speak for itself.  Finding the door to enter our room was very interesting. First you need to go through a set of doors
bubble_40	I stayed here with my sister and a friend the night of her bachelorette party.  We  are not the party type I know what bachelorette parties can be like so when the front desk person of a business hotel asked why we were there, I said the reason dripping with apology in my tone. We reached the room and shortly after got a knock, it was a bottle of wine and a signed card from the hotel! It was such a special treat to kick off our bachelorette night and made us feel so welcome!  The hotel was in a safe area and had a decent gym (I didn't try it but checked it out).  We had a superior queen room that had a bar area and was located on the penthouse floor
bubble_30	I stayed here for a weekend stay. Price was  high due to UN General Assembly. The hotel is in a good location close to the Wall street subway, battery park and 9/11 memorial. The hotel room was average but very clean. There is also freeness WI-fi in the room. Hotel staff was nice. I would return for another stay.
bubble_10	This hotel was dirty. For $330 a night I would expect a clean room.  The room smelled of mold and mildew from the hvac. I had to go out and buy air freshened and Lysol just to stay in the room. The windows do not open so the urine smell lingered.  Housekeeping did nothing. They put dirty sheets back on my bed, did not remove dirty dishes from room, did not replace coffee, did not replace coffee cups, did not clean the floor and did not wipe the surfaces. Gross. You fail C.Q. Will upload photos now.
bubble_50	I recently stayed a weekend in Sept. and I had to write a review for the great staff they have there. Bryan, Brandon and Leandro were especially helpful; although the rest of the staff is great as well (sorry can't remember their names). They provided me with attractions to see, directions, food recommendations and a pleasant smile every time I walked through the door. This is one of a few times I've stayed at this location and their professionalism will keep me coming back. Thank you to the entire staff who made my stay wonderful!!
bubble_10	Arrived at 6:45, with a reservation paid for the night before at Quarters Hotel.  I was informed they gave the room away and had charged me.  There was no room and would not be until 3 pm.  The reservation was clearly made for late arrival, as it was initially booked for the next night and the assistant rebooked for an extra night to make sure that check-in after an all night flight would be immediate.  We paid for an extra night to check in at 7 am, were told that I would have to pay for that night, but the room was not available. The receptionist was arrogant, unhelpful, and took 10 minutes to be clear that she did not have a room.  I will never stay here again.
bubble_50	I arrived very early and the staff were nice enough to hold my luggage until check in time. They even offered that I could check in early. They helped me by printing out directions to a deli I wanted to try and let me use the restroom. The room was very much like all Club Quarters I have stayed at. This one is in a great location for visiting the sites of lower Manhattan. It is a short walk to the 9/11 memorial, a nice waterfront park with ferry service and boat tours, and several subway stations. There is not much in the way of good local restaurants from what I could find. There is a Starbucks close by.
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel for a week for work - I was walking only a couple of blocks away. The hotel is so conveniently located - you're pretty close to some great history in NYC, the water, statue of liberty, and I absolutely love the battery park area nearby. It's significantly less touristy and quieter.  The hotel itself is standard - nothing amazing or great. My room was a good size for New York, and standard for many cities actually. It's not necessarily upgraded or too modern or anything, and it's nothing flashy, it's just a standard business hotel with everything you'll need for the week - a nice clean room and shower, bed, a desk and office space, good internet service, snacks in the lobby, and a responsive staff. My team stayed here for the location - because it was so
bubble_50	I  Stayed  at this hotel  and loved everything  about it, The rooms are very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The employees sure know how to treat  there guest ESPECIALLY BRANDON, he was very polite and answered all my questions and gave me great directions around the city I would definitely come here again.
bubble_40	Club Quarters at 52 William Street, was located in quite strategic corner to explore the Lower Manhattan, it was also very close to the Wall St subway station. When I checked in , the staff was helpful and friendly. Room ammenities are sufficient to stay comfortable, though the room size with one bed was not too large, free wifi, coffee maker, fridge, and microwave were provided. Guest can help themselves with chilled purified water down the hall. A small desk with reading lamp, and some books on the shelf gave the 'feel like home' touch. Bathroom was with shower and toilet, and was quite small though. Overall I am ok and comfortable with the room's design. The hotel also has adjoined pub / restaurant, 'The Bailey', which looked quite nice as well (from my first dinner visit on
bubble_40	Spent Saturday to Monday at Club Quarters on Williams Street - very good location for lower Manhattan - and easy access to trains if you want to be further uptown (just check train schedules as service is limited on weekends to some of these stations).  Room was small, which is no surprise for Manhattan.  Got a great rate thru hotwire, but hotel charged an extra $10/night for a room with two beds (which were twins) even though I had called the hotel before arrival to request a room with two beds and was not told about upcharge. We were on 3rd floor - which as very high ceilings so made the small room less claustrophobic.  My daughter (who lives in NYU dorms) didn't seem to mind, but I thought the twin beds felt like summer camp years ago.  Bathroom is VERY small too.  Had issues
bubble_40	We have stayed at several of the Club Quarter Hotels now & picked this one as part of our trip to the States this summer. Hotel is great for Wall Street area.  Our room was a fair size for a Manhattan hotel, very clean & I love that you get free water & coffee... more hotels should do this! Would recommend for this part of Manhattan & would stay again.
bubble_40	My husband and I recently stayed at Club Quarters Wall St. and were very pleased with our experience. The room size was rather spacious for NYC. There was plenty of room for the double bed, armoire, desk, refrigerator and side chair. It was small but didn't feel cramped or claustrophobic like other NYC rooms I've stayed in. There was also a flat screen TV mounted to the wall and new bathroom fixtures.  The room was clean and in good condition. The bathroom was small but had all the necessities. Our room was ready 3 hours before check-in and they held our luggage for a full day after we checked out while we were finishing up our exploration of the city.  The staff are friendly and professional and I appreciated the secure elevator system to prevent strangers from roaming the
bubble_40	Recently I was on a 4 day business trip and Club Quarters was recommended. I had a late check in with no issue and was advised they have snacks and drinks. Just what I needed after a long day.  The room was fine, desk, comfortable bed and AC unit worked perfect.   Only think I thought was missing from the room was an iron but I suspect if I called down they would run on up.   This is an excellent location if you are visiting the Financial district. 5 minutes to NYSE.  I would stay here again and so should you.
bubble_50	I've been staying here on a long term project and the service is exceptional.  The staff goes to great lengths to make sure customers have what they need and are OK.  I usually get in late night or early morning and the CQ Team always makes sure I can check into my room with ease and are aware of my preferences before I check in.  In addition to knowing their customers, the CQ Team looks out for them.  A few weeks ago after checking out to head back home, I forgot my wallet at the Front Desk.  I did not even realize it until I was about to board my train.  The staff at CQ were on top of it.  They not only tried to contact me about the wallet but safe guarded it for me until I got back to the hotel.  I really like this place and would definitely recommend.
bubble_40	I spent the weekend after Valentine's day here and I was pleasantly surprised by the room size especially considering that this was in NY city. Room and bathroom were well appointed, very generously sized and clean. Decor was quite contemporary. The restaurant downstairs (Bailey's) had one of the best steak salad's I've had. Enjoyed my stay and will recommend to anyone in the area!
bubble_50	Perfect location to financial district, Staten Island ferry and Brooklyn on the 2 or 3 Subway station right next door. The Bailey restaurant downstairs is a social focal point after work, never had a bad dinner there. Quiet, with full service from a personalized chain of hotels. Very nice employees, never any drama. Federal Reserve, City Hall, Zeytuna Market,  Capital Grill, Bobby Van's, Trinity Restaurant on Broadway, Adrienne's, Fraunces Tavern, the 220 Restaurant on Fulton? All nearby. Fastest Dunkin Donuts shop in the world across street.  Historical area with lots of buildings to explore.
bubble_50	Rooms did not feel small, great location.  Parking was subsidised and a good value.  We saved 50% off regular parking.  Front desk was professional and efficient.  We arrived at 11am to drop off our bags (3pm check-in)  Our room was not ready yet so they moved us to a higher floor and 10 minutes after getting there we were able to hit the city!  Minutes to NYSE and less than 15 monutes from Battery park (Statue of Liberty Cruise) and 10 min from One World Trade.  Brooklin Bridge was easy to find and Broadway is only 2 blocks away.  We felt safe walking arround even well after dark.  Room was clean, with  comfortable bed and a large TV with great local T.V.  Nothing bad to say at all.  Even their free coffee was AMAZING.  We Will be back to this awesome city and won;t stay
bubble_50	Our first trip to NY in many years and by chance came across this small, elegant hotel in the heart of Wall Street. Rooms were clean, well-appointed and the hotel had many nice amenities including complimentary coffee in the lobby and a water dispenser on each floor.  Besides being reasonably priced we felt that the hotel staff were remarkable.  Helpful and courteous they seemed to anticipate our questions; from the front desk, housekeeping and bellman they were all exceptionally friendly.  In particular we want to thank Lisa at the front desk.  She was both professional and warm, with an authentic smile and engaging personality.  We definitely will return to this downtown 'find'.
bubble_30	The high ceilings in the rooms distract from the small size. It's clean and neat but very minimalist. Reminded me of many of the no frills hotels I stayed in in Europe. Our bathroom was like a half bathroom. Stand up shower only. Small counter and a toilet jammed in the corner so the lid hit you in the back when you sat down. We had a nice view from our room. The area was safe and clean and easy access to subways and downtown attractions. Walls are somewhat thin and you hear more than you'd like. Got an okay  night's sleep.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed here for NYU admitted students weekend in April 2013. This was a "secret" hotel on Hotwire so the room rate (Fri-Mon stay) was $160 per night.   The hotel has many nice touches. We loved the complimentary coffee machine in the lobby and the water dispenser on our floor. The rooms held twin beds, which was fine for the two of us. Each bed had an individual light within arms' reach, which was great for these two bookworms. The room was nicely decorated, efficiently laid out, quiet and had nice darkening drapes.   The location is great. We had not stayed in this area of Manhattan before and I thought it would be odd to be on Wall Street over the weekend, but it was crowded (so yes, why did I think NYC would be anything less?). We were close enough to walk
bubble_40	Very pleasant place to stay in the Financial District. Room was good and clean, as was the rest of the hotel. We can confirm that the upper floors are pretty quiet.  There was no concierge or doorman, and a couple of the desk staff were a bit surly and unhelpful, although others were very courteous, so swings and roundabouts, and only a minor complaint really. In summary: good choice for the money.
bubble_40	The hotel is just in the center of the financial district, very close to the famous Bull statue, Stock exchange, 9/11 memorial, to the Port museum ( next by you can find the best chicken burito in town:) very close is also 21 century mall if you would like to go for some shopping, as well as some supermarkets and nice places to eat or drink like the Stone street. In general the hotel is very clean, the rooms are spacious, the staff is very polite and happy to help or provide an advice if need be. There is a great coffee machine, where you can get a free coffee, cappuccino, latte during your stay there:)  So we were very happy with choosing this hotel for our stay in New york.
bubble_40	I've stayed here twice in 2013, and both times I have been happy.  It's right in the financial district, so it is close to most things in Manhattan, and a stones throw away from Brooklyn. Also it is right on the 2/3 line which makes it easy to catch a cab.  Only down fall is that the rooms are all very close to each other, and some of them can be a bit tight. If you are in NYC you shouldn't spent too much time in your room anyway! :)   It's clean, affordable, and great location... three things that are huge when booking a hotel. Lots of complementary offerings and helpful polite staff. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.
bubble_50	A bit of a background story:  This was my second time to New York and first time staying at a Club Quarters.  I was in New York because i just got a corporate job and was doing training in the area.  A couple weeks before I went on this trip I had purchased a completely new wardrobe from Men's Wearhouse.  Many of the slacks I purchased were over 100 dollars (it's unfortunate to be so tall).    Flash forward.    I took my laundry to the front desk to have it dry cleaned.  I get my dry cleaning the next day but realize that I was missing a pair of slacks.  I went down to the front desk and spoke with an employee at the counter who was friendly and very helpful.  They called the dry cleaning service who claimed that they did not receive my pair of slacks.    Eventually, I end up
bubble_40	Conveniently located near everything in Lower Manhattan, it's a great location to stay. Nothing fancy about this place though, so the price is higher just because of location.   Room was clean, quiet and comfortable enough, if a bit small. I do wish it would've had a safe in it though big enough to lock up a laptop.
bubble_50	The whole staff was great, Steffon, Bryan, Brandon were all there to help every time I needed something. Extra towels , directions, food recommendations were all handled easily. The location is great as well its right by every main subway and its 15 minutes to the Empire State Building on the train. I would definitely stay here again for a longer time cause I was only there for a weekend.
bubble_50	Handy when heading to NYC for meetings! Near many subway stations so you can take the A line from JFK and get there in an hour. There is a 24 hr pharmacy right across it (Duane Reader) in case you feel like an ice cream or need to buy an umbrella. There are a few restaurants in the area but most are closed during weekends. Overall great place.
bubble_50	Recently, I stayed at this hotel and it exceeded my expectations. The lobby area was very welcoming and there were plenty of computers available. The room was spotless and the amenities were very nice too.  The hotel was also located right near the subway, which is the best way to get around NYC.  Although the entire staff was very helpful, Brandon in particular went above and beyond to help us plan interesting things to do during our stay. I would definitely stay at this location again.
bubble_40	I had a five night stay booked on Priceline.  First of all, location: it's just north of Wall St. on William.  Many subways are nearby: the 2/3 is literally steps from the entrance, and many, many others are just 5-10 minutes walk in various directions.  There are a lot more places to eat in the Financial District than in the past.  Just walk north to Fulton, and there are many options (and a surprising number are open on weekends).   I checked in late via the automated kiosk.  My room was small, faced the interior courtyard, had a tiny bathroom in the corner, and its air-conditioning was crazy.  It was clicking on and off endlessly, but just as I called the desk, it finally came on.  But by the next day, I knew something was wrong.  No only was it having trouble coming on, but
bubble_40	The hotel is ideally located for the Financial District, 10 minutes walk away from the World Trade Center. Rooms are clean and beds comfortable. There is a guest request cupboard on each floor which contains complimentary items (coffee, ironing boards, pillows) as well as free chilled water. The rooms have a nice flat screen TV, with access to cable. no pay TV if you care about this.  the gym is well equipped, but bet small, with a few treadmills, stepping machines and cross trainers, as well as everything needed for weight lifters.  The staff is very friendly and approachable, knowledgeable about the area. you can throw whatever you want at them, they will have an answer.  I would recommend this hotel as a budget option, with a very good level of comfort.
bubble_50	First off, I booked this hotel on the Priceline bidding system. I accidentally booked the wrong weekend and realize it was a no change and no refunds policy. I didn't bother contacting Priceline, so I just contacted the hotel directly. Within 24 hours of me contacting them, Liz from Club Quarters was able to help me change the reservation because it was a special weekend for me and my boyfriend. That already made me extremely happy.  Upon checking into the hotel with friendly staff (who congratulated us on our anniversary), we found that they had surprised us a bottle of wine, macaroons, cookies, and a card (signed by the staff!) That was truly a pleasant surprise and really is a great example of how customer service should be like.  The value of the hotel was great. It wasn't
bubble_10	I went online looking for NYC hotels and ran across Club Quarters it looked nice and price for ($147.00 per night rate).  I always call the property before I booked a room ( I'm do alot of business travel).  So I called Club Quarters and I asked some guy name Brandon if I wanted to cancel within 48 hours prior to arrival would I be able to do so?  His response was, yes!  I asked him again, because clearly there were policies for members & non-memebers at this Club Quarters.  He repeated yes for the second time... I booked the room at the rate.  Moreover, my girlfriend who works for Hyatt and was able to get us a comp room at almost no cost.  Great! I can cancel my reservation at Club Quarters. I called Club Quarters with the intent to canceling the reservation and was told that
bubble_50	My wife and I are seasoned business travelers and we stay in beautiful hotels.  The Club Quarters was perfect for our stay.  The hotel was spotless, the cost amazing and the staff (especially Lisa) were all fantastic.  She choices for restaurants were all right on.  Ask for Lisa and get her recommendations.  They are perfect!
bubble_40	We enjoyed our two night during the 4th of July holiday. The room had a small fridge and flat screen tv, it was comfy. The on,y downsize is the size. The room size was ok, could have been bigger. But the bed was small for two people. Our feel pretty much stuck out the bottom of the bed when laying straight. Also the bathroom was very little. The shower had no tub and just enough room to turn and move. I must say I don't have much experience of hotels in New York, so i am not sure if this is typical of standard rooms. Also no view.  The hotel amenities were good. I like that there were clean empty bottles available, by the water filter machine that one could use anytime. I didnt see the gym, but they told me there was one. Also, there's a club room where you can sit and relax and
bubble_50	Bought a package deal on priceline and I wasn't sure what I was getting into when I chose this hotel.  Prior to check in, I called them and they were very pleasant and helpful over the phone.  Arrived late due to a delayed flight.  They were more than welcoming and very accomodating.  Rooms are small...but what isn't in NYC.  Perfect size for the 2 of us.  The last night we were there,the air conditioning unit in our room broke.  I made a call to the front desk and within 3 minutes Steffan showed up and saved the day.  He assisted us and our belongings into a room that had working air conditioning.  He was very polite and the customer service that he provided was beyond our expectations.  Due to the inconvenience, he gave us complimentary breakfast the next morning at the on
bubble_50	Once again I had a great time at Club quarters, Brandon and Anthony were great with things to do for the weekend. I came with my parents and they were very impressed with the hotel.  Can't wait to go back!!!
bubble_20	I stayed 5 days for business reasons. The service was poor, the room was extremely small,  air-conditioning very noisy , no slippers in the bathroom, poor quality of shower gel, shampoo... and the rate with taxes incl. was $ 305! The hotel has only location as its advantage and nothing else! Will avoid it in the future just like the CQ hotels in London!
bubble_50	club quarters delivers a sleek, no-frills and clean stay at a pretty affordable rate. Stuff is super-friendly and helpful. Although it's downtown, away from much of the tourist stuff, all the major subway lines are w/in a block or two, so it is really convenient.
bubble_40	I booked this hotel from June 28- June 30th with my girlfriend and from day one i was impressed AWESOME service (Anthony and Brian were prompt and able to fulfill my request) no issues getting a new key card when i accidentally de-magnetized the one i was given, the hotel room was simple but clean VERY and modern , 42-47 inch LCD TV with cable , Good view on the 19th floor , bathroom looked clean and from the Air Conditioning to the shower EVERYTHING worked nothing was broken or out of place or broke(which is hard to get in a hotel) my sleep was wonderful, i was right near the subway so i could get to Times Square easy, Free coffee and purified water on every floor , the building was quiet so i was guaranteed not to get any noise interruptions from other guest
bubble_40	I stayed here for one night after receiving a great rate on Hotwire. Although I have a Club Quarters membership through a professional association, I have never stayed here because the regular rate is a little high. But for a hundred dollars a night on a weekend in New York, this was definitely worth it. We were able to check in as early as 11 am. I requested two twin beds which the staff easily accommodated. There are many nice amenities, such as umbrellas to borrow, free bottled water, iPads available for loan, and cell phone chargers. Our room was comfortable but nothing fancy. The room could have been more thoroughly cleaned, but overall it was a great room for the value. I would stay here again if the price was right!
bubble_50	The hotel was very clean.  Several free amenities.  Wifi was of excellent quality.  I could stream my home tv on iPad with a clear picture!  Nice weight room with dumbells if you want to get a workout in during your stay.  Courteous and helpful staff.  Great location that is one block away from metro station.  Reasonable parking is right around the corner.  At $154 off of Hotwire the price was amazing.  The room was a perfect size, and the bathroom was small but not a major concern since I usually don't hang out in there very much.   No problems with shower and air conditioner was fine. Will definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	Club Quarters-Wall Street offers great services for the business traveler without additional costs - Wi-Fi, business center (computer/printing), unlimited chilled purified water, coffee maker and coffee in the room, continental breakfast items.    The room was small but o.k. for the business traveler. The room didn't have a view and the air conditioner was a bit noisy but understandable for the summer.  The staff was very courteous and helpful with all the needs that came up.  Lauren at the front desk was especially friendly and helpful in printing documents needed.  The main complaint that I have is that it was difficult to get a really hot shower.  I had to let the shower run for fifteen minutes before I was able to even stand to get in and then the water was luke warm at
bubble_50	Stay just 1 night but the front desk staff was great so helpful and informational we will recommend this hotel very nice and clean also! Restaurant breakfast was reasonable and good! Will lodge at this hotel again.
bubble_50	I stayed in this hotel during a 3-day meeting.   Both check-in and check-out were very smooth, with friendly and helpful desk staff at both ends.  When leaving, they tagged my bag so I could check out before my meeting ended, and picking it up again at the end of the day was also smooth and easy.    The hotel is accessible, but the entryway uses a small lift to get to the lobby which is up about 7-8 stairs from the street level...I had small luggage and just carried it up.  I presume that someone more encumbered would have been met by a bellhop or something like that to help get the luggage into the lift, but I don't know.  The room:  I had a standard one-bed room, which was small, but not cramped.  I'd use the word "cozy" to describe it.  The bathroom was indeed small, but used
bubble_30	I have been a fan of the World Trade center club quarters for quite some time. I decided to stay at the one closer to Wall street. I found the staff welcoming which is always good. The room was comfortable although left over room serive trays were on the floor when I got off the elevator. Still, the price makes it worthwhile as well as the location.
bubble_30	As always, I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars.  In the end, I'm going with 3 for reasons not entirely the hotel's fault.  But, I have to review based on my general experience.  I do understand the people giving it 4 stars.  5 stars is insane though.  My girlfriend and I booked this through priceline.  We had tickets for Broadway, but when our bidding for hotels in and around midtown got obnoxious, we decided to try downtown and use subways.  We ended up getting this hotel.  First, the positives - its small, but very nice.  Small lobby, but they have a sitting area with a fake fireplace which is cozy.  The front desk staff was very quick, attentive, and very helpful.  Hotel is also secure in that you need a room key to get to any floor.  The rooms are quiet - well built; can't
bubble_50	I usually don't take t he time to write reviews but this one is well deserved.  Our Guest service manager Mr. Anthony Duma was the best ever.  He certainly went above and beyond what most hotel managers do.  He not only stayed on the telephone with us until we arrived at the hotel after being lost for a long time, he helped us plan our trip to Belmont Stakes by getting the bus and train travel information to us, he also personally delivered them to our room.  Our stay was most enjoyable and the staff is to be commended for a job well done.  Again, our thanks to Anthony who saved the rainy day and helped the sun shine for us.  The Tyler Family from Pittsburgh
bubble_40	A great deal on Priceline had me staying in the Club Quarters near Wall Street. Although the hotel is far from most of Manhattan's busy nightlife, it has excellent proximity to the subway lines (less than a block) and great access to the Financial District's attractions (Federal Hall, NYSE, Trinity Church, etc.) The 9/11 Memorial was about 15 minutes at the most from the hotel.  Check-in was handled professionally. Elevators can only be operated by swiping your room card (I didn't know this and felt like a dummy.) My room was rather spacious and well-appointed with a large tv, plenty of wall outlets, a nice desk and a very firm mattress. The bathroom only had a shower. I slept well here, and heard very little noise both in the hotel or from the street, nine floors below. The
bubble_40	I have stayed in this hotel multiple times when in NYC for business and have always found it a good, clean and welcoming hotel. The Wifi can be a bit dodgy sometimes but I think that depends on usage / where you are in the building. The staff are very friendly, the gym isnt bad (not that I spent alot of time there) and the bar / restaurant is great craic. Its was also a 2 min walk from where I was working so its location is great for wall st and the surrounding area too.
bubble_40	We stayed with my wife in Club Quarters because it was quite far from the city center (which was our initial intention). The vicinity of Little Italy is an advantage as well, because we love Italian food, and have some Italian relatives back home. We've been in NY for a week, and almost every evening had a long walk to Washington Square Park (about 40 min one-way). These 7 days were very enjoyable, and 30% of this stay belong to Club Quarters.
bubble_50	A few of my girlfriends and I stayed at Club Quarters recently and it was great. We booked a spacious suite that was perfect. It had a kitchenette, 2 flat screens, fridge and microwave. We were there to celebrate and there's a bar right next door. The front desk staff was great! Brandon helped us book a double decker bus tour and gave us directions on every place we needed to visit. Michael found us a late night place we could get a bite and Lisa always greeted us with a smile. I will recommend this hotel for any one looking for a great place at a reasonable price.
bubble_40	This is the second time we've stayed here.  Anthony at the front desk was outstanding in every respect.  The rooms were small, but ample for two.  They also kept our bags for us on check-out day, until our time came to leave for the airport, a nice touch.  There are easy connections to all areas of the city via subway.    There was a lady who stayed on the computer in the lobby far too long, and should have been booted off, but other that that, no complaints whatsoever.  Would we stay here again?  Do the Yankees play in New York?  'Nuff said.
bubble_40	We chose to stay at the Club Quarters Wall Street location, because Midtown was no longer available at the time of booking. Our stay was quite satisfactory. The room was o.k. and the public area pleasant. I checked in late and I did need to unplug the refrigerator in the room,  which was empty at the time, because I found the noise bothered me while I was trying to go to sleep. The A/C was also rather noisy and I solved that problem by setting the thermostat higher. (Fortunately, it was not a hot night). My experience with the front desk staff was variable. One staffer was very friendly and helpful, but another seemed to feel it was a bit much to answer rather basic tourist type questions.
bubble_20	I have stayed at Club Quarters' properties before, but this was the first time I've stayed at the one on Wall Street. The location is a good one -- just a block from the subway and in a nice neighborhood with fewer tourists than in midtown. The room was okay too -- small but, hey, it's New York.   When we checked in on the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend they were doing some work in the room next door. We didn't say anything at the time, just dropping our things in the room and heading out. But when we returned at 5 p.m. the work was still going on -- though it seemed to stop around 5:30. However, at 7 p.m. the drilling and hammering began again. At 8:30 I finally had enough. I called down to the front desk. It took six attempts to get anyone to answer, as the phone kept
bubble_40	I selected this hotel for a trip that was partial business and partial solo vacation.  Great Service: The first room I had was the size of a shoebox and looked out onto a noisy generator. When I asked to be moved the staff made the change for me immediately. They asked whether I had any special requests for my new room and moved my luggage while I was out for the day.  Good Location: While it is way down in the Financial District, that means it's also nice and quiet at night. It is very close to the 9/11 Memorial, an easy walk to Greenwich and SoHo, and a quick subway ride to/from Times Square, even late at night.  Nice Rooms: The rooms are fairly small, but are clean, have all the essentials, and are probably appropriately priced for NYC.
bubble_40	I stayed here over the weekend of May 3, in a room with a separate living room. It also had a small kitchen area with fridge, table, and desk. The staff was nice, the room was quiet, and we had a lot of space, especially compared to many NYC hotel rooms. I would definitely stay here again. There is free Wi-Fi and bottled water. It is right near Wall Street, not far from the subway. There are many restaurants nearby. If you want to be in the financial district, this hotel is a great choice.
bubble_40	Good hotel in a pretty good location. We took the train to get to New York, and got on the train from Penn Station, and it was a straight shot to the hotel. It's probably a minute walk, if that from the NY subway. It sits on the 2/3 line, you can walk to Fulton Street, which is probably a 5-7 minute walk and it gives you more options to get where you need to be.   The rooms were clean, quiet area away from the hustle and bustle but close enough that you can get in Times Square within minutes. Would stay here again. Highly recommended, especially if you're looking for a hotel on the cheap.
bubble_40	Club Quarters hotels are not known for proposing large rooms but this is very well compensated with the very good quality of the bedding and of the room equipment + all these extra services that they offer (drinks, water, coffee, snacks, fitness ) and especially when compared with the tariff they apply.  This remains the best solution for a mid price hotel.  The one of New York located in the Wall Street district is ideally located for business purpose.  Only issue is that there is basically no view but aftre all, you are in new york isn't it ?  In addition, the staff is friendly and supportive.  Just missing a restaurant next to the hotel.
bubble_40	Wonderful staff and service. Well equipped suite with a mini fridge, microwave and nice dishes, glasses and silverware. Impeccably clean, very impressed with the cleanliness of the property.  There is free wifi in every room, take note, Dilapidated Hilton up the road. There is also complimentary bottled water, coffee and snacks. You can choose the level of housekeeping in the room to make your stay more Eco friendly. Very close to all the Colonial Historical Sites of lower Manhattan, walking distance to  St. Paul's Chapel where George Washington worshiped, And federal hall where he took office as President. So much history, old and new are at your fingertips. Good restaurants and trains around the corner. Would gladly stay here again in heartbeat.
bubble_50	Great place for the price! Location isn't totally ideal for most first-time tourists, but from our perspective, it was perfect--close to Brooklyn, downtown/financial district, the waterfront, right near Century 21, and within close range to the subway system with easy, quick access to anywhere. Also quite cheap and easy to get to from Newark Airport. Room comfortable, restaurant looked good (but didn't have a chance to eat there), lots of restaurants and shops in the vicinity (although not quite lively on weekends); loved the purified water and bottle on each floor, which could come in extremely handy on hot summer days, and the coffee/cappuccino machine in the lobby was graet. Snacks were even available on weekdays--quite a selection and a pleasant surprise. Size-wise, I was
bubble_40	The hotel was great. Very high-tech, efficient, attentive staff, and clean. Stayed there overnight for my HS reunion. Nice lobby area with coffee and lots of computers. My room was quiet as well. The next day I walked all over Ground Zero and the Financial District while leaving my bags there. The price was great because it wasn't a very popular visiting time for tourists.
bubble_50	Unassuming, small, no fanfare lobby. Great staff, smiles, I actually believe they are happy to see me. The hotel has a kiosk for services, and the staff takes the guest to the kiosk and actually shows how to use. Great. Thanks Brandon!! Security: Only Key insert will activate elevator.  Nice features with no additional charges: Endless purified water. Refills available each floor Refrigerator WiFi, AND borrow an iPad if you need  Xtra pillows, blankets available in guest closet each floor.  Multi-menu delivery from area restaurants. Reasonable charges.  Restaurant on premise. Attractive bar/lounge. Very much like  a European hotel. Not huge rooms, but well appointed, comfortable, clean! Steps off Wall Street, subway, all things Financial.  A hidden gem I had know idea existed.
bubble_50	At half the price of the top chains, this is a wonderful choice for the single business traveller. Rooms, though tiny, are very well designed, so everything you need is at your fingertips. And everything is clean and new and top quality -- from the comfortable double bed to the large TV to the fixtures in the small but functional bathroom. This is now my preferred Wall Street hotel.
bubble_40	Overall our stay here was great. The staff were very friendly and professional, and the hotel really went above and beyond storing bags for us and all of the other people participating in Bike New York after checking out in the morning. The common areas and our room were clean, the room was a decent size for NYC, and it was nice and quiet. The only downside to our stay was the bed. I don't know what you would call this bed, but it certainly wasn't a queen as our reservation had stated. It was about as wide as a double bed, and short. I'm only 5'4" and it was barely long enough for me to lay down and be completely on the mattress; my husband is taller and had to sleep with his knees bent so his feet wouldn't hang over the end. It wasn't comfortable either and neither of us got a
bubble_30	I head on into New York regularly, and I always try to find a hotel where the price is right (i.e. hovering around the $200/night mark) but has a contemporary/cool energy. Now that were into the Spring, though, the room rates have shot way up. Even reliably lower-cost properties have inched toward $300. So I went on Priceline, rolled the dice and got a room for less than $200. When I saw that it was Club Quarters, I was disappointed. I stayed at the Club Quarters in Chicago fairly recently, and I didnt like it at all.   I have to say, the Wall Street location was much better. The staff members were uniformly efficient and friendly. They defied my suspicion about Priceline reservations in that they did not give me the worst room in the house; in fact, they put me on the top
bubble_50	This hotel is geared for a business traveler during the week, but is a great value on the weekend. We just stayed there on May 4 with some of our out of state family and we were so impressed by how well the hotel is run and the condition of the facility.  This property is well maintained.  The rooms were very clean and a pretty good size for NYC.  As others have said it is convenient to the subway, and there are places to get a quick bite of food (TAZ) just around the corner.  You can walk to Battery Park, the 9/11 Memorial, and Pier 17 from there.  The staff was courteous, friendly, and willing to help with any request.  All in all a very pleasant stay; I would stay here again.
bubble_50	On a three week stay and the facility is great.  Convenient to anywhere or anything in NYC.  Subway entrance just outside the door.  Clean,  bright rooms with high ceilings. Comfortable bed, reasonable workstation, flat panel TV, fridge also free coffee, water, and Wifi. Third floor gym and laundry,  clean and working.  All the staff, housekeeping to maintenance to all the wonderful front desk folks were happy to assist always!  Anthony recommended a great restaurant in Chinatown.  Lisa always greets you with a smile.  Give Club Quarters a try you won't be disappointed.
bubble_50	April 27-29 2013 Club Quarters was in an excellent location to all the Lower Manhattan things we wanted to do. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Pub was fun and the dining was excellent- (the pork chop was out of this world and the sorbet was refreshing). Enjoyed the espresso's, coffee cookies and candy/ nuts after a day out about town. The lounge was perfect for meeting up with our friends. Free access to computer was very helpful when trying to locate a deli. Rooms were clean and large for being in NYC. It was very nice and we will recommend to others- 2 3 subway right around the corner and a church next door.
bubble_40	If you want to get a reasonably-sized room for 4  persons then 2 room suite is a good choice and also relatively inexpensive taking into account the price level in Manhattan The location is excellent and You can walk to the most of the places in Lower Manhattan and take e.g.  a subway elsewhere.  Do not expect any luxuries.   And do not expect any fantastic scenes from your window. Bathroom/toilette was rather small and while its unlockable, semi-transparent , semi-open door did not bother us it could really bother someone.  But the hotel was peaceful and we were able to sleep well at nights.  Gym was small , but OK with e.g. a few treadmills.  We had breakfasts in the kitchenette which was convenient since there were a a couple of good supermarkets/groceries nearby
bubble_40	Tagged along with my husband on a business trip. The room was tiny but comfortable. Coffee, water and ice were all free from a central point on every floor. They had a good gym and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel might nee an upgrade / modernisation but was well located in the Wall Street area. Close to banks, restaurants, CVS, etc. I would stay there again.
bubble_50	I have been in NYC for one week and I'm so happy to have chosen Club Quarters. The room was wide and well equipped, the hotel staff is very kind and they make a lot of things available for their guests. In the hall there are snacks, coffee, tea, soft drink, beers, everything made available for free, and on the floors' corridors there are free automatic water machine and free empty bottle to fill. If you look better, you will discover that beside them there is a narrow door, if you open it you can find iron and ironing board, tea and coffe if you run them out in your room, igienic paper, towels and so on. We had a really giant bed! Moreover, the rates are advantageous. I really enjoyed my soujourn there! Good job Club Quarters folks!
bubble_40	I stayed for three nights over the weekend April. All in all I got really good value. The hotel caters to business travellers rather than tourists so as long as you go in with those expectations you will be satisfied. The room was clean, efficient, quiet and comfortable. Unlike other hotels I stayed in, quick elevators, friendly staff and efficient check-in and check-our.  Tips: The hotel is on the same block as line 2&3 Wall Street station, and within two block are the subway stations for the 5,6 trains. All express train to mid-town and Brooklyn. The restaurant n the hotel is really good, I had one of the best meals ever and was surprised I could get such a good meal in a hotel.  Cons: no night life, if you are ok with taking the subway or cabs, no problem. I am a City person
bubble_30	Stayed here end Dec 2012, walking distance to Wall str and Bowling green , the location is great , reception staff very helpful but for the price I paid , I excpected a little bit more . It's rated 4 star but facilities are still a bit dated , found the lifts to be bit a nuisance as you camp forever . The exorbitant rates for local calls ( NYC ) did not understand guess you make up for unlimited supply of the purified water and free coffee .
bubble_40	we checked in on Saturday March 30th for 2 nights. Our check in was smooth and our room was ready even though we were an hour early. We were on the 5th floor. We looked right onto the church next door and being easter weekend it all kind of worked. The church bells ring every hour throughout the day, so it was fine. Our room was small, yet clean and well appointed. The hotel was right on the wall st. Subway stop, so travelling was fine. The free water and coffee/tea was great as was the hotel restaurant. The location is far from the craziness of midtown, but was perfectly suited for us. We walked all over the place and the hotel is not far from the 9-11 memorial, the seaport, the ferry to Staten island, NYSE, and we walked down Broadway to chinatown. Great price, good room, good
bubble_50	I "won" this hotel on Priceline for under $150 a night.  At first I was upset because I didn't think I was bidding on any hotel that was 3 1/2 stars.  I read the reviews and was a little concerned that the rooms may be too small, even for NYC standards.  We had used this hotel for guest for my daughter's wedding a year ago and everyone was satisfied.  We arrived a little bit before 11:00 am on a Wednesday.  The person checking us in said that if we checked in before 11:00 there would be an additional charge for early check in.  She "pre" checked us in and asked us to wait in the lobby until 11:00 so we could save the money.  The lobby was very comfortable with a big screen tv, free soda, latte's, cappuchino's, espresso's, and snacks such as m&m's and peanuts. I was traveling
bubble_40	I booked this hotel through a gamble on Priceline.  Ended up paying $115 for a standard room and was very happy with that.  I called to confirm and mentioned that we would like to request a queen size bed.  The staff said that our room came with a full size bed but i could upgrade.  We arrived and checked out our room and were happy to discover that we had been upgraded to the penthouse floor (PH07) with a queen size bed.  The room was very small but cute and perfect for us.  The ceiling has a weird angle to it but looks ok and adds a bunch of natural light to the space.  Clean, comfortable bed, great TV and shower. Super value for the place.  It's pretty basic around there but good access to metro.  Skip the "irish pub" on Maiden lane nearby and go to the Gastropub over on John
bubble_30	Stayed for 2 nights in April on business. Good location, close to Wall Street Metro which is a matter of steps from the front door. Friendly staff until you question a problem and then got very defensive, for example upon check out I was told the room had not been paid for by my company, reception staff was adamant that it needed paying for so I had to cover it on my credit card as was in a rush to get to airport, turns out it had been paid for so had to get refund sorted. Other than that, room was a little on the small side but very clean and fairly quiet.
bubble_40	In the what really matters, this is a good hotel that is clean and cared for inside and out.  Yes, it is older, but the rooms are generous for a big city.  Ideal for business stay, but could be fine for a shorter vacation stay as well.  I would recommend this place.
bubble_40	In January we spent two nights at this hotel. They are used to business travelers and have no luggage carts to help with bags. However, the staff was resourceful and did help me with my boxes and bags. The rooms are bare, but they are clean. The staff was always very helpful and friendly. It is a good room for the cost and location.
bubble_50	Excelent staying. Jessie at front desk helped us with anything we were needing.  From explaining us the right places to go, to solving problems with the reservation. I recommend this hotel and thank Jessie for all her help.
bubble_50	I stayed here with my fiance while meeting up with friends. It's in wallstreet area so it's nice to be away from the hussle and bustle of Times Square. It was small but clean and simple and convenient. I was very pleased!
bubble_40	I was there for work and this place was very convenient to reach the office as well as the tourist attractions in lower manhattan. The room is good and they have room service. It's clean and quiet, with nice and helpful staff. Would go back again.
bubble_50	This is a great hotel located off Wall Street in Lower Manhattan. It has bottles of complimentary water (which can be refilled as often as you like) on each floor which is a rare thing to find in a hotel least of all an NYC hotel ,The staff are incredible (especially Lisa and Brandon). They were so helpful and accommodating to us and made us feel so welcome. It has easy access to subway lines and is overall a great place to stay.
bubble_40	Had a very nice quick stay for business. The ATM style auto check in was cool!  My room was not large (very few n NYC are) it it was quiet and clean. Nice bathroom. Used the NY Sports Club gym around the corner. Easy to get a cab or subway.
bubble_50	Hotel is nice, especially since the lounge has been finished.  But for me it's the staff that makes this place special.  Always friendly with a smile, they know me by my name, and are willing to assist me beyond  what one expects.  Brandon, Lisa, Liz, Mike, Jessie, Anthony Leandno, are more like friends than staff members to me, truely caring about me, and my needs to make my stay pleasurable.  Even Steve, from the maintenance staff, made sure my room was to my liking right down to the smallest details.
bubble_50	The hotel is only a few blocks from Fulton Station Metro or Southport.  The room was nice, the hotel was quiet, and the front desk staff were very helpful.  Of all the hotels I have stayed in in NYC, this was by far the best value.
bubble_40	A little out of the way of the Midtown action, dark, quiet at night.  Close to Little Italy and Chinatown, a short walk from dim sum.  Smallest room is quite affordable (109$) and cozy. No bath in our room. Spring water dispenser on each floor. Complimentary tea and coffee at all times. No breakfast included but lots of choices nearby including adjoining restaurant. Right next to subway. Easy check in and checkout and fast! Using a self-serve terminal to register and get room keys. Parking nearby (2 blocks, around $28/night) added to room makers nightly cost $137+tax, great for a nice hotel on Manhattan.  If you want t:-) o be closer to midtown, look elsewhere and pay more. Will go back for sure.
bubble_50	Even for a New Years time price, this place was fantastic. the service was extraordinary. i have and will continue to recommend this place to friends and families. Located near Wall Street, everything is within a short cab ride or walk away. the room were always clean and staff were very attentative.
bubble_50	We stayed at Club Quarters Wall Street for a weekend. My low expectations for a NYC  "value" hotel were pleasantly blown away. We had a two-bedroom suite with a kitchenette, Everything was very clean, high-quality (from pillows to furnishings), and attractive. The rooms were bright , relatively spacious for a NYC hotel room, and airy, the wifi was free, and room service is available.  There is a decent size hotel gym, good security, and a wonderful staff. Small but appealing conveniences such as free bottled water and extra bedclothes were very nice to have. The only downside was a noisy heating system., though there is no inter-room or noise from the hall, thanks to thick doors to and within the suite.The lobby was a comfortable place to meet-up with friends and the hotel
bubble_50	I have stayed more than once at the Club Quarters Wall Street.  It is an excellent value on a weekend.  Always very clean.  This particular club quarters has a terrific staff, very helpful/going above and beyond to make your stay a nice one.  The hotel is very, very close to two subway stops with many train lines represented, so it's easy to go anywhere.  The Wall Street area may be too quiet for some, but, again, you can get anywhere, and I find the quietness a nice respite from the hubbub of Manhattan in general.  Rooms here are generally petite, but all New York hotel rooms are small, unless you are a jet-setter staying at one of the super-expensive places.  New York is, I think, one of the toughest hotel towns, so if you find something reliable like Club Quarters, take
bubble_10	This was my second time visiting this property and I will never stay here again.  The room was stuffy and despite the green signs around the room encouraging you to reuse your towels, it takes 30 minutes to get hot water for your shower.  I visited the front desk on my way out and asked what the problem was and was told, "its an old hot water heater and when the property is more then 50% full, this happens."   Really? This happens --- why doesn't someone fix this.  Think of all the other guests who were also letting their water run for 30 minutes before they could shower -- the thought of the waste is incredible.  I will not be visiting this property or any other club quarters again.
bubble_40	Based on the price, I was anxious to see what this place would be like. My standard room was only slightly smaller than a usual hotel room (amazing for NY), and when I was scheduled to move to a smaller club room during the week they actually upgraded me at no extra cost and let me stay in my standard room. The room had a very large flat screen TV and as many other reviewers have said, free bottled water can be found on every floor. The lounge also had free coffee (including lattes and cappucinos), as well as free soda and fruit and breakfast bars in the morning. The fitness center was small but had a decent selection of equipment plus weights. While there is an automated check in/out machine, we had a desk clerk help us the minute we arrived. Jessie at the front desk was
bubble_50	I have been very pleased with my stay at the Club Quarters Wall Street.  All of the people are extremely helpful, particularly Liz, Diane, Brandon, Leandro, Lisa, Jess, Mike, and Carlos.  I have traveled to downtown New York very frequently and they always make my stay very pleasant.
bubble_40	When I first walked in I was greeted very cordially by the staff which was great.  Jessie, in particular, made my stay more enjoyable. As it was my first time in New York she was a pleasant person to interact with. Not knowing my way around the metro system, or the city for that matter she really took time to make sure she gave me a good idea of how not to get lost and make it back to the hotel in one piece, not something I paid her for. I thought the rooms were not luxurious but plenty good enough to be happy to return to after an experience every night.  I mean if you are staying in New York City for a while will you be in the room anyway? But for the lack of time I spent in the room it was relatively enjoyable. The only 2 downsides to this hotel are location (far from uptown
bubble_30	If you are going to NYC on business and need to be in the financial district, here you go, you have found your hotel!  If you are here for the weekend and happened to have gotten a great rate, this is primarily a business oriented hotel, which means it is clean and comfortable, but it is not really near any of the NYC hot spots, (times sq, chelsea, soho).   The bathrooms are really small and in my opinion, the shower is pretty small and hard to navigate.   Free bottled water on every floor, and there are closets on each floor with extra linens, irons, ironing boards, etc. Also, if you need to check your luggage on the day of check out, you can do it, just make sure you leave yourself plenty of time to pick it up if you are headed to the airport or train station later, because it
bubble_30	I am staying here in this hotel during the month of March!  My coworker just returned and informed us he had bed bugs in his room on the 8th floor. So they moved his room, and fumigated the 8th floor.  This is definitely not what I want to hear and certainly bad news. Hopefully the hotel will get it's act together! Not happy!
bubble_50	This is a very nice property. The room was gigantic by NYC standards and included a fridge and microwave. It was spotless. Really-spotless! Less than a block to the subway and a really nice Duane Reade about a block away where we were able to pick up food, beer and wine to enjoy in the room (cause we had a fridge and MW, remember?) The staff was very helpful and friendly. Nice restaurant adjacent but we did not try it. Club Quarters are great hotels. This one is certainly no exception. Loved our stay!
bubble_40	I stayed for a three week period after Hurricane Sandy made a mess of NYC in November, 2012.  Not only did this hotel meet all my expectations, I was pleasently surprised they exceeded them.  Coming to a city of millions, I was welcomed, and remembered.  Greeted on a personal level, and even loaned a blazer by one of the staff, Michael Thornton.          Now returning for another month, I feel even more at home.  Extra towels, a roll away bed, and help with the parking garage was given without hesitation.     Thank you to all your staff, and house keepers for a great experience, again.
bubble_40	My Nov 2012 trip, right after Hurricane Sandy, was hastily arranged, and was booked solid, so I am going to ignore the fact that portable generators were running all night and there was a lot of banging going on all night (it was incredibly busy down there after the storm surge reeked havok in lower Manhattan).  Room was small, bathroom was clean but amazingly small; I got a room with a refrig and microwave and I went up William after work every day and got some really good deli food north a few blocks and could take it back and eat in peace. Speaking of peace, ask the front desk for earplugs if you have trouble sleeping through city noise. If you want fresh soap, shampoo, conditioner and mouthwash every day, throw them out before you leave the room, or it won't be replaced.
bubble_30	My wife and I had to extended out stay in New York 2 more days due to out flight being canceled.  Club Quarters was one of the cheaper hotels we could find in such a short time.  Literally steps from Wall St. subway station.  Very helpful front desk staff. Small room (but i wasn't expecting a big room in downtown Manhattan).  The only negative part of our stay were the very loud neighbours.  We could here them argue in the hallway, a possible fight broke out in the room, and when we were checking out early in the morning, the same people were fighting right outside the hotel.
bubble_40	This is not the place to stay if you want  a big, fancy lobby or if you are going to be spending a lot of time in your room.  This is the place for folks who need good, clean lodging to return to after a busy day in NYC.  The staff is very friendly.  The rooms are functional.  Good location for the financial district and decent access uptown via the nearby subway station.  Getting a cab nearby is more of a challenge, especially late at night.
bubble_30	The good: - reasonably friendly staff - free iPad availability from reception during your stay - good location - free water - free wifi  The bad: - The room I was given was right in front of another building and was ridiculously dark, I would have had more light in a prison cell - The air conditioner/heater had the grace of an elephant in a tutu and was way too noisy - The bathrooms are tiny in the standard rooms - There is no way of adjusting the pressure in the showers - the windows in the room can't be opened - the tv resolution was bad
bubble_50	The hotel was excellent. the service was even better. Diane Maldonado was amazing. She helped us find restaurants and  Broadway shows and attractions.  Thank you Diane. I would recommend this hotel highly.
bubble_20	I cannot complain about the service (they were able to help when asked). Location is ok. It's very close to the subway, and there are a few good restaurants nearby. But the rooms are awful... Dark, with old furniture, and smelled like mold... The TV was never working.The bathroom door didn't have a lock and it was made of transparent plastic. Made it awkard to use the toilet... I would not go back or recommend it to anyone. I just wanted to spend as little time as possible inside the bedroom. The lobby was also very poorly decorated, dark and smelled.  Please... Unless you are on a budget or need to stay downtown, stay somewhere else!
bubble_50	I just wanna say I've been staying at this location for years as a member and I always encounter great service from Diane Maldonado who has everything ready as soon as I walk in the hotel lobby.. The prices and service for my stays there have been exceptional with other hotels in the area ranging a lot more and not having the same service... I hope to continue to stay at Club Quarters as my primary hotel whenever I want comfort and great service..
bubble_50	I work at Pace University and found CQ just blocks away! A perfect location to stay at when I have to work late night functions. I have stayed here a number of times and I am never disappointed.  The rooms are nice, the filtered water bottles are a great touch, free WIFI, and the staff is very friendly.  I usually call the manager, Diana and she goes above and beyond to accommodate any of my needs.  From providing directions to the nearest restaurant to making sure that they give me any items Ive forgotten at home.
bubble_40	Club Quarters is located in the heart of the Financial District.  It has a great club room with access to the internet through a PC and Mac with free snacks and drinks and a big screen TV.  Only problem with the TV is there is no way to change the channel save getting someone from the Hotel to change it for you.  The rooms are small but well appointed and comfortable.  We heeded prior advice and asked for a room on one of the upper floors and it was very quiet.  There is a Duane Read nearby and numerous restaurants within walking distance.
bubble_50	My experience with hotels in mid-town and Brooklyn has been hot/cold from one visit to the next. No more. I only book at CQ Wall Street because I get 100% of what I expect from the room to customer service to Bailey's. Where else would the hotel manager (Diana) step out to hail a cab? The price is right. Just be sure to print out a map before you hop in a cab.Taxi drivers are clueless unless you tell them Williams between Wall St and Pine. Oh, yeah, Wall Street is around the corner... and a subway stop.
bubble_50	It's a great value, priced hundreds lower than hotels just around the corner.  Terrific front desk staff will help you arrange your transportation, map your sightseeing, choose your restaurant. The adjoining restaurant is also consistent with tasty food, excellent service and very fair pricing -- and they have the game on one of there many TVs.   So the room is a little cozy.  It's still well-appointed and set up for the business traveler.  The free bottled water is a nice touch, and the workout room serviceable indeed.   You are also just one block from where George Washington was sworn in as President!
bubble_40	Had everything you could ask for in a hotel room, Fridge, microwave, TV... I mean, except you expect Santa in your hotel room, you wont be disappointed. However, let the shower run for a while if you need hot water. Don't just jump in. Takes a while to start the hot running. Overall pleasant experience. The wifi is free, but other things like TV are pay per view.
bubble_40	We had originally booked another hotel, closer to the water which, despite only having booked it a few days before travelling, turned out to be closed due to the floods following Hurricane Sandy. They offered us accommodation elsewhere; but we wanted to be close to my brother's apartment. So we got a last minute booking at Club Quarters.  The bed was not as comfortable as some; but it was OK - and everything else about the experience was excellent. We were on the penthouse floor - with sloping ceilings and window. We had great views. The reception area was small, with staff whom we got to know, and who were very friendly. The hotel had very fast wifi, free, included in the price; and the club room had 24-hour computers (with free printing), TV, hot and cold drinks and snacks,
bubble_50	My business trip was a three week stay, I will go as far as saying I moved into Club Quarters for three weeks!  The entire staff inclusive of Ms. Diane Maldonado was a comfort zone when we meet over and over again!  The comforts were plenty.  I was especially pleased with the speed of the elevators, and efficient fitness room . The laundry room and Conference room did not go unnoticed!
bubble_40	Finding good hotels for a reasonable price in Manhattan is always a challenge, and depending on what you're aspects you're willing to trade off on this Club Quarters can be a good option for a weekend trip.   The Downtown location is ok. There isn't a whole lot going on in the area on the weekend and many restaurants are closed, but there are plenty of great attractions to see nearby. Getting from the hotel to destinations all over the city is easy with multiple subway lines running through the immediate area. In particular the Wall Street station is a half block away from the hotel which made the trip to and from Penn Station on the 2 and 3 trains very easy.   The hotel itself is pretty nice. There's nothing fancy or luxurious to see here, but if you're just looking for a good
bubble_30	Our family of 4 spent the two nights after Christmas in a suite that had many amenities - great Internet access, all the plug-ins for phones, iPads,etc and a microwave and refrigerator, and free New York Times!  The large room was split by a tv/closet/desk divider that created a bedroom(queen size bed) and living area with pull out couch.  Our only big problem was the room was cold. Couldn't get the temperature up above 63 degrees.  The front desk said it was because the building was old and we were in a corner unit  with large windows on two sides.  Asked for extra blankets and was warmer the second night. The pullout couch was small and not very comfortable so my son ended up on the floor. The staff were very helpful.  We liked the location way downtown and found it relaxing
bubble_40	I stay here at least two times a year for business; staff is polite and VERY helpful and friendly.  If I have downtime, I prefer this NY CQ location because of easy access to subway, walking distance to Native American Museum, Battery Park and other attractions.     During one stay, the hotel had a fire, staff worked hard to relocate folks as soon as possible, covered costs and helped folks with whatever was needed.  It wasnt a great experience but I did return as a guest.
bubble_40	We stayed here from 12/29/12-1/1/13.  Quite honestly, it was nice being downtown and not by Times Square for everything.  We had a Queen Sized bed with a pull out couch and for 4 people, it worked.  The suite was the biggest room I've stayed in while in NYC which is a plus.  Bathroom was small, but that's not a big deal.  Coffee and plates/silverware in the room.  The hotel is right off the 2/3 Wall Street stop and a short walk from the 4/5 subway so it's very easy to get around. Rooms were clean, but the pull out couch and the bed were a tad uncomfortable (the couch mainly).  Free laundry and work out facility on the 3rd floor with a 2nd floor business center which is a plus and means I have to bring home less smelly workout clothing.  There's a Catholic Church literally right
bubble_20	Hotel is really decent. Decent size rooms. Quiet and the staff at the desk on the ground floor are good!!  But the reason I never go back to this hotel is this guy called Jose who also works at the executime room.  I wanted to store my belongings and greeted this man. No reply. I did once more. No reply. He even did not look me into the eye. After we were done he gave me the key of the locker and ordered me to get out the room. The look at his face, the imoliteness and the rudeness. YAGH. He putt me off!! never go back!!
bubble_50	The entire check in and out process took less than 3 minutes.  Seriously!  I could not believe it.  The staff was so friendly and nice and even thought the interactions were brief, we felt welcomed.    Diane asked me to write this review, which I was happy to do since this was the absolute easiest check in/check out process I have ever experienced at any hotel ever.
bubble_50	This is one of a number of Club Quarters hotels in NYC.  I have stayed at several of these, and there is consistency of service and facilities.  It well serves the business community that surrounds Wall Street. It is very quiet at night, and the immediate subway access still gives it wonderful access to all the Manhattan offers.  The rooms are not large, but by no means claustrophobic.  They are furnished very comfortably, and there is a great working desk and space.  The rooms have a very nice modern ambiance, and provide a nice retreat after a busy day.  The free, refillable bottles of water are a plus; there is a guest closet cupboard on the floor where guest can get additional stuff they need in the room.  WiFi access is free, connects quickly and works well.  I like the
bubble_40	Stayed here for 2 nights and was surprised by the spacious rooms for a New York Hotel.  I generally try to avoid staying downtown in New York because I think other locations are more convenient.  However, the subway access was fantastic and the rooms were great.  Cabs to the rest of Manhattan may get a little expensive.  Overall, highly recommended.
bubble_40	This hotel is right across the Wall Street Subway Station with quick access to Times Square (just 10 minutes with the number 2 or 3 line). Grocery store/Pharmacy across the street. Pretty quiet area for NYC, which is good if you want to escape the large crowds and typical NYC hysteria. Hotel offers free (unlimited) bottled water. Rooms are spacious for a NYC standards. Price is ok (compared to other 3 - 4 star hotels in Manhattan). Recommended for any NYC traveller!
bubble_50	Great location- right next to the subway and a 24hr store. Quiet and comfortable place. Loved the access to filtered bottled water. Made for a wonderful weekend to experience christmas time in the city!!
bubble_30	Ok, so I agree with other reviewers that access to purified water is nice, and free wifi. However, that doesn't make it a top notch hotel. The front desk personal was a bit rude when we arrived, but other than that service was fairly attentive. We needed extra pillows and glasses and it was delivered fast. We did get woken up too early one morning because the staff was trying to deliver a bag to a guest but they got the wrong room.   For business people it may be convenient, but as a business traveller myself I look for more in my hotels, like a better gym, better decor, it's overall a boring experience. The TVs are horrible quality.   I don't get the membership aspect of the place, but maybe it's just me expecting that anything that requires membership should have something
bubble_50	During the time of thanksgiving break my family and I stayed at Club Quarters Wall St. We were in NYC for family time and fun time traveling from North Carolina. During the times of not spending time with family we wanted to travel around New York for site seeing and maybe even see a show. Although this hotel does not have a concierge I have to say Diane Maldonado (front desk manager) really helped us out ALOT! She mapped out the whole city for us even gave us the best ways of traveling instead of spending money and time on yellow taxi cabs!  I also must put my input about the bottled water feature! Never have I scene this before and it was such a luxary!!! Wow. The kids also loved the complimentary snacks/sodas on the second floor business lounge. Love the hotel over all
bubble_50	Spent three weeks at Club Quarters Wall Street for an out of town assignment. Very convenient in regards to location to subway stops. Extremely courteous and helpful staff, Sophie, Branden, Liz, Diane and Kirsten, made the stay exceptional, they are an asset to this hotel. I highly recommend staying at this location if you are looking for accommodation near Wall Street.  I will definitely stay here again when I am in the area. Thank You.
bubble_40	Nice hotel, the only problem I had was noise from the water pipes.  It happened on several occasions during the night.  Staff was eager to fix the problem. The front desk staff were excellent! Kudos to Diane, Liz, Sophie, and Brenden
bubble_50	This was a great hotel for the price - staff were very attentive, room was clean and as advertised - location was PERFECT, directly above the Wall Street station - an Express stop on the red line, and one block from an Express stop on the green line.
bubble_40	Spent Thanksgiving weekend at Club Quarters.   Reasonable price for NYC (where none of the hotel prices are reasonable).   Room was small but adequate; as mentioned in other reviews, internet was iffy.    I have seen notes in other hotels advising one to leave towels on the floor if one wants clean ones (and don't care about the environment).    I have always hesitated because I felt picking up towels and washcloths from the floor meant extra work for cleaning crew.   Most places replace the towels anyway.  This one doesn't!   In fact, despite there being two of us, we had to call downstairs for a second washcloth on each night.    We've only been married for 45 year and don't know each other well enough to share washcloths.   Another odd thing...there was a room service tray
bubble_30	I'd stayed in the Philadelphia Club Quarters many times and found the Wall Street property essentially identical. This chain has an unusual model patterned (loosely) on the idea of university clubs rather than full-service hotels. You can check in and out using an automated terminal in the lobby, without ever interacting with a single human being if you want (there is a desk staff, however, if you prefer to do things the old fashioned way). Rooms are tiny but well laid out and well appointed. Mine was perfectly clean, with an excellent work desk and good lighting (and free Internet access). The bed was comfortable and the bathroom small but perfectly fine. Everything was reasonably up-to-date and well-maintained. Among the peculiar features of Club Quarters hotels, each floor
bubble_30	This hotel is cozy to say the least. The room we were first offered only had 2 twins beds (had 3 people in party) so we had to upgrade to a suite in order to be more comfortable. Hotel staff was nice but seemed like there was some confusion with lots of people standing around and not quite sure what is going on. Overall hotel was good. I liked the free water on each floor. The restaurant attached to hotel was also very good. Bartenders were very nice and helpful. The outside of the building was under construction while we were there. Didn't really hear any construction noise just had scaffolding all around the building. The location of the hotel is okay. I would have rather been in midtown but we found a good number of restaurants in the downtown area as well. Overall decent
bubble_30	Walk the few extra blocks to stay at Club Quarters World Trade Center instead.  Yes it is a good value, low prices.  Yes it is close to Wall St and on my company approved list of hotels.  BUT Club Quarters Williams St is in an old building, with very slow elevator, tiny rooms, office workers looking into your window, area is desserted at night.  24 hour Duane Reade across the street is a plus to pick up a snack or toiletries.  Short walk to Century 21 for shopping or South Street Seaport for shopping and restaurants.  But Club Quarters WTC is a newer building, a more vibrant neighborhood and comparable prices.
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great location, just off Wall St, and right by several subway stops. There were some really good restaurants just down the street on a nice cobblestone ally. Check-in was fast, the frontdesk staff were really helpful. They have a storage room, so when we rented bikes we were able to store them overnight. Overall, it was a great place and so convenient! The room was clean and quiet.
bubble_30	Stayed at the Club Quarters Wall Street  for 2 days. The rooms are very small as expected in Manhattan. It is a basic room with no frills. The location was very good as I could easily walk to my office and other important places within the financial district. It does get pretty quiet in the evening so if you are looking for a peaceful business stay, this would be a good place. The staff are extremely helpful.   Do note that they don't call cabs for you, only rental cars. So if you need a cab you will need to get one from the street. On a friday evening this may be difficult specially if you have luggage so plan accordingly.
bubble_40	I spent one night in this Hotel and was very impressed. The room had everything except a tub. The place is extremely clean and this was a very important factor for me. The staff are very helpful and the lounge has free computers, printer, coffee and drinks, TV, so they allowed me to sit in the lounge long past my check out time. I highly recommend the Hotel.
bubble_30	This is a good property that is close to my office in NYC.  Nothing fancy, but clean and nice with good service.  The rooms are small.  Not much else to say on this property -- it is all about the easy location to the financial district.  Enough said.
bubble_40	We spent one night in NYC to have dinner with friends. The hotel is a stone's throw from the Wall Street Metro.  It was pretty far from the restaurant we chose but taxis were everywhere.  The room was clean and well-equipped with necessities; ice water and ironing boards are within reach in every floor.  The Wall Street area is clean and quiet, a welcome change for us.
bubble_50	my wife and i spent a lovely weekend in new york city recently and were pleasantly surprised by our stay at the club quarters wall street hotel.  there was a terrific promotion rate for the hotel and the accomodations were first class. the room was spacious and clean and the staff was extremely helpful, especially in storing two  of our bicycles. wall street is a bit of a distance to the other :"action " areas of new york but we were just a $10 cab ride from anything that we wanted to do. the quietness of the area was also a bonanza for usand the price was defintely right for the hotel.
bubble_30	I stayed here for one night on business, checked in late form the airport, but checkin was polite and efficient. The room was spacious, clean and well appointed. Overall, a little bit tired, but not dirty. There was ample space with a king sized bed, desk and chair and a separate soft chair. The hotel had complimentary wifi which I always appreciate. There's a pub adjoining the hotel which I had no opportunity to use, but they use this for breakfast in the mornings. That said, it didn't open until 9:00am the morning I was there so I walked forty yards down the street to a very nice little coffe shop called Macarons and had my coffee and muffin there.  I've read mixed reviews about this hotel, but it was well placed for where I needed to be on business, it was clean and had
bubble_40	Finding a room in New York for a decent price is difficult.  We searched for quite awhile.  Felt the price for Club Quarters was as good as we were going to find.  Not knowing the area, we felt the Financial District was a good bet.  It was a little far from all the Midtown action, but we felt safe walking around.  Very close to Ground Zero.  Check in was so easy!  Staff at desk was very helpful.  Room was a standard queen.  Nice size for New York.  Very clean room, which is important to us.  Bathroom sufficient with stand up shower, no tub, wardrobe, desk and chair.  They have a linen closet on the hall so you can help yourself to extra blankets and pillows.  They also have a water station with bottles you can fill.  We found this very helpful. The main floor has a nice lounge
bubble_30	The other reviews are helpful yest let me add that if you come from the airport try to take the underground to get there as traffic can be very bad on the ground; I lost many presious hours in a 2-day visit. Also good to know that there is no dining or breakfast, just some snacks (which are well appreciated). Helpful yet very busy staff. Athough there was construction work going on in the street this does not bother much once in the room. Room with fridge was clean, well equipped and in principle quiet. The bed was comfortable. I had to get the earplugs out because there was an awkwards sound during the night which was related, I believe, to surrounding rooms operating showers. And it has been a while since I had to mop the floor in the shower.....  This was the second time I
bubble_40	The hotel is relatively clean and the staff is very friendly.   The room is a bit small but it's a decent place to get a good night's sleep.  It's also very close to the Wall Street subway stop and within walking distance of the ferries to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis island.
bubble_40	You may not get a great view from the room - but you are a stone's throw away from NYSE and the charging bull and World Trade Centre. Broadway is less than a few hundred metres from the hotel. Perfect location for the financial district and room size was huge and included a kitchenette. Free cold water filter on every floor was helpful. Very friendly staff.
bubble_50	Guest service manager,  Diane Maldonado,  set the tone for a great visit by graciously providing ready room upon our early arrival. She was consistently friendly and helpful,  offering useful suggestions, perfect directions and warm greetings. Room was clean,  quiet,  and comfortable.
bubble_40	Club Quarters is located at the new World Trade Center, near the 9/11 Memorial.  The views of both from the 20th floor restaurant alone are worth the stay.  The rooms are very well organized with everything you need for an enjoyable stay:  comfy bed, flat screen TV, internet access, print capability, and even a laptop reserved for you, specifically, to print boarding passes from the hotel.  One of our favorite perks was the free water bottles guests could fill with purified, cold water, and take with them.  We enjoyed the hotel's close proximity to the ferries for the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, and Staten Island (which is free).  The subway entrances are nearby as well.  All in all, it was a great stay.  Did I mention the fantastic shower?
bubble_40	Second time at CQ, Wall Street.  Great experience, extremely convenient location, within walking distance of many meal options.  Staff were very helpful and friendly, especially Diane and Tom at the front desk.  The coffee service in the lobby was enjoyable and available from 6:30 am to 6:30 pm.  The chilled water on each floor was very welcome.  The Guest Closet on each floor with a supply of items that might be needed (extra coffee, creamer, pillow, blanket, etc.) is also a great idea.  All unique touches.  Looking forward to the next business opportunity that will take me back to Wall Street.
bubble_40	Obviously, if you're visiting NYC on business, this is a fantastic location.  If you're conducting business in the Financial District, you're only steps away.  Even if you're doing business in Midtown, you are just moments away by subway.  The location might not be as great for tourists, but due to the proximity of numerous subway lines and the typically lower prices hotels in this neighborhood charge, its not a bad choice for tourists either.  The lobby is very nice, the staff are friendly and will help you quickly.  The rooms are clean and well appointed.  Of course, its NYC so they are small, but they get the job done.
bubble_40	I stayed here for the last week of December and Left on New Year's day.  I booked it last minute, and got some great rates.  Check-in was quick and easy.  The location is great, it is right in the heart of the financial district. The NYSE is just around the corner. Wall street station is close by too.  However, if you want night life and tourist attractions, this hotel is far from it. Everything closes at night in the financial district. Which I am fine with, since it makes things more quiet. Although it means walking a bit to find dinner.  The rooms were comfy and clean. Internet access, TV, clean bathroom, etc. If you need more soap, towels, or linens, you can walk down the hall and get it out of the supply closet yourself. I loved that idea!  There is plenty of pamphlets at
bubble_50	One stayed one night but the room had a kitchenette and was very closed to Ground Zero, wall street, Century 21 for shopping, a Starbucka right on the corner. A perfect hotel on the lower Manhattan if you are there to experience the city or work. If you want to sit in the hotel you can find more spacious hotels with more service, surely.
bubble_40	I have stayed at a lot of club quarters for my business trips. Three weeks ago I stayed at the Club Quarters on Wall Street, it by far was my favorite stay. I was checked in by Bridget Moore, the Senior Desk Manager. She was very accommodating and helped me out a lot during my trip. I am not familiar with New York City, it was my first time coming to the city for business and she directed me to great restaurants and attractions. I would definitely stay at this club quarters again.
bubble_40	I realize the financial district isn't the premiere location for seeing the sights, but for a quick 1 night trip to meet up with family, our little family (2 adults/2 boys) loved staying here. Quiet, clean and spacious -- plus the staff were very kind and welcoming! I repeatedly commented on how large the room was! They make great use of little corners and alcoves.   Conveniently located near the Wall St subway stop, and the Financier pastry shop a block or so away blew my husband away, as he hadn't tasted a "real" French croissant in the US since growing up in rural France in the 80s. We have found our go-to hotel for future NYC visits!
bubble_40	The Club Quarters Rockefeller Center is situated on 51st St. betweeen 5th and 6th Aves - kitty corner from Radio City Music Hall.  My 2 sisters and I drove to NYC to celebrate 2 of our birthdays at the end of August.  We stayed at the Club Quarters and had a beautiful room on the 3rd floor, facing 51st Street.  Services were excellent and staff very informative.  Their 7th floor dining/lounge with outside sitting balcony where we had munchies and drinks and stared at the City lights and the full moon on Aug.31st.  First time in NYC. Although quite expensive, we'll be back.
bubble_20	I've stayed in loads of club quarters and the only thing going for this one is the location. Great for the financial district but the rooms are old, bathroom small and showing age with staining on shower, air condition is noise and the controls are manual and very inaccurate. Not a nice room to sit in at all.
bubble_40	I stayed here on a business trip for 3 nights. The location is very convenient, within the financial district. It's also right on top of Wall St. metro station. Getting anywhere in Manhattan by metro is convenient. There is free drinking water machine located in every floor. That's very nice. You can store your luggage for free after you check out. However, when I came back around 9pm to get my luggage, I found that the luggage room attendant had already left and my luggage and another luggage was unattended. I felt that anyone could have walked in the room and take my luggage because there were simply no other people on the same floor. Having said that, I'm still glad that they offered this service, just that it could be improved. The room I stayed at was generally quiet,
bubble_50	Courteous and helpful staff; reasonably sized room; several take-out/delivery menus provided; surprisingly economical.  My only complaint is that the 2nd bed was a sleeper-sofa.  It is not as comfortable as a bed.  It appears that Club Quarters' rooms also function as business rooms, so the sleeper-sofa would make sense.  When we return to NYC, we will stay there again.
bubble_40	We booked this hotel through Expedia.  Inadvertently we were double booked .  Be sure to check your credit card charges before going to hotel as they were unwilling to cancel our "second" room even though both room bookings were identical.   Hotel appears to be very inflexible.
bubble_50	We were slightly concerened at booking into was is obviously a Business hotel for a 6 night City Break, but we need'nt have worried, the hotel was great in almost every respect !  The rooms were on the small side, but for the price and in New York acceptable. My main criteria for judging a room is always how comfortable the bed is and does it have a good shower ? Both were ideal !!  The staff were very helpful and very forthcoming with any advice &/or information. The location is brilliant, being in the Financial District it's much quieter at night, although there's plenty to see & do in the vicinity during the day and the subway is yards away on Wall Street and only took 15 mins. to get to Times Square & all the midtown activities.  If you're worried about security don't, the
bubble_50	I had the opportunity to visit NYC to commemorate the 100th  anniversary of my grandfather's immigration through Ellis Island.  Over 40 relatives were meeting in NYC for this grand event.  As a family we decided to book hotel and airfare accommodations on our own (since we were all spread out in the USA) and meet at Battery Park on July 31st.  I used Expedia for the first time and was extremely pleased with that experience.  My husband and I decided to stay near Battery Park since it was the major gathering place and we were getting on the 8 am ferry.  Knowing that NYC is expensive we wanted to find a nice hotel at a reasonable price.  I did a lot of internet searching via Expedia and found that Club Quarters Hotel at William Street WAS THE PERFECT HOTEL for price and location.
bubble_50	Very nice and secure part of New York as well as near to everything. The sofa bed was a bit soft, okey for children to sleep at though. The big bed was brilliant. Nice bathroom. God to have ice cold and fresh water at every floor.   Each and every one of the staff were really helpful and made our stay to the very best. If I go back to NY I will stay there again!
bubble_30	We are a group of two adults and one child, and we recently stayed in the Club Quarters Wall Street suite for two weeks. The hotel wasn't anything fancy, but our room had a sink, microwave and fridge which are useful for an extended stay anywhere. I enjoyed the daily housekeeping service, and our cleaner was a cheerful lady. We particularly liked having the purified water dispenser in the hallway (on every floor), and it was nice to have free use of the washer and dryer (with free detergent) especially when travelling with a grubby 3-year-old. The fitness room was very basic - a couple each of treadmills, ellipticals and bicycles, with some dumbbell weights - but with all the walking (and possibly biking) in the city, you wouldn't really need to hit the gym unless you're here on
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay at the Club Quarters, it is very close to everything, just a short walk to the 9/11 Memorial site, city hall and shopping (Century 21 ) not far from catching the tour bus, the room was small but good enough to move around, closet space for 2, and the bathroom only had a shower,  everything was very clean and was very well presented, when I go back we will stay at this hotel again, no questions asked.The staff were very helpful, in giving us directions, parking was right around the corner and costs $28.00 a day, also around the corner was a great store Taz, it had breakfast, lunch, and dinner plus everything for snacks, beer and wine,the only thing I wished we had in our room was a mini fridge, some rooms had them so next time I will request a room with
bubble_50	Came here for a girls weekend and was really impressed. Room is clean and quiet. All the employees are very nice and helpful. We liked the free printing and the lobby lounge. The restaurant next store has a busy bar scene and looked good too. We will be back!
bubble_30	Stayed 12 days, no problems till checkout. Overcharged for items. I wished I had their management staff employed by myself, they will cover for employee indiscretions and lies till the end without braking a sweat. Other than that I can pretty much say it was a comfortable place for the price and amenities are available for ones convenience.
bubble_40	Hotel is clean, reasonably quiet, and comfortable.  Rooms are small, but hey, you're in Manhattan - what are you sleeping for anyway? Seriously, couples want to make sure that you get a queen sized bed to prevent marital difficulties.  Hotel's location can't be beat, across the street from the 2 and 3, and a short walk to Battery Park.  There are a couple of good restaurants within walking distance, and a 24 Hour Duane Reade next door to the hotel. Hotel staff were excellent.
bubble_40	Perfect midtown location.  2 minutes to Radio City and shopping.  Yes the room was tiny but clean and efficient.  Have everything you could need - besides how much time you spending in your room when in NY?  Its a business travelers hotel so not huge on amentities but good value still.  restaurant has buffet breakfast - either full or continental (diff prices).  But there are two bodegas a minute walk on either side of the hotel that do fabulous breakfasts and fresh.  No need to waste money on hotel restaurant.  One nice feature is the free water bottle service.  Every other floor has a filtered water dispenser with plastic bottles so you can grab some at the hotel instead of wasting money on buying it.  Came in handy during the heat wave when I was there.
bubble_50	The excellent service and kidness of the front desk memebers : Diane,Bridget,Brandon,Kirsten,Mike,Liz,Leandro and Tom and the manager Kevin made our stay in NY Unforgetable.Muchas Gracias !It was our first time in NY and we didn't know anything about this hotel but thank to all of you  it was a wonderful experience and we didn't want to leave . The rooms are very comfortable and clean and there is always a smile and cold water after the busy days walking around the city. We cannot wait to come back to this wonderful hotel and would recomend it to every body!
bubble_50	The rooms were nice, very clean, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the area.  The location was great - there's a subway stop 1/2 block away, you could walk to all the attractions in lower Manhattan and then subway it Uptown.  There are a number of restaurants in the neighborhood at all price points to choose from.  Even though this is a business area, most were open at night and during the weekend.  This was the lowest price per night that I found in the area.  The only distraction was the A/C unit was a bit noisy, so we just shut it off.  Would definitely stay here again when we come back to NY.
bubble_40	We stayed at this hotel on July 27th & 28th.  Although the room was small it was adequate, clean and met our needs.The front desk staff was excellent.  We were within walking distance of Wall Street, South Street Seaport, the Hudson River and the World Trade Memorial site.  We had breakfast each morning at a local restaurant and walked to our restaurants each night.  If the downtown area is your destination it is a great bargain.
bubble_50	Right in the midst of the financial district, one block from the Stock Exchange Building, across from Trump Building; banks all around; close to Broad St. subway connecting to rest of city; comfortable rooms, attentive staff; amazing shopping and restaurants very close; special props to Diana at the front desk( day shift) who went out of her way to find the routes to our business destinations. The hotel we will now return to for all our NY trips - business or pleasure. Thanks. DH
bubble_40	The location of the hotel is perfect for a downtown hotel. The hotel was clean the staff was kind and room was very good. Tv and minibar was okay. A/C was properly working.And the view of room was very good.
bubble_50	I had the good fortune to stay at Club Quarters in May and this review is long overdue. The staff is first rate. I would return there every chance I get.  First Rate!!!  The restaurant next to the lobby was fabulous, the night staff is attentive, and there are a few times that they went out of the way to make sure that everyone was happy.
bubble_40	In the centre of the financial district, a few steps away from the Fulton stop where more than 11 metro lines meet, 5 minutes away from ground zero, excellent positioning. We were a party of three, stayed for the weekend. The staff was very helpful and courteous, the room was big enough for us to fit comfortably with a view on some skyscrapers (seventh floor), the price was very low (about 40 $ per night, at the end of July!!) because we bought the flight +hotel package, and they allowed us to store the luggage for allll day on Monday when we left.  Convenient pricing and checkout time (12 pm) but breakfast is not included.
bubble_40	Good location near subway station. Modern and clean rooms, we got the special deal on Expedia $50 off so it was worth the money for Manhattan. Not sure i would stay there for full price... We did not use any service so can't say anything about that, but staff was very nice. Overall we liked it.
bubble_20	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters on William St for two nights.  The first night we were up until 4 am because the air conditioner makes a clicking sound every 15 minutes for 10 minutes straight.  We finally went downstairs, I was almost in tears from not sleeping the whole night, and the woman at the front desk explained that they have been having this problem with a lot of the rooms and she sent up someone to try and fix it.  When the person could not fix the problem the woman at the front desk offered for us to switch rooms.  The first room they showed us smelled foul and had anti-diarrheal medicine on the counter and the second room they showed us was on the top floor and was half the size of our original room.  The woman at the front desk explained that
bubble_40	This was my first stay at the hotel. I have previously ignored it as I had heard the rooms were small and unappealing. I was very surprised when I checked in. Service is friendly, the room was bigger than expected, clean and reasonably light. The hotel packs in a few extras: free internet, a small but acceptable gym, water machines on each floor and as usual with CQ there is a stand alone bar, restaurant on the ground floor which is pretty popular. There is also a lounge, business room on the ground floor.  The bed was comfortable and the room quiet. Given the price of midtown hotels, if you know NY and how to get around downtown this is definitely worth considering.
bubble_40	Not a fan of the check in machine. The cleaners also missed some things in my room before I checked in. The bathroom was also small, but the rooms are very nice. The 24 hour Duane Reade and the subway across the street is also a plus.
bubble_40	I will stay here the next time in NYC.  The financial district is lively at night, lots going on, good hotel with free wifi, easy access to meetings, gym, helpful staff, quiet.  Great value.  I was able to get lots of work done and have a good time.    Next trip I will bring the husband.
bubble_50	Club Quarters William st Manhattan, booked 13 nights and great experience. Staff helpful, great services, chilled purified water on every floor. Free fresh brewed coffee all day in the lounge. Free laundry facilities. Next door to the subway and couple stops to the hub of the city. Room a little small but clean and tastefully furnished. Great rates, definitely stay again.
bubble_40	The hotel and rooms were appointed beautifully. Clean, good service, good food in the attached restaurant/bar.  The rooms were incredibly small though, but it is New York City so what more can you expect. HOWEVER, this is NOT a good hotel for leisure travelers unless you plan to spend every minute other than sleeping in other parts of town.  It is down near Wall Street so at night and on weekends the place is pretty much a ghost town. On the upside it is right next to a red metro you can jump on and go everywhere and taxis are always available.
bubble_20	I arrived at Club Quarters to be greeted by an automatic check-in machine and some friendly staff who helped me out. Unfortunately, they checked me into a room which was already occupied and the key worked in the door - I walked in to hear water coming from the shower and saw clothes laid out on the bed! They put me in another room and I was concerned that there was no safe, particularly as it seemed anyone could have walked in! Service at breakfast was very poor.
bubble_40	I stayed 3 nights at the Club Quarters in May 2012. The hotel is situated in a good location, very near to the Wall street subway. All facilities in the room as Wi-Fi, fridge, tea and coffee machine, TV and an additional sofa. The room was very nice, comfortable and was quite spacious.  Good customers service. The staff was very helpful. The price is affordable for the location.  Definitely recommended.
bubble_40	I traveled here for work and stayed 4 days. Close walking distance to the Stock Exchange and World Trade Center Memorial; if you need a taxi or private car to the airport, the front desk is more than happy to arrange it. The standard room would be good for a single person or couple. Very nice size wardrobe and desk. I loved the free Wifi; also on each floor there is a purified water stand and you can bottle your own water - great perk!
bubble_20	The hotel has nice sized, comfortable rooms in a great location. An excellent value. However, when I learned a client had sent me some support materials to the hotel the day before I arrived, I was dismayed that I was never informed. I called the hotel manager's office several times a few days after my stay to retrieve the package and left voice messages. My calls were left unanswered. No calls back- no package.
bubble_50	Stayed at the Garden City Hotel and the Roger Hotel as well as one day at Club Quarters.  Other hotels were significantly more expensive with higher ratings and fell far short of the simple and efficient Club Quarters.  Excellent FREE internet (unlike Garden City Hotel which wanted $12+dollars per device for AT+T which is a horrible company).  Roger Hotel Internet was weak.  Staff was professional at all hotels but Club Quarters was a fraction of the price and the best night I spent in the city and Long Island.  Garden City Hotel was especially disappointing:  Lousy Pool, outdated look and mediocre distracted support.
bubble_30	Had some business in the area and went to Club Quarters - again. The hotel is OK and fairly priced. Easy check-in /out procedure (self-service) and complimentary wi-fi +fresh water at each floor. There were some noise from other guests when you are in the room and that could be disturbing from time to time. Very nice breakfast restaurants in the neighbourhood and close to the subway (Wall St. not open at weekends).
bubble_40	I often travel to NY and finding a hotel for a cheap price in can be hard. That said, Club Quarters staff are easy to work with, provide good customer service, and room rate at a good value. This is true in the US and UK just got back from London.
bubble_40	We stayed in Club Quarters for 2 nights in April 2012, as the last stop as part of a round the world trip.   As we only booked a couple of weeks before arrival we had difficulty finding a Manhattan hotel for a decent price, and Club Quarters offered a good deal.   The rooms were small, business-like but comfortable.   Wall Street Subway station is only a few steps from the hotel so perfect for us tourists lapping up all Manhattan has to offer in a short space of time.   Cant complain for the price - would stay again.
bubble_40	The hotel has a great location, situated behind Wall Street and very close to a number of subway stations.  Facilities were great with free wifi and an empty fridge in the hotel room, both a rarity it seems.  Rooms were small but ample (and in line with the size of most NY hotel rooms!) and the hotel was clean and the staff helpful.  Would definately stay again.
bubble_30	Stayed for three weeks. Rooms are small and the in dining options are very limited. Not much to do around this are over the weekend. Better stay in Midtown. AC/heating not very effective. Not worth the money.
bubble_50	Stayed here over a weekend, had great access to everything in the city (though Wall St. itself isn't all that exciting!). Recommended.
bubble_20	Our stay at the hotel lasted four days. During this period soap (etc) were not replenished. Once I had to ask for toilet paper. The attendants are not attentive. The room looks old, worn and the walls are thin enough to listen to the guest room next to speak. Never again.
bubble_20	The location is fine- great for business and fine for tourism (there's so much going on down there now, and it's nearly almost every subway line).  The lobby was tiny but the staff was quick, friendly, and professional (except for the dope who was throwing out profanities while telling his co-workers about his taxi fare).  The room was tiny and ugly- tiny bed, super-cheap linens, a total of two crap pillows, super small bathroom, no safe, no chain lock, crappy furniture.  I was so embarrassed when my significant other walked in.  Plus the bathroom had hairs all over it- gross!  I appreciate the hotel trying to offer a value, but in fact it wasn't a value (paid much less for a beautiful Doubletree around the corner).  I would not stay here again and feel that Hotwire should be
bubble_40	I stayed for one night in this hotel for business.   The rooms were okay nothing special but roomy for New York.  It was very quite - this is something I look for in NYC because I can't sleep with sirens and city noise . They do provide filtered water with bottles that you can fill yourself in the hall (I liked that).     There is no character or ambiance in this hotel but the staff was friendly and it provided a sufficient place to lay your head!   The TV in my room was small and didn't really work all that well.    It is very close to the Wall St subway station so a very easy subway ride to uptown.   I would stay here again.   It was a reasonable rate for NYC and I wasn't going for luxury.  I saved my $$ for shopping!
bubble_40	Obvious great location for financial district business travel but we went for the weekend. Walk to World Trade Center, Brooklyn Bridge, South Street Seaport, All the ferries: East River, Governors Island etc.  In real estate terms it has location, location, location. Here is a very clean and reasonable hotel from which to base your visit to lower Manhattan. New York small size room, queen bed not king. On the corner of Wall and Williams means you have quiet neighborhood at night. Helpful staff gets the job done.
bubble_40	For a meeting in the World Trade Center - FInancial District the CQ-WTC provides everything you need - the rooms are small and rather simple but very functional.   Center provides wifi, chilled water, coffee, and ready access to all of Manhattan.  odd layout on ground floow seperating CQ from WTC hotel although in reality it is all the smae place.    I upgraded for $20 to a slightly larger room -- it was worth it.   Check in and Check out essentially self-service and fast.   The only downsides are : 1)the noise of construction on the WTC sites, 2) the relative crush at the desk and 3) packed elevators.   I often went over to the hotel lobby to catch an elevator -- always less crowded and they went to the same place.    A great value for the price
bubble_50	Desk staff (Diane, in particular) were very helpful with directions, local transit information and suggestions for dining.  Hotel is clean and close to several major subway/train lines.  Some rooms have mini fridges and microwave ovens.  Unbeatable value for money in NYC.
bubble_40	The location is great. Not so touristy, which we liked. Short walk to the Twin Towers memorial and Battery Park, where you get tix for the ferry to Lady Liberty & Ellis Island. Check in is done via kiosk. Staff was courteous. Parking is 2 blocks away ($28/day). Rooms were small but typical for NYC. The "guest service closet" housed the iron, extra pillowcases and other necessaries. The self serve bottled water system was unique and efficient. My only gripes were with the sink, the water didn't drain properly, and the bed, it was hard. My husband said it wasn't but my back said it was! And I'm only 31. I like squishy beds...Club Quaters was no where near the "Heavenly" beds at the Sheraton! Late check was only $35!
bubble_50	This is a great hotel located in the financial district. I prefer this hotel over the Millennium, due to smaller size and friendlier staff (not just one of the hundreds of people staying in the hotel). Rooms are small, but are clean and nicely furnished. All the rooms I have stayed include full amenities; kitchen sink, microwave, in-room coffee maker, etc. Subway is conveniently located.
bubble_40	Was traveling back home to NYC for business and needed to be in the financial district for meetings.  Had never stayed at a Club Quarters property, but remembered that a perk of my employment was a CQ membership.  Wonderfully clean hotel, small room, nice, clean ensuite bathroom with shower and a wonderful staff.  I would definitely stay again.  Plus, it's about half a block from the subway :)
bubble_40	My husband and I came to NY for a weekend to attend my cousin's wedding. Neither of us had been to NY before.  The staff was extremely helpful in helpingto figure out hte subway since the wedding was a ways away. No matter what questions I had, they had answers and were polite.  Our room was a good value for the money, clean. The bathroom was a little small, but all in all it was a good experience.  They did suggest some sight seeing places, but due to a really limited travel  schedule, we couldn't take advantage of them.
bubble_40	While in NYC for an overnight stay, I decided to stay at the Club Quarters Wall Street.  This is my 3rd time staying here and each time, I've had a good experience. While the rooms are small, especially when travelling with others, they are functional. The hotel check-in kiosk is quick and easy if you'd prefer to do a self check-in. However, if you need to assitance, someone is available. The reading room/parlor is a great place to relax or hang out while waiting on others. The room is very comfortable and homey. Hotel staff were courteous and friendly. Request were handled in a timely manner, we never had to wait too long for anything. The hotel room was clean and so was the bathroom for the most part. However, I'd recommend a thorough cleaning of the bathrooms at some point as
bubble_40	Everytime we come to NYC we like to stay in a different area...this time Wall Street. Club Quarters is good value for money. Our room is spacious and generally it's pretty quiet. Bathroom is on the small side, however it's a good base to sightsee from. Staff are friendly and helpful.
bubble_40	This was our first time staying at a hotel so far downtown in Manhattan. The hotel actually over looks the 9/11 Memorial.  What makes this hotel so special is all the little touches they have for their guests and their staff is very accommodating.  We got in town really early about 6 am so of course to early to check in, but they did offer us an upgraded room we could check into early for $25. They also let us check a couple of rooms first to see what view & layout we liked best. They have chilled filtered water fountains on every floor with plastic bottles you can take with you,  24 hour coffee, cappuccino, tea maker in lobby, free wifi or computers in lobby, 24 hr fitness center with nice equipment, fridge & microwave in room. Also, they gave us 2 tickets to the memorial when
bubble_30	We stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel off Wall Street for 3 nights when my mum and I came to New York for a girlie weekend in May 2012. The hotel was fine - the room was clean and had everything you needed for a weekend break - en suite shower, wardrobe, desk, TV - really, when you're only in NYC for the weekend then you only need a room to lie your head!  Location wise it was ok - it's in down-town Manhattan so you do have to get on the subway for all your major sight seeing - but it is about a 2-3 minute walk from Fulton Street Subway which has services on many of the Subway lines. To us, it was worth paying a little less for a down-town location rather than paying premium prices of central Manhattan. It worked out at $600 for a double room for 3 nights. We booked room only -
bubble_40	As expected of NYC hotels, the room is relatively small but sufficient for our needs. A writing desk, flat screen TV, wardrobe, decent toilet / bath area and enough space for 4 suitcases. Tom was very helpful, assisting us with the check-in. Relatively cheap at US$264 for 2 pax stay. Right on Wall Street and near to my conference venue. Breakfast at the only restaurant was horrible though. US$15 for eggs that were overdone and salad was so limp and unfresh it seemed to be more than a week old. Super expensive. Tips are included whether you want to give them or not and we paid US$30 for 2 breakfasts and still had to face a glum-faced waitress. Overall, value for money for the location. What you can expect - good location within business district (1 min walk to Duane Reade
bubble_40	This hotel is at William and Wall St, right behind the Trump Building and a block away from NYSE! The price was excellent, and the service was really good. They have a reasonably priced late checkout option, and also store your luggage after checkout.   One of the rare hotels, where there is nice cold water dispenser, and bottles to take the water in. The rooms were clean, and well maintained, though a bit small, especially the bathrooms, but for their prices, in Downtown NYC, I won't complain!  Their staff is well behaved and helpful. They even have free printing.   Best value in NYC! Will stay here, and other Club Quarters again.
bubble_50	First time and it does not disappoint. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful with questions. The hotel is on a great location in downtown and steps away from subway station, that made it really easy to move around NYC. I will definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	We booked a room via booking.com as I had seen this hotel previously when looking for cheap accommodation in Manhattan. We arrived and were greeted by a very friendly member of staff who took us through the check in process. This literally took two minutes. We took the elevator to the the 9th floor and found out room. I was very impressed at the size of the room, decor and its fixtures and fittings. For just over $150 it was definitely worth the price we paid. The hotel provides free fast WiFi and I found no problems with the signal from our room. The view...wasn't great but I wasn't expecting it to be. The bathroom was well appointed and the shower was nice and hot. Check out was a simple procedure too, literally handing the key back and saying our goodbyes. Battery Park is a
bubble_40	Stayed here for a weekend in NYC and really happy with it. Not the most ideal tourist hotel as downtown NY can be quiet during the weekends as compared to midtown, but a short subway ride at almost half the price of some midtown hotels definitely makes this hotel worth considering even as a tourist.
bubble_40	Very good price for a good quality hotel.  Having stayed in some of the more mainstream hotels in the past on my way through the city, this was so much better (& cheaper).  It's downtown, so not an obvious location for a vacation, but the subway is right around the corner and a taxi stand just outside can take you where you need to go quickly.  Will definitely stay there again next time I'm in NYC
bubble_40	Quick overnight trip.  Not a great location for tourists, but great if Wall Street is your destination.  Quick kiosk check-in (my room wasn't ready at 5PM, but they quickly found me another room).  Bar and restaurant off the lobby, and a large club room with coffee, computers, tv's etc.  Parking was discounted to $28/night.  They charged $35 for a delayed checkout at 3PM.  Small comfortable rooms, free wifi,  closet in the hall with extra blankets, pillows, water bottles, coffee, etc.  Great hotel for the price and location.
bubble_50	This is my second visit to a Club Quarters. The rooms are small, but comfortable. The location is very convenient. The staff at front desk was great.... Shout out to James!! The only challenge was the internet service going down for about an hour. I had the best sleep on the beds. I have trouble sleeping and wake up with aches and pains from the mattress. Not here. They also have a cute water dispenser on each floor (see picture).  I would definitely return when I have meetings in Wall Street.
bubble_40	My sister and I stayed here for 2 nights.  The service and staff was amazing.  Very friendly and willing to help you in any way.  The only negative is that the sofa bed was broken and the mattress was not really a mattress but felt the springs when lying on the bed.  The staff said they are changing the mattresses in the near future.  Otherwise highly recommend.
bubble_50	Spent one night mid-week.  Wish i was booked longer.  Great location in the heart of the financial district.  Best part was the attentive and friendly service.  The staff at the front desk (Amy and Diane) really made my wife and I feel welcome and comfortable.  They also helped us find our destination, and direct us back out of town without a hitch.  Hooray for CQ!
bubble_40	I travelled to NYC from May 4th to May 7th and had booked this hotel through Hotwire.com. Upon arrival, we found out we had a room for one person booked even though we had reserved for 2 guests. Since the hotel was full that weekend we got stuck with a room with only a double bed but when we got past this inconvenience we were happy to have a desk in our room as well as a mini fridge and a microwave oven(we did not use the fridge and microwave but it was a nice touch). The water dispensers in the halls were also appreciated. As for the sleep experience, the bed was very comfortable and we never heard any outside noises This hotel is very minimalist but met our expectations considering the price we paid. We were steps from the subway's red line and close enough to the green line.
bubble_40	Stayed there for a weekend with some friends.  Good value and clean rooms.  Rooms are a bit small but thats usually the case in NYC.  The terrace has a great view and the location of the hotel is nice and quiet.  Would stay again.
bubble_40	Very reasonably priced hotel, based downtown Manhattan near Wall Street. I was upgraded to a suite which meant plenty of room for 1, bathroom was a little on the small size but I guess this is the norm for most NY hotels. Stayed a couple of nights and used room service for breakfast and a quick bite. There is a bar&grill adjoining the hotel and you can choose from their simple 'room-service' menu or alternatively there were other choices from local restaurants (Chinese/Indian/Pizza etc) so plenty of variation if you weren't going out to eat. I was on the 14th floor, nice and quiet room and although the decor was a little dated and the bathroom a little worn, everything worked and was more than adequate for my short business trip. Nice touch to have free water available from a
bubble_10	I put a reservation in for easter weekend and called to cancel.  ONE MONTH LATER Club Quarters banged my credit card.  Not once, but three times until the balance was depleted, at a dollar value that was vastly different than the price of the rooms to begin with.  These guys play fast and loose with the credit cards, and if I used my corporate card there I'd keep an eye out for trailing charges.  Of course I am disputing and filing a police report.
bubble_50	We just rode in the 5 Boro BIke Ride, and the Club Quarters Downtown (William St near Wall) was a perfect location and a wonderful property. We were able to store our two bikes in the room, which tells you they are very accommodating hotel, and also gives you an indication of the astonishing size of the room for NYC.   I believe the CQ Wall Street is quite different than the CQ at WTC, where the rooms are apparently very small.  This location has a 2/3 subway line at the corner, walking distance to anything DT, like South Street, Battery City and Battery Park, WTC, etc.  Maybe we had a newly refurbished room, compared to others who've posted. It was immaculate, modern, everything in perfect condition. I have no complaints whatsoever.  I paid a great price becuase I won this with
bubble_40	Unlike many of the reviews before this, I thought the place was rather clean.  Initially, I wasn't expecting too much from this hotel but was pleasantly surprised.  Amazingly convient: steps from many Express subway lines.  One could hear road traffic and subway in our fourth floor one-bedroom suite, but it wasn't too loud.  In-room WiFi was fast, and they had both a Mac and a PC for use downstairs along with free printing.  Service, however, was a bit slow.  If I had any complaints, it would be how the one-bedroom suite wasn't technically a "one bedroom suite," but rather, a one bedroom studio suite.  Overall though, not bad, and wouldn't mind coming back if the price is right.
bubble_20	I will never stay at this hotel every again, the Customer Service was awful, the room was very tiny. I asked for a double bed and got just that a double TWIN bed horrible.
bubble_10	The worst hotel experience I've ever had. If I could have cancelled and left after seeing the room, I would have. But wait. It got worse. Dirty windows and windowsills. Spider webs in the corners of the windows. "View" of a brick wall. Nasty, dirty shower stall. One washcloth for two people. Nasty, dirty comforter. No one to help with luggage and there are stairs leading up to the lobby. We struggled to bring our suitcases in and no one offered to help. No sugar or sweet and low with the coffee maker in the room. Tiny, tiny room. The reviewers who call the rooms "well appointed" must not have much experience with hotels. They are awful! Lastly, the front desk staff are rude, apathetic and have no customer service training. I wouldnt stay there again if someone paid me!
bubble_40	Hotel is very clean and staff are very friendly and helpful, rooms are on the small side but they have everything you need. Get a room over looking the memorial park, Nice bar on top floor. I would stay there again
bubble_50	We stayed here last August, we were supposed to be staying up town but a hurricane delayed our holiday and its sister hotel could not accommodate us for the extra days. We did not really want to stay down town but this was the best thing we ever did. Brilliant base for staying in New York and ideal for the metro, we left a week before they opened the world trade memorial and we felt privelleged to see the memorial from our room everyday. Hotel was lovely bigger, cleaner rooms than the Pennsylvania which we have previously stayed in. Breakfast on the roof terrace was fabulous. We are going back to New York in August this year and will be staying here again if we can.
bubble_40	Just spent 3 nights here on a business trip. Overall a good place to stay but is not quite a "full service" hotel, but it makes for excellent value.  Room: For a newer hotel it is on the smaller size, but for a business traveler it is set up well with a functional desk and another more comfortable chair which has a working surface on one side.  The bed is nothing special but was comfortable. The bathroom had a shower only, with good decent counter space.  There is no fridge or mini-bar, but a small supply of snacks in the room for a fee. Room was clean and well maintained. Interestingly there is no iron/board in the room, which is unusual, but I did not need one and am sure housekeeping could deliver one. WIFI is free for guests throughout the hotel, but I found it slow at
bubble_40	Traveling in a big city is all about getting good value for your money.  I use various sites on the Internet to find good value.  This hotel is a little bit out of the way from the hub bub of main Manhatten....BUT...the great part about NYC is that there is always a subway stop close by.  Close to this hotel, about a half block, is one subway stop that can take you up to the west side of Manhatten.  The other subway stop, 2 blocks away, will take you straight through Mid-Town.  The room is basically a box but when in NYC you don't want to spend your day in the hotel room so I say it's a good deal.  The hotel was clean, safe and VERY VERY QUIET.   The streets around Wall street are all blocked off to vehicle traffic so you don't hear all the night noises that you do in the rest
bubble_40	The staff were very helpful during our stay.  We arrived early on April 14; the guest services manager offered to get our room ready quickly.  She took our bags, we parked our car, grabbed some lunch and called her to find out the room was ready after about an hour.  We went back to the hotel, checked in and found our bags in the room.  The room was clean and spacious for NYC, with a King bed and foldout couch for the three of us.  Across the hall was a supply of water bottles and a guest closet with extra blankets, coffee and other items we might need to add to our room.  In the lobby there was also fresh water and coffee for most of the day, and several computers available for use.  We checked out early on the 15th to spend the day at NYU; the staff stored our bags until we
bubble_40	Booked this hotel at expedia.com for a pretty good price for 2 nights. This hotel was rather cheap which honestly scared me, I figured it must be run down to be in NYC and so affordable, but boy was I wrong. The outside of the building looks like an average tall building in Wall Street. The inside is very elegant and clean. The rooms are amazing!! I would definitely reccommend this hotel for a quick 1-3 night stay or if you're going to be in the city but outside your hotel most of the time. The beds are very comfortable, a lot of news channels on the tv, the rooms very clean, as were the hallways and elevators. I would definitely book this hotel again!
bubble_30	Got a good rate for this hotel on hotwire for $168 based on a 3.5 star rating but a 3 star rating seems more appropriate.  This hotel is well located near subway lines and various tourist attractions in the financial area [9-11 memorial, Battery Park, Wall Street, South Street Seaport, etc].  It's also a quiet location at night and on weekends when the hubbub of Wall Street quiets down nicely.  The room are compact and quite clean with good beds and linens/towels.  The air conditioning worked well and there was little noise from outside and within the hotel.  The staff at the front desk were inconsistent - some were very helpful while others were rather gruff and stand-offish.  The lobby waiting area was somewhat worn although there are two computers and a printer there which
bubble_40	We have stayed 10 days in the hotel. Our experience was very positive. The room was nice and clean, the reception people very efficient and helpfull, location excellent - near several underground stations and within walking distance to many attractions. Had a very pleasant time.
bubble_50	Our stay did not start auspiciously.  Our GPS put us somewhere under the Brooklyn Bridge on the wrong side when I put in the address. Then we drove right past the hotel on the first pass since it is not particularly well marked.  Once we figured that out, fining the parking garage was another challenge.  It is identified as World Financial Center parking.  The attendant asked for papers from the hotel, but we had not checked in before parking the car since there is very little space for parking near the entrance.  He was accommodating, however, and after seeing our reservation on my phone he called the desk and let us into the garage. The garage staff on entry was friendly and helpful, making sure we knew where to go next. Check in was quick and easy.  You need your room key to
bubble_50	Hotel is nice and is in a great location.  Staff is very helpful. Stayed with 2 kids and they were very accommodating.  Love the filtered water and guests closets.  Diane is great.
bubble_50	Booked this though Expedia for a Flight and 3 Night stay Easter Weekend and could not have been happier. Yes, the rooms are smallish, but who goes to NYC to spend time in the room? It was clean, quiet and comfortable, steps from the Wall Street metro station for easy transportation uptown or to JFK. Staff was super friendly. There is a TKTS booth about a 10 minute walk at South Street Seaport. If you like walking, WTC site, Staten Island Ferry and Brooklyn Bridge are all easily reachable on foot. We did not eat dinner in the area, but discovered Leo's Bagels at 3 Hanover Square and ate breakfast there every day. Would absolutely return to Club Quarters Wall Street.
bubble_50	The view of ground zero from the rooms is amazing, the hotel is right above ground zero. It is not very close to times square, it takes around 25 minutes in subway or 15 minutes by Taxi. it was very close to battery park, we walked to get to the ferry to Staten Island in order to see the statue of liberty. The rooms were very clean and very comfortable, larger than what you usually get in NYC. The staff was very friendly and helpful especiialy Shimrit shich was very nice and helpfull. We would definetly consider going back to this hotel next time that we are in NYC. The free WIFI worked great in our room.
bubble_40	...we are pleasantly surprised.  We normally stay uptown but had to stay downtown due to business.  My husband is working downtown but I just tagged along and planned to work in the room, so hearing how small they were was a little off-putting.  When we arrived, the gentleman at the desk said "Oh, let me get you a better room...this one is good but I think you will like another one better."  We did not even ask but the room we were given is perfect for me (being the tag-a-long)!  It has a large desk so I can work comfortably, the area is very nice so I have no problem walking out the door and meeting my husband for lunch and shopping around (Tiffany & Co is two minutes away - what more can you want) and the staff here are so very friendly and efficient.  I had read differently
bubble_40	Just back from NY and stayed at this hotel for 3 nights with my family.  Room was clean, staff were very friendly, and the location was perfect if you are spending time in Manhatten or Brooklyn.  Cab drivers did have a little difficulty finding the hotel on a couple of the nights, so just have your phone GPS (or a print out map) at hand if travelling by taxi.  Solid choice if you need a hotel downtown.
bubble_40	Club Quarters Wall Street is located in a great location in downtown New York. It is conveniently located right near the corner of William and Wall Streets. The Wall Street station is just a few steps from the doors and it is a short 5 minute walk to the 9/11 Memorial site. Only about a 10 minute walk to Battery Park and the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island Ferry. Plenty of great restaurants in the area.   The hotel itself is simple and nothing to fancy. We have stayed here twice (both times less than $145.00) per night over weekends. In New York that is unheard of. The rooms are a decent size and very clean. The showers are a little small but were sufficient for our needs. For NY hotels rooms, the size of the room was decent. There is a nice desk area and closet in the room as
bubble_40	This hotel was convenient and clean, but we ended up having a room with twin beds. Because we were running late for a wedding, we didn't ask to have the room switched (our fault). The staff was very helpful and pleasant when we checked in and checked out. The room was a little small, probably because we had a weirdly shaped room near the elevators. That was one down side-you could hear noisy people in the elevator, which freaked me out the first time I heard voices.   We had planned to park our car in New Jersey and take the metro into the city-but Club Quarters offers parking at a lot 2 blocks down for $28/ 24 hours-a real steal in Manhattan.  The hotel is close to the subways. It was a great bargain at $119 for a room in Manhattan. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Club Quarters Downtown is located on a quiet street (on weekends, anyhow) bnetween Wall and Pine Streets. It caters to a weekday business crowd and offers great prices for us weekend travelers.  The rooms are efficient, medium-sized, and sparkling clean. The hotel is in good repair, with recent carpeting and wallpaper and plenty of hot water in the nicely tiled bathrooms.  The gym is well-equipped and abuts a free laundry for hotel guests. The hotel provides filtered water and plastic bottles, as well as coffee and tea.  In addition to fine living accommodations, convenience is the key here.   The immediate neighborhood is littered with good restaurants, and South Street Seaport is a 10-minute, safe walk away.  The subway is about three blocks distant and trains run directly to
bubble_50	We traveled from our home in Honolulu as husband, wife, 18 year old son and my wife's father while looking at colleges for my son. For the price we paid for two rooms (one with a queen bed and the other with two twins beds), we were very pleasantly surprised with the quality of this hotel which is right smack in the middle of the financial district of lower Manhattan. Location is everything and this place delivers. One block off Wall Street, across the street from the Wall Street subway station (#2 & #3 lines), brand new Duane Reade store across street, cheap breakfast places on William Street, dry cleaner one block away, wine shops, restaurants and happy hour bars everywhere.  This hotel does a lot of things right: 1. Location. 2. Clean and comfortable guest rooms. 3. Free
bubble_40	This hotel was near everything we wanted to see, so we walked to most of the attractions. including Broadway plays,Central park and a good pizza place a block away.Clean and friendly would go back again for sure.
bubble_50	Came in to NYC for an interview and was put up at the Club Quarters. The location was right next to the subway and provided great access to the city. The rooms were a bit small, but comfortable. Front desk service was very polite. Overall I would recommend it.
bubble_50	Clean, charming rooms.  Very friendly, helpful staff. Lovely weekend in a great part of town. Palatial Duane Reade drugstore/grocery across the street!
bubble_50	Stayed this past weekend with a wedding group.  Everything was easy !  Check in was quick and Staff were attentive & helpful.  Room was Immaculate, bed comfortable, heating / hot water worked well.   Never had to wait for an elevator.  A terrific stay -- I would absolutely reccommend this hotel.
bubble_50	Upon entering the lobby we were greeted with smiling helpful faces, quickly checked in and helped to our room.  The room was clean and welcoming.  We had a wonderful comfortable stay and check out was a breeze.  They held our luggage for us so we could walk around and enjoy this fun part of town.
bubble_40	Right above the subway, across the street from a brand new Duane Reade.  My girlfriends and I stayed here for Halloween weekend and it was perfect for us.  There was a freak snow storm which caused us to stay in one of the days but it was fine because the Duane Reade was fully stocked and we had a little kitchenette in the suite which was perfect for hanging out watchin gmovies on the pull-out couch and vegging.  Free bottled water and a great value... highly recommend!
bubble_30	small, stylish rooms - incredibly odd layout - good location with excellent variety of restaurants nearby.  elevator painfully slow.  forget the workout room.  but clean and good value, no frills kind of place.  liked it though.
bubble_40	Stayed in this hotel on New Year's Eve. Price was one of the most reasonable for Manhattan. The hotel is located in the middle of downtown skyscrapers. Pleasant cafe on the ground floor. Two steps from the subway, walking distance to ferries, the monument 9 / 11.  The rooms are very small, but cozy and clean. The tiny bathroom is separated terrible glass door. Wi-fi in the room worked with varying success.  No in-room safe! Drinking water is available for free to dial from the machine on the floor, bottles attached.
bubble_40	Everyone knows the holidays is a hectic and stressful time especially when you travel for business!!! I have stayed at the Club Quarters in Midtown which I love but this time it was better for me to stay downtown.(location). The hotel can use a little remodeling but I am writing this review for one reason. I am pretty sure she was the front desk manager her name is Diane. She was so pleasant and nice! Helped me with an upgrade that was very cheap and anything I asked for or needed she helped me with rite away. I have never met anyone that seemed so energized and pleasant at the same time in all the years that I have been traveling!
bubble_40	We were pleasantly surprised when arriving at Club Quarter.  About a 30-40 minute drive from JFK.  Amazing location.  Safe area.  Clean hotel, remodeled, bottled water for all guests.
bubble_40	We got a room at the Club Quarters at the last minute because they were one of the cheaper options at the time.  Location is unbelievable ... right across from the 9/11 Memorial.  Room was small but cozy and was balanced out by the large rooms in the lobby for gathering and hanging out.  We also used their parking services and our car was safe, and easy to get the next morning.  Would recommend and return.
bubble_20	Let me start by saying we stayed here on new years eve and the day after. With that said I had to call both nights to get the front desk to to quiet down the neighbors. (they literally partied until 6:45 am and the next night some out of country guests thought it appropriate to let their two children run circles down all the room hallways at 4 am to 5 am). The walls were paper thin, you could hear every toilet flushing next to and above you, the comforter was a plasticlike material that slid off the bed any move you made and the heater/AC unit made such a horribly loud noise everytime it kicked on and off you couldnt even use it.  Will never stay here again- for the money NOT worth it and trust me look at my other reviews - I'm not a picky travelor!
bubble_10	Don't go try this hotel. Save yourself the trouble. The rooms are really old and grungy and they called that remodeled.  The staff except "April" sucks. It feels like someone put a gun on their head to be in there.  It takes 20 minutes to get your luggage if you leave it with the bell guy. Their storage is located on the second floor and that is their excuse.
bubble_30	I was looking for a hotel in Manhattan for a long time but decided for Club Quarters. Why ? Well mostly because I needed clean room with clean bathroom because of travelling with a baby.   The room was OK, clean, so was bathroom, however it was very tiny, we had difficulty fitting the crib inside. Although comfortable. Coffee maker in the room.  NY is a bit pricy and this hotel was around $230 and breakfast was not included. I did not find any other hotel cheaper with that kind of standard. However I would never stay in such hotel at this price anywhere else in the world.   WIFI is not working properly at penthouse floor, you need to come down to lobby to get it working perfectly.   Hotel has taxi service to airport for $60 (JFK). Nice cars and polite drivers.
bubble_10	I found nothing remarkable about this hotel.  Room & Bathroom were not as clean as I'd like to see.  The window had blinds, not curtains, allowing light to come in all night.  Also, the windows must be paper thin, because you could hear every vehicle, trash truck, EVERYTHING outside in the room.  I tried opening & reclosing the window, and it did not help.  TV in room was very small, wifi was very shaky.  In the middle of the stay, the fire alarm went off at 1:30 in the morning.  A voice came over the announcement system asking everyone to come down to the lobby.  All of a sudden, there we all were, 100+ people, crowded into the tiny lobby.  Twenty minutes went by with the hotel attendants saying nothing to us about a current status.  I heard NYFD grumble about this being their
bubble_30	However this was only because it was an Expedia secret hotel, we gambled and got it cheap. I don't think it is worth the full price personally, but it is probably aimed more at business travellers more than holidaymakers. It wasn't bad, but you can get as good hotels for less than their price. I would recommend using Expedia secret hotels, live a little guys!
bubble_50	This hotel far exceeded my expectations. The hotel was immaculate, cute, and comfortable. I would definitely stay there again.
bubble_30	My boyfriend & I stayed there overnight on Saturday. I picked the Financial District thinking we would have less issues with parking compared to Midtown or Times Square.   Location  Walking distance to WTC, Southside Seaport & several subway stations. We spent most of the weekend uptown so I dont know about the restaurants & bars in this area.  Parking  Had a very hard time finding free street parking during the day. Its cheaper to park at a garage than to pay the metered street parking. There are a lot of garages in this area with different prices. I downloaded an app that gave me the prices of garages & it worked well in this area because we found a garage that was cheaper than the hotel affiliate & around the corner from the hotel.  Hotel & staff  The staff is not overly
bubble_40	Stayed here for a week. Believe I had a standard room, which included an area with bar sink, microwave, small fridge and cupboards and dishes. Would stay here again.  Pros:  Room size Large tall windows with excellent room darkening draperies Comfy bed Plenty of work surfaces Phone with speaker function for business calls Reliable free wifi (one brief slow-down during entire week) Sufficient task lighting Plenty of storage space Big, clean bathroom with magnifying mirror, counter space, large shower (no tub), hair dryer, conditioning shampoo, lotion, mouth wash and soap Full-length mirror, iron and ironing board Free chilled water and recyclable bottles Fast elevators Friendly responsive staff, including room service (options are onsite restaurant and offsite restaurants that
bubble_40	The hotel is a reasonable value for NY.  The room is reasonable sized for the money by NYC standards (smallish and expensive for other places).  Located off Wall Street there is not much to do here at night.  Located near many subway lines so you can get to places pretty easily if you use the subway.  The room is nicely appointed and is comfortable. Nice amenities, free wifi, refrigerator, microwave, good power strips, filtered water and water bottles.  Comfortable bed.  Would stay here again.
bubble_30	We arrived in NYC a day before Irene storm struck the Big Apple. Checking in the the hotel is quick, you can even has self check in by the self check in computer. Receptionist service was as needed and blunt.  the room is small, and especially we booked for 3 persons, it even feel smaller. The extra bed is from unfolding sofa and really not comfortable. Anybody with back pain problem will suffer badly after sleep on that bed. As we can not go out due to irene Hurricane, it even feel sombre to find the hotel doesn't have much to offer. the gym is small, the lobby lounge is very limited. The good thing is each floor has guest service station, where you can fill the drinking water, complete with empty bottles, taking extra pillow or other necessities. The location also just a 2
bubble_40	For the price we paid on priceline, I would recommend this hotel. It was clean, spacious, had complimentary distilled water in the hallway, free wireless, a nice workout facility, coffee in the morning and the front desk staff helped us with our questions about getting around on the subway.  The room was large compared to other hotels I have stayed at in the city. It also had a refrigerator and microwave in the room, and a armoire for hanging/storing clothes. We were in a standard room, btw. The only drawback is the distance to the West Village/Soho/Uptown etc. The subway trains were under construction all weekend, so we had to get on trains much further from the hotel. However, it is in a nice, safe area that was bustling again on Monday. You are about a 10 minute walk to the
bubble_30	I've stayed at this hotel off and on the past several years on business. Great location to finanical district , seaport area and Brooklyn. Close to subways, taxi etc to get about all of NYC from this location. Its not midtown but its cheaper then other franchise hotels in this part of town. There is a decent restaurant with a bar scene if you don't want to venture out. Pleany  of food options within blocks . Staff can be accomdating. Rooms are on the small side and quite on the upper floors.
bubble_40	From Club Quarters Wall Street it's a short walk to Bowling Green, Battery Park and the World Trade Center Memorial.  There is a subway station on the same block as the hotel, but it was closed due to the protests going on down there during this time.  But there are several other stations that are within a few blocks, so it wasn't a big deal.    The room was clean and each floor has a guest service closet in the hallway, which allowed us to get the extra pillow we needed without having to call the front desk or housekeeping.  They also provide purified water filling stations, at no cost, which was a great perk.  I had breakfast in the restaurant one morning, which was adequate - $4.95 for a bagel and coffee.
bubble_40	Good location, clean room with reasonable price. There wasn't any refrigerator in our room, but there's chilled water for free in the corridor. The Bailey Pub & Brasserie is accessible via the lobby, they serve continental breakfast. There are just a few restaurants, and they aren't open in the night. There are subway stations of many lines (abou 10 lines) neraby, so you can reach e.g. the Time Square in 20 minutes, and it costs just $2.25. The Wall Street with the Federal Hall is just a couple of blocks from the hotel. You can walk to the South Street Seaport (Pier 17) too, it's about 10 minutes.
bubble_10	a small issue came up that left a terrible taste in my mouth. I discovered after check out that I was billed a $30 cancellation fee (whatever that means, considering i was actually there). The mistake has never been corrected. Making contact with this hotel after you have left is near impossible. no email adress on their site and they never answer the phone. Oh and the best part, they actually have an extension you can press for incorrect billings, but all you get to do is leave a message that no one will ever bother responding too.  I've also left the manager a couple of messages with all my important information (room number, name, sate of stay) i've never heard a word back.   not surprised this happened considering how unfriendly some of the staff were.   oh and bring your
bubble_40	This is a moderately priced (for NYC) hotel that is spacious (again, for NYC), modern, and very clean.  Our room featured high ceilings (14' or so), a full size bed, a desk, refrigerator and closet area.  The room appeared recently renovated and the bathroom was big enough that we didn't feel cramped.   There is free bottle-it-yourself water on each floor and a closet with extra soaps/shampoos/pillows/etc on each floor.  Just a couple of blocks to the World Trade Center and close to the subway.
bubble_30	Spent a single night solo. First time at a Club Quarters location.  Self check-in/out via a kiosk. Room was small, (to be expected at this price point) but clean and modern, with a very European feel. No bathtub and handheld shower head. Nice toiletries provided in the small bathtub. No iron/board in room, had to go to a shared closet (across from the ##09 rooms) where they had a half dozen or so next to the dispenser for chilled, filtered water machine. Had a handy fixture to facilitate filling your own water bottles.  Room had high ceilings, but the A/C unit was pretty loud, particularly on start-up. Nice amount of AC outlets to plug in laptop, cell phones etc. Would have been nice to have one bedside as I use mine as an alarm clock. Ended up unplugging one of the bedside
bubble_40	You can get a fantastic price at this hotel (I used Priceline) on the weekend because it is located just off Wall Street and is primarily a business hotel.  Rooms are small but clean and modern with free wi-fi and a small refrigerator. No bathtub, just a shower in the small bathroom, and no minibar, valet, or bellman.  But... there is a cold, purified, bottled water station on each floor, and coffee and computers in the club room. Overall, a nice experience at a great price.
bubble_30	Small but clean room.  Everything feels professional.  Nice enough staff.  We were in a rush to get in so we took the $35 charge to Check-in early.  One very nice thing is every floor has a water station to get your own bottles and fill it with cold clean water.  Very close to Wall street and Zuccotti Park.  If you want to be in New York, but stay on a quiet street, this one is good.  Also, the cheapest one we found searching online.
bubble_30	The neighborhood at night is completely dead and empty, and then in the morning, you walk outside and there's action everywhere. If you're looking for a hotel in an area where there's lots going on around you at night, this is not the place for you. If you have business specifically in the Wall Street area, however, it's very good for location. Overall, good experience. Nothing really that sets it apart in an exciting way-- but that's just preference in style. The only drawback is that I asked for a late check out, they granted it, and then there was a miscommunication about it, and they attempted to charge A LOT for those two hours. We worked it out, but not without a lot of back and forth on the subject, which sort of sours the experience.
bubble_40	Stayed here for two weeks for a business trip to New York  positives  - even if you aren't in New York on business, its location downtown (very close to very many subway lines) makes it a good place to be based out of - is no frills - which is a good thing (quick checkin/checkout) - free wifi - comparatively cheap (compared with, for example, the Andaz Wall Street, which is much fancier) - rooms are very quiet  negatives  - the deluxe room (with 'kitchenette') has a sink, small fridge, and some plates and silverware. Can't really compare to apartment style hotels like the AKA chain. They really could at the very least provide a toaster (and a bottle opener! seriously, how I am going to open my beers??)  other notes - never ate the breakfast there (or any food there) can't
bubble_40	Not the kind of hotel you want to hang out in or spend a lot of time in, but if you need to be downtown it's perfect.  I got really low rate on it through Priceline.  The weekend night I had it was super cheap as in $80!  It's designed for business so has a nice lounge geared toward conducting business.  Room is small but in perfectly good condition.  There is a restaurant/bar attached to it as well.
bubble_50	Booked this hotel through Hotwire, and was horrified by bad reviews on this site. However, when I got there, I got a pleasant surprise. The person on the front desk could not have been more helpful, recommended an awesome place for a late night snack. The room was tiny, that much is true, but it was clean, the beds were comfortable, and I found no signs of bedbugs (trust me, I looked!). We were there on the weekend, and it was really quiet.  I liked the idea of filtered water that was offered to all the guests.  I am not sure what kind of view people are expecting, but our window faced the wall of another building, which was fine with me, since I stay in hotels to rest from sightseeing, not to gaze out of the windows. The location is really good as well - steps to subway,
bubble_30	Stayed there for 2 nights over the Sept 11th weekend; hotel was paid for so don't know the rate. It's an OK hotel with a great location, next to Ground Zero and Wallstreet. Just don't expect too much - rooms do have a club-like interior, the bathroom was below average and past its prime and the TV had "issues". Weird air conditioning with really hot and humid corridors but worked well in the room. Fitness room is OK. Free Wi-Fi which is a plus.
bubble_40	I booked this hotel as it seemed to be the cheapest and had good reviews, so knowing how tricky finding a good hotel in NY can be, I went for it. I was very pleased with this property: it is 1 minute walk from the Wall Street underground stop, and a short walk to Battery Park. We walked also to Ground Zero and South Street Seaport. The rooms weren't big, but very modern and clean with comfortable beds. You will find a bottle of water in your room when you arrive, and each floor has a water machine for free refill throughout your stay. The hotel has also an internet/printing corner and a restaurant. You have a good selection of underground lines nearby, but if you'd rather take a taxi it's just $15 to the Central Park area! All in all, I was happy with my choice: rather than
bubble_30	This hotel was in a nice downtown location, but the facility was nothing special.  The room was clean, but the bathroom was a bit run down.  Not awful or anything, just not pristine. Housekeeping never came the first day, even after we called at 4 pm.  Someone did bring towels, but they weren't friendly about the request on the phone.  The bed was a little hard. The hotel bar had a good beer selection  and friendly bartenders.  Cold filtered water and free plastic water bottles was a plus.
bubble_40	Club Quarters is located in Wall Street,close to subway,Battery Park,Smithsonian Museum amd many attractions.V stayed on the 15th floor.I liked the check in-checkout procedure.It was quick and easy.The room was good,tiny but location is important for us.Staff were nice.I recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here on a 4 day Labout Day long weekend getaway.  Location is a little remote (we usually stay mid-town), but there are three different subway stops within a 1 minute walk and 3 more within a five minute walk - that will get you pretty much anywhere you need to go.  Very quiet area at night - tourist and siren free, which is nice.  Restaurant is surprisingly good. Clean, comfortable, fairly well appointed rooms.  Fridge is a nice bonus.  Rooms are LARGE by NYC standards.  Front desk staff were incredibly responsive to requests, including early check-in.   Showers could use an update and there are no safes in the room (!) and using the hotel safe was a complicated enough procedure that we skipped it and took our chances. All in all, a great find and will
bubble_40	This hotel is good. I only stayed for a night. However, I think it worth the price I pay. The hotel room wasn't very big but nice size for two people. The bathroom was clean. I stored my luggage before check in and after check out for free. The hotel is close to Duane Reade, subway and a walking distance to Starbuck. I really love that it is next to stock market exchange where is a 24 hours security, so I felt really safe when I walk back to hotel at night.
bubble_20	The only three things this hotel has going for it are cost, location and free wifi. However, i hate staying here. Check in and check out are by machine - but the machine doesnt like non US credit cards which is a hassle. Rooms are very basic. The bathroom looks like something from a prison. Hot water takes about 15 minutes to heat up for a shower. The last time i stayed there the towels in the bathroom were dirty. The air con makes you feel like you are on a runway at JFK. There is no safe in the rooms so you cant leave your valuables behind. There are better hotels nearby for a few dollars more.
bubble_20	Every April I visit New York City for a weekend business trip with my old college buddies and stay at a different place each time for variety. I had booked this location through Priceline and had high hopes based on the stars, price, and website of this location. Wow, was I in for a letdown!  (A) This area becomes a ghost town after happy hour on Friday for the whole weekend and does not feel safe on the streets at all.  (B) The picture on their website are bogus because it doesn't show the black mold up on the wall vents, the green/brown mold between the shower tiles, the long female hairs between bed spread and sheet, or the non functioning television.  (C) There is NO check-in assistance! You are forced to use a computer attached to the wall to do your check-in and check-out.
bubble_50	We stayed there for one night.  We just love it.  The room has a very good design functionally and artistically.  Every square inch in the unit is efficiently utilized.  Our unit has a queen bed, a desk with a chair and a lamp smartly mounted on the wall,  a single sofa with an arm table, a flat screen TV is mounted on and can be pulled out and turned to desired angle.  Free Wi-Fi and free printing.  It is very convenient when you need to print a boarding pass or driving direction.  The restaurant is convenient and reasonably priced.  We did not use it.  We found out the price after we ate somewhere else.  The top terrace offers a wide range and beautiful view.  You can store luggage after you check out with small charge or no charge (do not remember, so you know it is not
bubble_30	I stayed at this hotel ( August, 2011), I was in town for 2 nights on business and the hotel was within walking distance of where I was working. When I checked-in  I aksed if the bedding was feather and was told it was not. Well, later that night, I was in for a nasty surprise. It was all feather- I had a horrible allergic reaction. I called the manager and he was somewhat indifferent. He told me That I should have written down my "special needs" when I made my reservation. That did not help me much at 10:30pm, in the middle of an allerrgic reation. Thank God that I always carry Bendryl. They were eventuly able to find me one thin non-feather blanket and pillow- I froze all night. I had to put up a real fuss to have my sheets changed that night as well. Anyone with allergies to
bubble_10	Needed to cancel my trip because of Hurricane Irene. My event was cancelled because of the hurricane and they would not budge on their 24 hour cancellation policy. There was absolutely no understanding. I am very upset I wouldn't have even minded a fee but they charged me for half of the total cost of my stay. I think they are very unreasonable and I'm extremely, extremely mad.
bubble_40	We (wife, mother-in-law, 4 month old, and I) went to NYC at the end of July to see Battery Park, Liberty Island, etc.  We'd been to NY many times before but never stayed downtown.  Wall Street area very reminiscent of Boston, and Club Quarters very easy.  Free filtered water in the hall of each floor is great, especially in the summer.  Rooms are small, but clean and well-appointed.  Only down side is it's a little difficult to get in the front door with a stroller or someone who has trouble with stairs.  There is a wheelchair elevator but it's troublesome if you want to be able to get in and out quickly.
bubble_50	We stayed in this hotel about two weeks ago over the weekend.  The location was great.  We were close to numerous subways which we used frequently.  This hotel is also a short walk to the South Street Seaport, which offers numerous bars/night life as well as restaurants.   The hotel is very secure with nice rooms and friendly, helpful staff.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a hotel in lower Manhattan.
bubble_50	The location was excellent for lower Manhattan. The rooms were tiny but very well decorated and comfortable. The bathroom was spotless and smelled squeaky-clean with thick, extremely white towels. The hotel has purified water dispensers and water bottles available so you can bring some ice cold water with you in the downtown heat. The exercise room was very tiny but had the appropriate equipment and the staff was helpful and pleasant. What a nice place to stay!
bubble_40	We booked this hotel through Hotwire with a reasonable deal on very short notice.  Stayed one night, room on the 9th floor with a nice view of William Street.  We found the location of this hotel to be quite good since we were looking to stay out of the hustle and bustle of Midtown, and it was (relatively) easy to access by car via the Holland Tunnel.  Parking was $28 per 24 hours in a safe, underground garage two short blocks from the hotel.  Distance to transit was good with a very short walk to red, green, and brown line trains.  One issue with the transit is that a lot of the downtown trains seem to be express and skip over the financial district stops on the weekend.  So plan your train carefully.  The location is perfect if you're visiting the financial district.  Staff
bubble_40	I visited NYC to attend a educator's class at the NYSE.  This hotel was recommended and had a reasonable rate of $179 a night (Room 1213)  The location was perfect.  I think they call this Club Quarters Wall Street.  It was just out of the Wall Street subway stop and 1 block from NYSE.  The Museum of American Finance is right next door as well.  The hotel is in close walking distance to the World Trade Center, Battery Park, and South Street Seaport.  The front desk was helpful and welcoming, although I could have opted for self check-in.  The elevators operate on your room key for security purposes.  My room was smaller but nice size for 1 person.  The bed was comfortable and the shower was hot.  There was a ice cold, purified water dispenser with water bottles in the hallway.
bubble_50	I was accommodated at this hotel for 4 days while on a business trip and the hotel proved a great choice in terms of services and access to the financial center institutions. What I liked about the hotel: clean room, quiet, nice view (from the 22nd floor), central location, helpful personell.
bubble_50	We usually stay Uptown when in NYC, but thought we'd have a change and stay Downtown to explore more of the Financial District, Chinatown/Little Italy, Brooklyn and visit Coney Island. This hotel is located in the heart of the Finacial District, one block from Wall Street and the NYSE and very near to South Pier/Fulton Street, Battery Park and the World Trade. It is close to a number of subways and only a block or two from a number of bars, shops, starbucks etc. The area is bustling with workers during the week and then eerily quiet on the weekends, but this isn't a problem. The hotel itself is clean and very tastefully decorated, with a nice bar/pub attached to it. Staff were helpful and great at helping out with enquiries, booking cabs etc. Our room (118) was a fair size with
bubble_40	My husband and I came to NY for business.  NY Hotels have a reputation of being cramped, sort of dumpy sometimes and expensive.  The staff at this hotel was great. The steward on our floor was friendly and very helpful. Yes, the room was a little small, but what do you expect downtown New York.  We were comfortable and had a good sleep. The room was updated. Flat screen TV, nice bathroom. The water never not as hot as I wanted to. But a colder shower can be good for the soul!  Great location!  Good Price.  I will come back again.  I give this place a thumbs up!
bubble_50	As a young couple exploring NYC for the first time, this hotel totally suited our needs. We didn't want to pay upwards of $200 on a hotel that we would be spending hardly any time at, but we didn't exactly want a completely run down place either. We booked this hotel through Hotwire & were really impressed. Club Quarters was clean, convenient, in a safe and fun-to-explore neighbourhood (the financial district/Wall St). There are plenty of cute restaurants/cafes nearby and some great shopping is walking distance (i.e. Century 21, Daffys, J&R).  The Wall St subway stop is practically steps from the Wall St subway stop (and FYI is totally safe to stumble back to at 4am post-bar hopping in our experience!).  A quick run-down of the basics -- this hotel has incredibly soft, fluffy
bubble_40	Nice clean hotel.  Average sized rooms.  Air conditioner was a little noisy, but no big deal.  A great value for NYC.
bubble_20	In Manhatten I expect a small room, buth this was ridiculous!  The comforter was solied, the sheets were scratchy and the A/C was so loud I hardly slept.  There are other, better choices when looking for an economical place to stay in Manhatten.
bubble_30	For how much I spent on my suite - the hotel was a good value. The rooms were very clean and despite what I'd heard on some of the reviews, our room was very quite (we were in a corner, so maybe that made a difference). We arrived to the hotel a few hours early, and they let us check in without a problem, which was very nice. The free filtered bottle water and the refrigerator and microwave in our room were very much appreciated. However, I'd booked my room for four people and they only gave us three towels. When we called down for more, we received a little bit of attitude about it! We stayed over a weekend, and I'm not sure if it was temporary construction or a normal weekend thing, but a lot of the subways weren't running and we had a bit of a hard time getting around. The
bubble_40	We stayed 16 nights at Club Quarters Downtown. When I first booked I was a little apprehensive about being in a location that I thought was so far from the action but how wrong I was. The William/ Wall Street location is great. There are excellent restaurants and coffee shops nearby and the Subway access is easy. The hotel is clean, quiet and well situated. The hotel is right next to the 2 and 3 Subway line. Being in the financial district there is security staff around 24 hours a day and we always felt safe. The hotel reception staff are highly professional and they went out of their way to assist us. I would certainly stay at this hotel again. I think that it was better than staying midtown or in the lower west or east sides because the downtown location is much less touristy.
bubble_30	Staying here for a business trip. Hotel is conveniently located near the office I am visiting. Very close to Wall Street, Battery Park, Staten Island Ferry and World Trade Center.Plenty of restaurants and Pubs around but most are expensive, even for happy hour( of course being from Maryland I am use to $2 drafts all day not $6 happy hour). My room was also clean an fresh when I got back each evening. My biggest complaint would have to be no hot water in the evening/night.
bubble_50	Friendly and very helpful staff, the room and hotel in general extremely clean.  You need your room key to activate the elevator so security is also a plus.
bubble_40	From any hotel, you can get to LGA or JFK via Taxi Cab for about $35 one way and it takes about 20 minutes without heavy traffic.  Unfortunately, we booked a "shuttle van" for $36 one way (2 ppl), but it took about 2 hours from LGA to the hotel due to van dropping off other guests and this hotel was the furthest away, we were the last to be dropped off.  We caught the taxi back to the airport, much better deal timewise.  Check-in was a real breeze, they have 2 kiosks in which you use either confirmation number or credit card.  Once you input the confirmation # or CC in, it prints out a confirmation page & 2 room keys.  Any questions, ask the clerk at the desk next to it, as they seem to be pretty helpful.  We arrived a bit earlier than check-in time, but our room was ready.
bubble_40	Stayed at the Club Quarters while attending a week of meetings at the NYSE.  Conveniently located at William and Wall Streets, the hotel is a great location if your goal is to be in the heart of the financial district or to be centrally located in Lower Manhattan.  No more than a 15 minute walk to the following:  NYSE, Ground Zero, Staten Island Ferry, Battery Park, Century 21 (discount shopping that my wife LOVED), Southside Seaport, and Bowing Green Park.  There is a subway station located right on the corner and you can be in Times Square in about 20 minutes on a local train (a few minutes less on an express).  The hotel itself has a nice lobby and common area with tvs and computers available for use.  Computers have printers and a dedicated time (7-9pm) for guests to log on
bubble_20	I was disappointed in the room. The room did not feel clean and the bathroom shower was dirty and very small. The bed was fine and there was a spacious desk which is a plus if you need to get work done. Having said that, it was the least expensive hotel in the area. We booked on hotwire which was not a great value since we paid $6 less than the current hotel rate.
bubble_40	I had an unforseen overnight in the financial district, and Club Quarters had the best price. Check in was efficient, purified bottle water dispenser was appreciated, and rooms had been designed by someone willing to work with NYC size constraints. Service was great in that I didn't need any to stay there.  Instead of the standard hallway-and-bathroom taking up half the space, a narrower bathroom was located near the bed with a sliding door, undersized sink, and roomy stall shower. This was perfectly functional for a solo business traveler and left the work area much larger in a standard NYC-sized footprint.   Room was clean, bed was firm and comfortable. I also appreciated the almanac instead of the standard Christian Religious Material provided by most hotels.
bubble_30	The best things going for this hotel are: - Location (very handy for Wall Street) - Free bottled water  The rooms are small, but a good use of space. My room had a small TV, desk, a window unit a/c (which was good for white noise) and a clean bathroom with shower-only.  I would actually stay here again, but I would request the following: - The front desk staff will push you to check in/check out at a selfservice kiosk For the amount you are paying for the room, you should be checked in/checked out by an actual person. This is important because during my stay, the kiosk would assign people to smoking rooms ... I had to spend my first night in a rather smelly room (I checked in late .. by the time I realised the smell was the room and not the entire hotel, I had to wait until the
bubble_50	I've stayed all over New York City and this was my favorite hotel and location.  I loved being away from the chaos of Times Square, but that I had the option to jump on the subway (located right across the street) and be in Times Square in minutes.    The staff was very friendly in every interaction I had with them.  The rooms were good size and kept very clean.    I try and stay at a different hotel each time I go to NYC, but I think I found a hotel I want to frequent in Club Quarters.
bubble_30	The hotel is at a good location if you have meetings in the financial district, closing to all the major financial institutinos and the Federal Reserve. The restaurant attached to the hotel and the cafe (called the Financier - a french bakery) are both great.   The downside of the hotel is dated. During my latest stay, it was obvious my unit was just "renovated" with a new paint job. The paint smell was really bad. Also the heater was right above my bed and I had to turn it on/off throughout the night so that I wasn't going to freeze yet to have some sleep.    The staff was very helpful in arranging private taxi to the airport. By the way, one need to check in/out via kiosk (aka self serve). I found it rather neat to use, but could see someone might be turned off by this.
bubble_40	I was here for the weekend on a spur-of-the-moment trip traveling alone. The room was small but clean and had a refrigerator. The area was surprisingly busy later in the evening and Subway was just out the door. Free internet in the lobby computers required waiting during regular hours. Free filtered, bottled water on every floor and pub/restaurant adjoining the hotel. I tried to eat there late the first night but the kitchen was closed. As I am typically a bargain-seeking hotel guest I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again, but I wouldn't be disappointed if this hotel came up in the mix the next trip to NYC.
bubble_30	I was very pleased with the deal I got at this hotel.  For a place in Manhattan it was very inexpensive.  The atmosphere was fine and the location pretty good--far from midtown but only a block from the subway that can take you anywhere. The drawback had mostly to do with the noise level and the inexperience of the staff to deal with it.  This is a business hotel that clears out over the weekend and becomes party central to dozens of twenty-something hard-core partiers (i.e. drinkers) who return to their rooms in the wee hours (usually inebriated and LOUD).  Laughing, talking in the hallways...and the rooms (yes, I could hear them in their rooms).  Called 2 times to the front desk, switched rooms but it was the same situation in the new room on a new floor.  Mediocre response
bubble_40	We (wife and I) stayed at this Club Quarters on a weekend in early June because of the price. The hotel website and the various travel sites offered a  great rate for NYC. Of course rates don't include taxes, etc. which boosted our cost by over $40, but everyone experiences that. The hotel itself was fine.  The front desk was somewhat disorganized, especially during checkout on Sunday when one poor soul tried to do everything for everyone...slowly. Later in the day the desk was overstaffed. Huh?  Complaints are few and minor. Service was a bit slow, especially if front desk forgot to tell house keeping to deliver (in our case) extra pillows. No rate card in the room meant it was unclear when checkout was (or that there were no late checkouts; while waiting to store bags we
bubble_30	Club Quarters Downtown features the same expedited service of automated check-in as well as no-nonsense, to-the-point service from the front desk in a somewhat dated building that has seemingly been retrofitted to the typical layout of a NYC Club Quarters. For reference, this location is right in the heart of the financial district and steps away from Wall Street and the Federal Reserve. If you aren't looking for luxury accomodations and are doing business in the area, in early-June for US $220, you can, like me, get a room on the penthouse floor.  Check-in and check-out are efficient. You can choose to do either at the automated kiosks. Directly opposite to the main reception area are the elevators. If you have a penthouse room, then you'll have to take the left-most elevator
bubble_40	I stayed at Club Quarters during a business trip to NY. Location wise was fantastic as it was only round the corner from the office.  The hotel is a very basic one with no frills or anything else and design to serve the business user. The rooms are what you expect in NY i.e. small but the bed was good which is the important thing for me. Also everything looked clean which again is a very important factor.  If you want a hotel downtown during a business trip and CQ is not a bad option at all as long as you do not want any other services.
bubble_10	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The room is TINY and ours smelled like someone had drenched the place in Pinesol and then never opened the door again. Walls are extremely thin and we could hear everything our neighbors were doing and everything outside as well. The batteries in the TV remote were dead so we called down to ask for more and no one ever showed up. The bathroom is also tiny. It all basically feels like a gross college dorm room. Pay the little bit extra and stay somewhere nicer.
bubble_40	We booked the hotel as a mystery hotel... a bit of a gamble that paid off!  We had a great stay.  The staff were really friendly and helpful, the service was great.  The room was a reasonable size, the hotel was clean and pleasant to be in.  It was my first trip to New York, and I was a little worried we would be out of the way and it would be hard to get places... but there is a subway station literally on the corner, and several others within close walking distance.  The area itself is quiet at night - doesn't bother me either way, but I know some people have trouble sleeping with noise, so it's a bonus for them - but there are plenty of restaurants around if you're wanting to eat close to home.  There is also a restaurant/bar attached to the hotel - pretty simple stuff, but
bubble_40	Arrived in the middle of the night due to a delayed plane but was assisted quick and efficient by the night staff unfortunately got a smoking room even though I had specifically requested a non-smoking room when booking. As it was already 2 am I went to bed and it was immediately corrected the next day when I asked to be switched to a non-smoking. The couple in the next room decided to have very loud activities at 4 am which I could follow very clearly, due to very thin walls. Also the next day, in the new room, I could follow conversations of the people next door and the staff in the hallway. But after that I started wearing earpluggs and everything was fine. The room was quite big for New York standards and had a fridge and a coffee maker. I had no breakfast included but there
bubble_40	In the heart of NYC's financial district, Club Quarters is conveniently located near a subway stop, with cafes, restaurants, drug store and post office all in close proximity.  Club Quarters is an efficient hotel concept, with automated check-in, multiple-restaurant delivery service, free internet and bottled water, as well as an attractive lounge room with fireplace, big screen tv and computer workstations with free printing. The club room here is smaller than at some other locations, with crowds gathering at certain times of day waiting for computer access.  Club Quarters encourages Eco-conscious behavior from its guests. While room decor is functional rather than elegant and sound travels through the hallways, Club Quarters provides a clean, safe, comfortable haven.
bubble_20	Bad experience! My party booked a reservation multiple months in advance and upon arrival (after standard check-in time) we were told they could not honor our reservation with no excuse or reason. They pretended to look for other reservations in the city but it was obvious only three minutes was dedicated to this activity. Instead, they downgraded our rooms such that we could no longer accommodate the number of people in the original booking. This fiasco took hours to sort out and the only way we were compensated was by a couple of free drinks at the hotel bar. They wouldn't even discount/refund part of our cost due to the lesser accommodation. Besides my group, there was easily 4 other groups in the lobby simultaneously getting the same run-around. Use extreme caution booking
bubble_10	The view from the window was horrible leaking pipes with oil spilled all over. Room is liitle bigger than a bathroom in Marriott hotels. No On-demand movies services. Front desk response was "Sir, I am the only one working here I can't help you. OK" This is by far the worst experience I ever had in the United States. Lot of motels are far better than this. This hotel does not deserve a 3 1/2 stars at all. No swimming pool.
bubble_20	The hotel could not honor our reservation because the overbooked.  We worked out an agreement with the Front desk staff which was later revoked.  As a result a member of our party slept on the floor.  I understand overbooking, it happens, but reneging on a compromise agreement and lying about what was offered is inexcusable and horrible customer service.  Leaving a second star because the rooms were clean and the location is good for Financial District.  For the hotel's reference we were very disappointed in how JT handled our overbooking situation.
bubble_30	Got this on Priceline for $80 a night, so really can't complain too much but wouldn't stay again.    PROS:  Close to subway, good sized room for NYC, able to check in early (without charge others have mentioned). No noticeable noise from other rooms.    CONS:  At check in, clerk said reservation was only for one an an additional person charge would apply.  Had to talk to another clerk later to resolve this since Priceline reservations are automatically for two people.  Room was serviced by maid, but shower wasn't cleaned.  Chilled water was available in hallways, but there were not bottles on our floor the first day.  No extra pillows or towels in hall closet either day so just one small pillow each on bed and one washcloth and hand towel between the two of us.
bubble_50	Due our Trip in New York, we (my Family, 4 members) had very good stay in this Hotel (10 Days).  Restaurant Food is good, too. Near to the Metrostation (wallsteet),  I can only recomend this Hotel the character is Business, but comared to other Hotels in New York, the Appartment was clean and not so expensive.
bubble_40	Good location, microwave and fridge in the room and the service of baggage check-in after hotel checkout is awesome! We checked out on Sunday and checked-in our baggage, went around the city and came back and picked up the baggage before we left. That service was the BEST!  Free internet was certain plus. Tiny room and bed right in front of restroom was cons but thats New York, right!  We got good deal through priceline and was totally worth it.
bubble_30	Good location and clean. Staff typical for NYC (rude and in love with themselves). Good deal, but no way is this a 3 1/2 star hotel... time for Priceline to reconsider.
bubble_30	I pricelined and got the Club Quarters for a great deal for the star rating.  I did know it was a business hotel, but didn't realize each room accomidates only one person.  Although my friend and I were find to stay in the same bed, if I were with anyones else it would quite the akward situation.  The rooms were tiny and our bathroom flooded.  We asked numerious time for them to fix the drain and finally they did, but we had to put up a fight.  We kept asking for more towels, about the 2nd day we finally got them.  One queen bed is not ok for 2 people traveling for pleasure.  I loved the water bottle service, went there were bottles available.  Not my favorite travel experience. . .
bubble_40	I got the Club Quarters via Priceline and was SUPER happy with it.  (WHenever I use Priceline, I write reviews. They gave me a good deal and I can give them advertising.)  Would I want to stay at this hotel again? Sure. The room was very clean and orderly. It was small, but most NYC hotels are small. No big deal. The desk people were nice. The Wall Street subway stop is nearby. One minus--the area is kind of empty at night, but there are TONS of police around becuase it's Wall Street, so it's not particularly unsafe, just not hopping with activity.  Someone on here mentioned street noise:  There was some street noise, but I"ve been to NYC  a bunch of times and  have yet to not hear street noise. It's the city. All in all, a very nice hotel. I was happy I got it.
bubble_50	Located in the Financial district near Wall Street and Soho. Close to the downtown shops and touristic areas. You can always walk or hop into to the subway thats right next door to get around further. Staff was very courteous and professional. Check in and check out was done in the snap of a finger thanks to their innovative self-service system...beats standing in long lines at the lobby after a long drive or flight. Best part is that if you want to order some food, the hotel has a 24h multi-menu delivery with a variety of choices from affordable restaurants nearby (italian, indian, asian, deli)and prices are a lot lower than if you were ordering room service from any other hotel. If you have a car, the hotel will give you a discounted price for the garage nearby, again lower
bubble_30	The bed was so uncomfortable, I am sure I could have gotten a better nights sleep outside on the sidewalk.  There was a bachelor party going on and the noise in the hallway was unbelievable.  I know there must have been complaints other than ours.  My husband and I got about two hours of sleep that night.
bubble_50	After searching for a while I found this place through Hotwire and I was not disappointed. Very good hotel for this price. Liked: friendly staff, several computers with free internet access and printers, cold water dispenser in the hallway, close to the subway, decent size room for NYC.
bubble_10	Was attending IBS NY @ the Javitz center. I got to the hotel at 1 am Sunday March 6th-7th. I knew what i was in for after reading other reviews on tripadvisor. First thing i noticed was the head ( i assume bedbugs) in the lighting sconces in the lobby and in the 7th floor hallway... and upon inspection of the room I noticed everything to be absulutely filthy. I took pictures of everything that was gross. example. hair on mattress pad. 2 twin beds with a hard  zipper going down the middle to make it one bed. Seman stains everywhere with cotton stuck to the dried seman stains. Stains on the walls. Electrical smell coming from heater.  Desk in front of a filthy window that wouldnt open and had a deadbolt lock on it with books with seman stains throughout the pages. Wooden border
bubble_50	Hotels in NYC are of either 1 of 2 things: super expensive or super trashy so I was apprehensive in booking a hotel for the weekend. I won this deal on Priceline for $85 for a Sat-Sun stay and I believe normal average rates for this room goes for $119 which is a very good deal to begin with.  What I love about this hotel:  -Literally 1 block from the Wall St-William St subway stop. Only accessible to the 2 & 3 train (red line) and a Duane Reade pharmacy is literally right next to it. 6 blocks from Century 21 and World Trade Center -Entering the lobby, I expected it to be a dimly lit area that is small and boutique-like. However, it was well-lit, clean and open.  -Beyond the lobby there is a lounge with several chairs, couches, and a table to play chess. There is a TV and a
bubble_50	Had a chance to be iin this expensive restaurant through an official visit to new york and i was put in here for 3 months. It all started well i was surprised to see a bottle of wine as a welcome invite to the room and the room looked really nice i stayed on the 9 th floor and the view outside was electrifying . Always this place is buzzing as the new york stock exchage is very near and the place is well connected but frightfully expensive one to be in. It was actually a pleasant stay and could not have asked for more . I had a free buiscults and coffe/tea in the orning which you can always have.The hospitality and the service which was provided was really overwhelming and i felt really at home but for the family. The american food which was served did not go with me very well
bubble_50	This was our first time staying overnight in New York City and I'm so glad I picked Club Quarters. The room was immaculately clean and we loved the whole look & vibe, it was super modern. The pillows were the most comfortable I've ever felt and there is a touch screen monitor next to the bed to control your room temp + a flat screen tv. From the moment we walked in until checkout the staff were very friendly. We ate Valentines Day lunch at their rooftop restaurant and it was delicious, very pretty and there was even a view of the water from our table. The only not so perfect part of our experience was the fact that it's directly next to the twin tower construction site so it was a bit noisy in the morning after 9am but since we had to wake up early anyways it didn't bother us.
bubble_20	I am glad the only time I have stayed there is when the company prepays the room. It is a glorified barracks. It is a nice location if you want to see the sights around the Wall Street area. It is alright if you are there on business. It is not for families, maybe a couple who want to stay in New York. I personally would prefer to stay further uptown.
bubble_40	Club Quarters is a membership hotel on one side and a regular hotel on the other.  Best I could tell the only difference is which side of the elevators you have to get on for your room.    The rooms are bigger than you would expect in downtown NYC, each seems to be laid out a little differently.  Bathroom is plenty big, with stand up shower.  Modern furniture and decor.  Water bottle dispenser on each floor is a nice touch.    Right next to the WTC site, which is essentially a 24 hour construction site.  When I was there they were still tearing down one of the old buildings and the noise was a bit much starting at 7:30am, but that won't last too much longer.    The hotel is new and a little hard to find, several cabbies had a hard time finding it due to the construction detours
bubble_20	There are plenty of hotels in NYC and we like to change things up by staying in different hotels. This time it was Club Quarters.  The room was perfectly adequate and clean. The bed and covers were very simple - stiff mattress, no comforter (which one would expect from a room at this price). The location was very convenient for travel to any corner of the city.  The issues begin with everything that is not the room itself. Service is, in a word, absent. If all you want is to check-in and check-out (which is, self-service), then this is the hotel for you. But expect nothing else. Requests for general items such as pillows, extra towels, printouts will be met with vigorous agreement by the receptionist, followed by a world of inaction. This hotel is bereft of the idea of service.
bubble_40	We've never stayed in a Club Quarters hotel, but upgraded our room to a suite so our adult son could stay with us.  Very roomy living area with queen sofa bed (that he would not rate the most comfortable...but most sofa beds are!) with free WiFi.  Had a small frig and microwave which we did use.  Two desk areas with many outlets made using and charging 3 laptops very nice. Had a washer/dryer that was free to guests as well as detergent and softner.  The living area had large windows for plenty of light and heavy drapes which kept it dark when needed.  The staff was friendly and helpful during our week stay. An attached restaurant had great food and bar area.  Wonderful restaurants  and subway stops close by, Wall Street a block away, also close to Broadway/shopping. A Duane Reed
bubble_50	Wonderful staff make this surprising little gem even more lovely.  Clean bright room in a lovely hotel tucked away on Wall Street.  Safe, neighborhood and easy access to transit.  Tony at the front desk makes you feel like you're visiting his home.  A true gentleman who left me with the distinct impression that New Yorkers are some of the nicest people in the world!  If you're looking for a an affordable, good basic hotel with white glove customer service this is the one!
bubble_30	I was given a reservation from Priceline after entering search criteria of 4 stars for a maximum of $160 US. Having never stayed in the Financial district I was pleased with the location, close to transport (although where in NYC are you not close to transport?) and a 2 minute walk from the stock exchange building. The room was very big, such a treat in New York and the bathroom sparkling clean. The blockout blinds are VERY effective, so be sure to set your alarm. There is wireless internet and a direct phone line in your room. The gym is basic but well equipped (although I did no use it) and there is a washing machine and dryer for guest use, next to the gym. Very helpful after a bottle of rum from Cuba failed to make the trip in one piece. There are also computers in the area
bubble_30	We stayed for four nights towards the end of November coming from the UK. Decent room and shower, nice and clean. Free wi-fi in the room and nice to be able to use a PC on the 4th floor to print off our boarding passes. Downtown was quiet due to Thanksgiving but it was a nice sanctuary from the madness of NYC. The Bar next door is good and had some decent food if you don't want to walk very far. Overall a decent place to stay downtown very near to the Subway 2 & 3 lines and I'd certainly stay there again if the price is right.
bubble_20	Great wireless signal but no internet coming through it hardly ever...  HVAC unit worked but would start clicking for some reason in the middle of the night which woke me up (I am a sound sleeper). This happened in my first room, I was moved to another and it happened there. A colleague of mine also stayed in the hotel and had the same problem... Hmmm.....   Front desk was not very responsive. It took 20 minutes to get a new room (at midnight- I cannot imagine it is busy at that time). They were useless on the HVAC issue and the wireless.
bubble_50	First and foremost, this is a fabulous location in a very walkable, clean, nice neighborhood right next to the red and green subway lines, making getting to the east or west side very easy.  There's also a Duane Reade and Chase bank right across the street, which is handy.  I thought my room was perfectly fine - very clean, spacious compared to many NYC hotels, nice desk area and armoire/closet thing, flat screen TV mounted on the wall.  I also loved the chilled, filtered water stations on each floor and used mine a few times a day - saved me the trips to the ice machine and teeny tiny glass cups that you usually have to deal with at hotels.  I didn't have to interact with the staff much (check-in and out is all handled at the kiosks) but when I did ask for directions a couple
bubble_40	The hotel was peaceful and clean. It was close to the wall street subway stop and the area was very secure and safe. The complimentary chilled water stations are great!
bubble_30	We got a reduced price on Priceline so the hotel was affordable.  I took my husband to NYC to see Jersey Boys for his birthday.  As this hotel is out of the way, it's very useful to buy the subway pass.  Besides being out of the way, the hotel is quite nice.  The rooms are clean, although a bit tight.  The bathroom was so small it was nearly difficult to move around in!  The water, however, was hot and had high pressure which we both like in a hotel shower.  The window opened up wide onto the street, which was really nice in the early Autumn.  We spent some time just lying on the bed, looking out at the people skateboarding in the square across the street.   The bed was comfortable and clean.  The television was fine-sort of looking like a large computer screen!  It was neat how
bubble_40	Great hotel, close to everything. Super nice facilities; everything you need for the best price in NYC. We paid $130 a night. Make sure you also go to Ulysses for Sunday brunch! AMAZING!
bubble_40	I use to travel to NYC monthly and stayed at various hotels.  The Club Quarters on Williams Street was one of the cleanest hotels and the staff was most friendly.  I also enjoyed the free bottle water as I drink a lot of water each day.  I felt very safe there with my 11 year old grandson.
bubble_20	Your standard Club Quarters spartan experience with the same good and bad points, but with a couple of hitches. The A/C didn't work, the bathroom light didn't work, the room was even small by CQ standards and we had to go back to the front desk to get the Queen bed we reserved. Staff seemed overwhelmed, although nice. If you are in town for a mtg. in Financial District I suppose this is acceptable -but some reviews give this 3.5 to 4 stars which is nutty. You can do better for the price, even in NYC.
bubble_40	After reading some of the reviews here I was nervous about staying at this hotel, but it was fashion week and many places were booked or very pricey. I have not traveled to New York in a very long time but have been many times to London, Paris, many European cities. I based my expectations on the value I have seen there. Cabbie had no problem getting there, the front desk allowed me to check in at 11:30 which really surprised me...I was only going to ask to leave my suitcase. The woman behind the desk was pleasant enough but the man who hovered in the lobby (no idea of title...could have been door man to manager) could not have been more helpful or more welcoming. Check-in is a little weird with a kiosk rather than a person but the man helped me, gave me some local tips and gave
bubble_10	location was good for walking, and close to subway, but hard to get back to with taxis because of all the one way streets.  rooms very tired and dark, glad i was hardly in my room.  desk staff not friendly, much better deal at the Marriot, bid through priceline and got clubquarters, would use priceline again but would not be happy to get club quarters again
bubble_40	Just got back from NYC and of the 4 times I have been there I would have to say that this is the best hotel that I have stayed at.  Great location with the number 2 &3 trains being one block away.  The staff was always super helpful and very friendly.  Would definetely go back and recommend to others visiting the big apple.
bubble_40	We stayed two nights since we were in town for a wedding. The price was very good considering how expensive the hotels are in NYC. I liked being in the heart of the financial district - it was easy taxi ride to both the lower east side and Brooklyn where we needed to be for the wedding and rehearsal dinner. I liked strolling down to the Sea Port where we could chill out, have brunch and people watch on Saturday before the wedding. The desk clerks were great. We were sorry the hotel restaurant was closed for renovations. The room was clean, attractive and comfortable. Noise could be heard from the hallway, but not thru the walls. I would definitely stay  there again.
bubble_40	Had an excellent stay at this Club Quarters.  Very clean, newer room which was plenty big.  Free in-room internet a plus.  Very quiet location.  I read some reviews about rude staff.  I found them to be very friendly and helpful.   It is just too far to walk to most  attractions in the city.  For the right price, I would definitely stay again.
bubble_30	If you are on business in downtown, can't beat this hotel. Two mins from Wall Street and within most companies daily hotel budget. I previously stayed in the Club quarters Times Square and wasn't impressed so was underatandably reluctant to stay in the downtown one. However I'll be back! The midtown one has ZILCH atmosphere with very small dark rooms. The Wall Street hotel is much much better. The service on arrival was good. Rooms nice size. The staff were always very friendly. Would recommend to any business traveller staying downtown
bubble_40	Lovely hotel. The rooms are big and very comfortable, free wifi and excellent bathroom. Great value for money!
bubble_50	Stayed here just one night with my husband and daughter. We were upgraded from our Priceline suite to a superior room. Very comfortable and well appointed room. Super quiet. The ultra-high ceiling made the fairly small room feel spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the delicious breakfast with fresh fruit and liked the refillable water bottles on each floor. Only wish we could have stayed longer and made use of the mini-kitchen in our room and enjoyed the happy hour. Friendly, efficient parking around the corner for $28 for 24 hours. We paid $54 for 28 hours.
bubble_50	Great room, great service, great location near the subway.  Only negative point: hotel restaurant wasn't open for dinner, and the breakfast buffet was sparse. But there are plenty of restaurant and diners in the area.
bubble_40	I stayed in this hotel for 9 days.  HIghly recommended since it is right next to the Wall Street and walking distance to a lot of famous landmarks here in Downtown NYC including the Brooklyn Bridge, Twin Towers Memorial, and to the port for Statue of Liberty among others.  The accessibility of the subway trains is also a plus factor.  The hotel provides plastic bottles to use for their cold filtered water on every floor.  The room itself is clean and during my stay  where  I had to endure  consecutive heat waves.  It is nice to know I can fully relax in my airconditioned room after walking around the city.  The staff members are very helpful and accommodating and I feel safe knowing that there is always security police nearby.
bubble_30	Hotwire sent me here for a weekend in June at $150/night, which is a little on the high side for what you get.  Still, it was a good stay - room was quite comfortable, and MUCH larger than the ones I have seen at the "Club Closet" location in Boston.  Downtown Manhattan is a lot livelier than it used to be; there are bars/restaurants nearby and there is some life on the weekend; but this neighborhood still closes down earlier than the rest of the city.  Good subway connections nearby but watch for station closings due to construction.
bubble_30	Keep in mind - I've never stayed at a Club Quarters hotel despite my 60+ nights/year in hotels.  That having been said, I was made to feel quite foolish by the front desk staff when I didn't know that check-in was via an automated kiosk and not from the front desk attendants.  Regardless, I wouldn't let that spoil my visit - the hotel itself is just a few steps off Wall Street, making it a great location Monday - Friday and totally desolate Friday night through Sunday.  The hotel restaurant and bar were closed, but there is a Duane Reade across the street with limited hours, and South Street Seaport is a few blocks away.  The hallways are very narrow, making it difficult to balance a laptop bag and suitcase while attempting to get to your room.  Big perk - chilled, purified
bubble_10	The best part was the $28 per 24 hours of parking your car.  No coffee/tea available for guests during the weekend in the club room.  No hot breakfast available, no late meals available, AC broken in Bar.   Unhelpful people, hot hallways, no fans in bathrooms, sliding door on bathroom caught my fingers and cut them, TV/Cable cord tripped my husband.  My in-laws had no water bottles on their floor, horrible view of ugly building nextdoor.
bubble_40	I spent the weekend at Club Quarters Wall Street and can't say enough positive things about the hotel. The first pleasure was the check-in process, which is done via self-serve kiosk similar to what you use to check yourself in at an airport. The room was much larger than other NY hotel rooms I've seen, and the chilled filtered water in the hallway was a nice added bonus. The location is not great, but the hotel is really great!
bubble_50	I know this review is coming really late, but I really had to give my two cents on this amazing hotel.  We stayed for 5 nights in April and loooooooooooooooved Club Quarters Downtown. The hotel is beautiful, and best of all it's located right beside Wall Street, so the area is filled with security and business people. We were concerned that we would be kind of far from the main attractions we wanted to visit but the hotel is a short walk from the NY subway which was amazingly easy to navigate.   The rooms were plush and comfortable, and service was amazing. All of the staff are extremely helpful. I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet, safe and enjoyable trip to Manhattan.
bubble_40	Club Quarters Downtwon is a nice hotel and great price for NY (at time $112/night).  It is in a great location at the edge of the financial district near the Brooklyn Bridge.  There is a taxi stop located directly on front of the hotel.  the staff is polite and helpful.  There is a self service water station on each floor (clean empty bottles you fill your self from the filtered water station).  the room are relatively small but layed out well.  the rooms are clean with modern decor.
bubble_30	The rooms (including the bathroom) are small but clean and comfortable and a good price for New York. The attached restaurant isn't too good but the hotel is near a number of good restaurants.
bubble_40	We got this hotel on priceline.com for less than $150 a night including fees, which was much cheaper than anything else available.  We stayed in the downtown location which is actually in the financial district (not soho as priceline suggests) and very close to Wall Street.  The hotel was clean and renovated and the staff were very helpful.   The rooms were small but well equipped with a nice, bright bathroom, free wi-fi, desk, chair, tv, iron etc.  Staying in this area will mean you probably have to travel to get to many of the other areas you will be visiting, and there are not many bars and restaurants open in the evenings. I don't know what the hotel is full price, and my review is based solely on the deal that we got.  I'm sure I would expece more if I paid $300 per night.
bubble_40	we stayed for 5 nights in the hotel. it was very good I would say. we were in the hotel mainly at night and I must say t it is perfect since from 7pm the streets are very quiet so it is possible to have a good rest without street noises. it is not midtown but there is not problem in finding places to eat in wall street in the evening. there are pizza stores and all sort of things like that but the best of all is pier 17, which is just 5 minutes away and there are plenty of good places to have dinner, and very romantic with the views over the bridges and the bay. the hotel is very clean, the service is appropriate, the room was quite good. comfortable, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, decent bathroom size.  there are plenty of subway stations around, like 1 minute away. during
bubble_40	I scored a room at CQ on Priceline for $90 plus tax. As a weekend visitor, Im giving this 4/5 because it was a great value. Had I paid rack rate, it would probably only be worth 3/5. Had I been a business traveler with something to do on Wall Street, this would be a 5/5. This is definitely a no-frills business travelers hotel. Most rooms have only one bed. The rooms with two beds are mostly twin beds (I believe). There is a small flat-screen TV hanging from the room to save space. There is also a nice desk for doing work. The hotel is perfectly clean.  For someone doing business in the financial district, the location is top-notch. For a weekend visitor, the location is far from ideal. One thing I neglected to consider about staying in the financial district during the weekend
bubble_30	This hotel offers good value for the business person, but I would not recommend it for anyone else. The room is decent size, the bed is nice, the furniture is fine, but somehow the place is very impersonal and even depressing. My room had a shower only, a small, tv, dark and somber furnishings, very masculine feel. High speed internet in the room was nominal - speed was very slow. Lots of conference going mid level managers rushing in and out, if that's your scene.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here after coming home from Costa Rica. We loved this place AND got a great deal on it off priceline, $90 a night!!!! ($111 after taxes and fees). Our room was clean and comfortable. We loved the filtered water bottles on each floor, very handy for our trips in the city. We loved the workout room and the complimentary washer and dryer. We would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Stayed here 2 nights over the weekend.  Got a great rate, less than a hundred bucks on hotels dot com.  A real steal for Manhattan.  Was a bit wary but have very few complaints.  I would stay again if the price were right. The room was nice, with a fridge, coffee maker, microwave, plus ironing boards/irons available in the broom closet on each floor.  The room was really not as small as others have said; I thought it was a good size for Manhattan.  Bathroom was OK, needs a renovation as it's looking a bit tired.  Def shower needs a regrout.  But the bathroom was clean and big and not too bad at all!  Bed was comfy.  Bad draft coming in through the window made the room cold.  Noisy heater that didn't seem to do much.  Just one small window but plenty of lamplight.  TV small but
bubble_30	The Club Quarters is a very average hotel - you can do much better in New York, even for a similar price.  Good: 1. For New York, the size of the room was pretty good. 2. Free wifi 3. Decent if small room service menu and the ability to get takeout from a variety of local restaurants. 4. Free bottled water, though not provided in the rooms.  Bad: 1.  Terrible soundproofing.  My bed practically shook when the person in the room next door left their room.  I was on the 14th floor but could hear traffic below in the middle of the night. 2. Low quality bedding.  When I went to take the bedspread off the bed I realized it was the only bedding other than a sheet - I shudder to think how long it's been since it's been washed.
bubble_50	I recently checked into the hotel and stayed in room 816, which was a very nice and clean room.  Service was wonderful through out the hotel.  I have to give the lady at checkin credit  she was true pleasure to deal with I think her name was Angela as well as the blond headed girl behind the desk.  I will make sure that every time I come to NY i stay at that hotel.  One word WOW !!!
bubble_40	I started staying at Club Quarter hotels during business trips to San Francisco, and enjoyed the comforts so much that I try to book the hotel whenever I go to a city where they are located.  The downtown hotel is a bargain for NYC.  Most Club Quarters hotels offer 2 public computers with internet and free printing, and wireless internet in the rooms.  The downtown location is located within blocks of Wall St., South Street Sea Port, the WTC site, and the subway.  The neighborhood gets quiet at night, since most of the action is elsewhere in the city.  If you are looking for a good deal, in a clean, modern hotel, the Club Quarters is a great place.  For devotees of Anthony Bourdain, the hotel is near his former employer Les Halles.
bubble_40	This hotel was very clean and sophisticated.  They even had a complimentary filtered water dispenser equipped with bottles to take with you on ventures throughout the city!
bubble_20	Don't fall for the Priceline deals. I selected Chelsea and SoHo as the areas that I wanted to stay in, and they lump SoHo together with the Financial District. Don't fall for it. They also list Club Quarters as a 3.5 star hotel, and it's not even close. At least the one in the Financial District is better than the one in Midtown, but it has nearly zero customer service. What 3.5 star hotel requires you to check yourself in at a kiosk, provides no one to help with bags (if needed) and no restaurant? I can fend for myself and don't mind so much, but that's not what I call customer service. Priceline stinks and I'll never use them again! I don't appreciate being misled.
bubble_30	Booked the place via Priceline at $150.00 per night. Pros:  Very clean, very quiet (since its downtown near nothing but government buildings/offices), great staff, nicely located near the 2/3 subway to get you uptown fast; well worth the price I paid though nothing exciting; the ability to refill water bottles to take with you Con:  not a 3.5 star hotel as suggested by priceline (I've stayed at more budget hotels that are much better); small room (but if you just want a place to sleep-its fine); for the second day, I got one clean bath towel-had to call to have an extra one since we had two people in room; not good if you plan an extended stay but fine for 2 or 3 nights; with price line got a room next to elevator (but it was stil extremely quiet) with a veiw of the roof of
bubble_40	I travel 40% for work and this would be my choice.  My wife and I transferred from a dirty "4 Star" hotel in Long Island city to the CQ downtown via Priceline.com.  The price was exceptional for a hotel in Manhattan.  The rooms are perfectly clean, room service is great, the in-room wifi & free bottled water are a time saver.  Private and secure access eliminates riff-raff and the #2/3 subway is 200 ft from the front door.  There is a nice looking bar downstairs, but we didn't have a chance to try it out.  It's a short ride up to midtown for all of the excitement, but it remains nice and quiet in the financial district after business hours. This makes for a nice retreat from the noise in midtown.  The only downside that we could discover is the bed.  It's not the most
bubble_40	After reading some of the reviews, I was a bit nervous about booking here, but as my normal hotel was sold out I took a chance. Anyone who has complained about the rooms being small, clearly doesn't stay in NYC very often. My room was spacious by NY standards with enough room to do some excercise. Nice bathroom, very clean and modern faucets and thick towels. The bottled water on the floor was cold and delicious. Room had nice hand signed and numbered prints for artwork. Found a decent sushi place within walking distance. Only ding would be check in took about 20 min as they were very busy
bubble_50	I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The service was above and beyond. The staff was knowledgeable, fast, and super courteous. Room was GREAT and located right at the 2/3 subway station and a block from the 4 or 5.  This hotel gets top ratings from me.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our time at the Club Quarters. We got a room on priceline (it wasn't cheap though but nothing in NY is). It was definitely quite a bit less than the list price on all the usual sites (approx $100 less) and anything that I saw in Manhattan. The hotel itself is pretty far down (Financial District) but it worked for us! We were just a short subway ride from everything we wanted to see -- Broadway, central park, etc. The hotel is very near the South Street Seaport which has a TXTS booth (half price or discounted Broadway  tickets) and a variety of shops. We received a free bottle of wine, cookies and chocolate covered raisins upon arrival. Also, we were upgraded on arrival (doesn't help to ask - even with priceline!!) to a superior room (from
bubble_30	Priceline Trap..Ok first mistake using Priceline never again. Now for the hotel, its really for the business traveler. I was in the suite which I had to upgrade from Priceline so the room cost more. Priceline booked us in twin beds. Ill take twin beds if in Europe! The room has a basic feel and style, its an over size office. The bathroom is tiny and not private at all so if your with people that you dont know so well, (OR had curry) your not going to like the bathroom set-up. The suite had a king size bed on one side and desk and pull-out sofa on the other. The room has an open partition so you can hear the TV in the sleeping area over on the other side where the pull-out is located,. TVs are small maybe a 20". Room was clean so thats plus and love they have a water
bubble_30	This hotel is great for the right kind of trip. It's not luxurious, beautiful, or even remotely interesting... but it is clean, comfortable, and inexpensive.  The downtown location is perfect for wall street business travelers, and offers easy access to nearly all NYC subway lines which is a huge plus.  It's a great stay for anyone who is familiar with NYC and looking for an affordable bed while they explore the city... but i would not recommend this for anyone who intends to spend lots of time in their hotel room or is looking for luxury accommodations.
bubble_40	My wife and stayed here overnight.  It is located in the Financial District and may not be the best choice for a first time visitor to NYC.  But if you are looking for affordable accomadations and a decent value it was good.  I would also recommend it for a short stay.
bubble_30	Club Quarters is situated close to Wall Street and Ground Zero. We used to walk right up to Central Park nearly everyday which was tiring but you get to see parts of Tribeca and Soho that you wouldn't see normally.  Most Cab drivers didn't know where this hotel was which was a problem when trying to book a cab. Our cab for the airport never turned up and we had to flag one down on Wall Street.  There is just a lounge here, no bar or restaurant.  Our room was tiny but clean and warm (we got 6 inches of snow when we were there!) but our view was of a brick wall!  Was ok if you don't plan spending any time in the hotel but I wouldn't go back.
bubble_50	After a bid on priceline was accepted by this hotel I visited tripadvisor to look at reviews.  There was one negative review in particular that had me scared of what I may find upon arrival.  Needless to say, this hotel does not deserve a bad rating.  The price was right and the room was very, very nice.  In fact, the room was double the size of what I had previously enjoyed in New York City.  In addition, the chilled spring water was a lovely added bonus.  The subway is one block down the street from the hotel, and while this hotel is not located in the hustle and bustle of NYC, it is pleasant to not be in such a busy area and everything is yes a short subway ride away.  I definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	I got this hotel through Priceline, so although the view consisted of the rooftop a/c unit, I got a great deal.  After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was disappointed and worried that I got this hotel.  Check-in was not so great.  We walked up to the front desk (lobby is tiny and nothing fancy), and waited for the receptionist to serve us.  Then another couple walked up behind us to get in line while we waited.  However, instead of serving any of  us, the receptionist served a pushy young woman who walked up and butt in front of all of us to ask about her dry cleaning.  My friend and I, as well as the other couple behind us all looked at each other for being brushed aside like that.  He could have politely told her to wait while he served us who have been waiting
bubble_30	I bid on a hotel through Priceline.com and wound up with this hotel.  My friend and I were on a budget, so I thought going through Pricline would save us money.  We were in NYC to see some broadway shows and attend a talk show taping, which is all located in Broadway/Mid Town Manhattan.  This hotel is located quite far away in the Finanical District.  A cab ride from Grand Central to this hotel was anywhere between $15 - $23.  I called before we arrived to request 2 double/queen beds.  They said because we paid through Priceline, they were not sure they could accomodate us, but would put a request in the system.  I was pleasantly surprised when we got to the room to find 2 TWIN beds.  The room was small, like all the other reviews on here said.  It had a TV, built in desk,
bubble_40	We got a great deal through Priceline over the Labor Day weekend, stayed 4 nights at CQ Downtown. The standard room we got was small, yes, but very well designed to fit in all the important things--bed, tv, desk, wardrobe. Bathroom had only a shower, but it was spacious and clean.  Asked for extra pillows as we were going out for dinner, they were in our room when we returned. We knew when we booked that the Wall Street area clears out on long weekends, but we enjoyed walking around (with lots of other tourists) the old streets. Club Quarters is what it is--not a full service hotel, but fine if what you want is a reasonably priced room with FREE INTERNET.  We figured with what we saved on the room, we covered some other more important city splurges.
bubble_30	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights recently after buying the rooms over Priceline. I specifically wanted a 3.5 star hotel and was hoping for the soho area. This is conveniently located if you want to spend time around wall street - otherwise you will be on the subway frequently.  The room was like a converted motel room. The shower hadnt been renovated since the 50's (at a guess) and the hot water service was intermittent. During our first day there was no hot water at all. On other days it only seemed to work at off-peak times, i.e after midnight and around midday. The mattress was hard and not very comfortable - only 2 pillows are provided, and you are directed to a communal 'guest closet' if you want extras. Unfortunately the extra pillows were stained yellow and
bubble_20	I unfortunately got this hotel through a Priceline scam... if you name your own price on priceline for a hotel in "Soho/Financial District" this is the one you will get.  Pay extra money and pick out your own hotel.   The room is VERY small and dirty.  There was dust everywhere and the room smelled.  I wore flip flops the entire time I was in the room- especially in the shower!! (gross!!)  There was hardly any hot water and the water pressure was like showering in a drinking fountain.  I woke up everytime the air conditioner turned on during the night- it is so loud you can barley sleep through it!  The only positive about the hotel was the staff - they were very nice and helpful!  The location would be ok for someone in NYC for business and not having to travel far from the
bubble_40	Perfect for short stays in NYC and a new neighborhood for many to explore.  The hotel is very clean and has free purified water in the hall.  Although this hotel is in the financial distrcit, there were plenty of people around on the weekend and there is an indoor/outdoor bar and restaurant nearby - - Ulysses.  A walk from Battery Park up the Hudson is a must. The subways are nearby for quick travel uptown.  Duane Reade drugstore accross the street has all the essentials.  Cheap eats can be found near city hall.  The room, like apts in NYC, was tiny.
bubble_30	This hotel was rated 31/2 stars by people who have reviewed it (or higher) on this site. Reviews describe free internet connectivity in the lobby...that is IF you can ever find a computer free.....ever!!! Our room looked like a converted dorm room...did I say TINY!?! The photos online are very deceptive. Essentially we had a queen sized bed ,a desk chair with built in desk, and a  single chair in the entire room! The TV was attached to the wall. The one positive thing I can say is, it was clean. We won't stay there again as it was just too small for us to feel comfortable. Maybe a single traveler wouldn't mind. Staff was friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	We are from Northern California. Our trip to NYC was a once in a lifetime experience. Our stay at Club Quarters-Downtown during the first two weeks of July of 2009, exceeded all of our expectations by a large margin. It was simply fabulous. Even though we made our reservations through Priceline, we were treated like royalty. They were able to meet all of our requests. We were especially moved by the hotel managers personal gestures of providing us with a free room upgrade, a free bottle of wine and a free bag of chocolate covered almonds upon our arrival. Amazing!! All of the staff, from the Guest Service Managers to the bellboy to the housekeeping personnel to the restaurant staff provided us with the finest customer service. One evening, my wife and I were separated and she
bubble_30	I went to this hotel for a week end escapade.  The location is fine but during the week end the area is dead as it's the financial district.  The room were small, there is flat screen TV and free wireless internet that is great.  The bed were comfortable.  On each floor there is bottled water service for free.  The service were limited, only a small gym that was close during my stay. Also there is no parking at the hotel. You have to take the one on Liberty street, not so far... The staff were not helpful, considering we want to add a room they did not try to accomodate us.. they just say the hotel is full.  I will recommand it for a business trip because of it's location and services offered
bubble_30	We got a good deal on this hotel at priceline and it was much more reasonable than staying in times square.  The room was very very small with one queen sized bed. The room was clean and there were complimentary beverages in the lobby.   Check in was easy except that the computer kiosks they use for check in randomly assign room and we got a smoking room.  The staff changed it for us without a problem.    I would probably pass on staying here again.
bubble_20	Arrived at hotel from Europe. Check in is to be done through a computer. A hotel staff firmly said that had be done through the machine. My corporate visa premier was declined (?) and I was said "guests are expected to have a valid international credit card" before I could hand any of three others I had. At breakfast, no one was attending the door so I went to a table. Somebody told me without a greetings that I was to wait outside. There was then a mistake on my bill and I was firmly prompted to sign it and that they would fix it. I refused and asked to talk with the manager. The waiter refused. After wasting 30 minutes of my time they printed the correct bill. When leaving, the automatic checkout did not work... I was never given any invoice that I needed for accounting. Stay
bubble_50	This hotel was great.  The room was small, but we didn't need anything big...I mean, we're in New York - we only needed the room to drop off our shopping bags in and sleep!  The location is awesome...close to the subway, ground zero, Century 21 (best shopping!), the Chelsea Piers....Everything was in walking distance.  The staff are super helpful and nice.  I would absolutely stay here again!!  The room has air conditioning (not loud at all), and we had a microwave and mini fridge, as we were there for a full week (no extra charge).  The only down side was the hotel restaurant, William's.  It was way overpriced for what we got (which is why we only ate there once), and the service was not so stellar.  The up side to that is, there are 20 other restaurants within walking
bubble_50	I first read the reviews on here before booking because Travelocity offered an unbeatable flight/hotel package for this hotel.  I read reviews that it was a great hotel, just had small rooms so I was expecting for my room to be small, but it wasn't.  Maybe because my room was at the end of the hall, don't know but it was a nice size.  I enjoyed the bottled water feature in the hallway, cool decor, appreciated the ipod dock, very clean and the water pressure in the shower was perfect.  I've stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania and the Hyatt in NY in the past, but I loved the Club Quarters the best.  Red Bull Restaurant was great as well.
bubble_50	We spent the Memorial Day weekend at this hotel and booked it on Priceline for $85 a night.  Just what we needed.  Room was spacious for NY standards and very quiet.  Entire area was quiet because it was a holiday weekend and that was wonderful because there was zero street noise.  It is just around the corner from the 2 and the 3 subway and close to other lines. Easy to get anywwhere in the city. It was great for our needs, however I didn't love the shower in the bathroom, but that's just me.  Very clean and there is free internet in the lobby.  I would recoomend this hotel to anyone.
bubble_50	Hotel is cool.  Very cool.  I've been reading reviews, and they obviously don't know much about this hotel.  Staff is nice.  Rooms are kind of small, but what do you want it to be?  Its a hotel, and your in NYC.  Who stays in the room?  Subway is like 12 steps from the door.  Police are patrolling the area all day, and all night, with AK-47's.  No violence going on down here...haha.  Can't wait to go back up there, and I will be staying at this hotel.  Great place.  Me and my bro had a awesome time here.  Thanks Club Quarters!!
bubble_40	I see other reviewers have issues with this hotel, i.e. WiFi service.  I did not attempt to use the WiFi service.   My company had me stay at this hotel for a few nights for meetings around Wall Street.  The location is excellent for downtown in the Financial District of NYC.  Also, the hotel is incredibly quiet.  I was surprised by this since the rooms since close along the halls, but I absolutely heard nothing during my stay.    The hotel rooms are small, but all you need for staying on business.  I would not recommend this hotel for a leisure trip to NYC for a couple.    The restaurant closes early by NYC standards - but it is Downtown.  It closes about 10 p.m.  However, there are menus for local restaurants, at least one that is open 24 hours, where you can place an order
bubble_30	My company booked me here for a business trip. I know not to expect much in the way of space or quiet in a NYC room. However, for a hotel that supposedly caters to the business traveler, CQ has some problems. WiFi connection is unreliable. There are only two PCs in the business center, which is part of the noisy lobby/lounge. Barebones amenities in the guest rooms, and the 'help yourself' closet is usually out of the basics. For instance, one iron and ironing board per floor, usually one or both are gone.   I like the fact that hotels now give you the option of leaving your towels on the floor to be washed or hanging them up to be used again. However, I don't like leaving my towel on the floor to be washed and coming back to find it hung back up! This happened to me and to a
bubble_50	I have stayed in almost every hotel in the city and this hotel for the price might be the best . From the time Jackie and Ms Maldanodo check you in you feel like part of the CQ family . The rooms were nice and clean and what are you expecting for the price ?  This truly is a great value and for the price its awesome .......anybody who complains is soing so out of not knowing the market ,  I LOVE THIS HOTEL and will be back .....great people and a great price makes this your # 1 destination in NYC
bubble_40	Booked this hotel last minute on Priceline and think I got a good deal.Room was small but I expected that and they made good use of space.When I booked it gave me 1 Queen bed but when I checked in I asked if I could have 2 twins and it was no problem.There was a bar and restaurant that looked very nice although we didn't try it.There was a parking garage around the corner and it was $28 for 24 hours. Will stay here again on next trip.
bubble_40	We stayed in this hotel for one night in April. Check in was very quick. The room was decent size. The only thing that I can honestly say I didnt like about the room was the shower. It was more like a shower at the gym. It was only a shower (no tub) and as someone else had mentioned previously it took probably 10 minutes for the water to get hot. We really enjoyed the bottled water that was supplied on each floor. I got an excellent price through Priceline and would definately stay again but not for the rack rate. We checked out early Sunday morning and they held our bags for us until later in the afternoon with no trouble whatsoever. Very close to the subway. Turn left and walk one block and there it is . Very convenient.
bubble_50	I was intially booked to for a reg room, however they decided to give me an upgrade for free.  The suite had two TV, a bedroom and a living room.  The suites were clean and also had free bottled service.  THe location is exceptional, located very only a block away from the Subway.
bubble_40	No frills place, with small, but clean rooms.   They only have wireless in the rooms, so you'll need to go to the lobby if you don't have that.  Unlimited free bottled water is nice.
bubble_40	Perfect for young businessmen in the heart of the financial district.  Don't be fooled, the outside looks like a health club and there isn't much of a lobby.  I enjoyed free use of their computers in their business center to check internet. The rooms are clean, attractive and small, adequate by NY standards.  I especially liked the in-room coffee maker and microwave as well as the filtered water in the hallway.  A bonus was the mini-frig NOT stocked with mini-bar supplies so I had room for the few items from the pharmacy found on the corner.  The subway 4 line to Manhattan is one block away and it made it easy to get around.  I highly recommend HopStop.com to help navigate around NYC.  I stayed three nights in NYC and each night I stayed at a different hotel (I felt
bubble_30	This hotel is not bad.  Clean room, but out of date; good room service, but slow and it came in cold;  and near a metro and South Sea Port.  Not a fancy place, but okay for a quick NYC trip.  However, it is not a great location for night activities.  We had the hardest time finding cabs in and out of that area, specially on weekends.  Decent spot for business travel, I'm sure.
bubble_50	Clean, safe, friendly staff, down the block from subway. All at a great price!
bubble_40	I had heard of Club Quarters but never stayed at one until this year. I've now stayed here four times. This place is in a great location close to the 2, 3 subway stop @ Wall Street and right in the heart of the Financial District. The rooms are a good size for NYC and have decent amenities. Another great benefit is the Duane Reade across the street (pharmacy/convenience store) that really helps when you forget something like I do frequently.   There's a lot to do nearby including great pubs, bars and restaurants. If you work too much and don't get out, they actually have a great service for you. You can order from a list of nearby restaurants (Japanese, Barbecue, Chinese, Indian, etc.) and they charge to your room and deliver to your door. Great service! There's also a great
bubble_40	It's not easy to find a safe and high quality hotel in NYC for an affordable price.  Club Quarters Downtown is a great hotel if comfort, a convenient location and good value are what you're looking for.  Located less than a minute away from a subway station, the hotel is in the financial district.  Certainly, there's not a lot to do in the financial district as a tourist and you'll have to either walk or take the subway to the midtown area to see the sights, but armed with a subway pass, this hotel is perfectly located.  The area is quiet at night, but very safe, so no worries there.  The rooms are very clean, modern and aesthetically pleasing.  The service is fine, and the hotel also has free internet on the ground floor.  I would definitely recommend Club Quarters Downtown.
bubble_50	I got a great deal on this hotel ($110 with taxes and fees) through Name Your Own Price on Priceline. My girlfriend and I drove down to New York for the weekend to see a show at Madison Square Gardens.  Parking here is easy enough for New York City. A valet garage is located across the street and the hotel will validate the ticket (the cost was $28 for 24 hours). The hotel is located just around the corner from the garage.  Club Quarters Downtown is representative of the financial district in which it is located. The rooms are small, modern, and professional. This is not a 'romantic' hotel by any means but the rooms are very comfortable. One nice feature was the adjustable wall mounted flat screen television which can easily be viewed from anywhere in the room.  There were no
bubble_20	PROS - GREAT service - check-in staff was very nice and welcoming. It was just an attitude of helpfulness and friendliness, and very personable - CHEAP prices - I was pretty cheap compared to NY standards - FUNCTIONAL amenities, like the Club lounge for all guests with sofa, computer, printer, internet, coffee etc, and the in-room dining/flatscreen TV - CENTRAL location - just minutes from Wall Street  CONS - SMALL rooms, and bed types are only a choice of one Twin or one Queen for the single/standard room. Rooms are definitely on the small side, but still very functionable - COLD water from showers, until you turn it on for 5 or more minutes, esepecially in the evening - SLOW and ridiculously slow wireless internet, both in room and in lounge. The only way to connect is via
bubble_40	This is a fantastic little hotel in a great location! Very friendly staff and excellent facilties. Rooms are a little on the small side, but nothing to really complain about.
bubble_50	I read many feed backs about this hotel. I'll be short then.I've been in this hotel for 11 day for Christmas holidays. I found the room unexspected LARGE, very comfortable. The staff was available, efficently, plus other advantages of place very closed to the stops subways, shops and etc. I will probably come back if  have the pleasure to go to New York again. Francesca
bubble_40	just spend a weekend at this hotel and it was very nice. the rooms are small but it's what you would expect from a hotel in NYC.  it's dowtown, but i prefer that location over others simply because at night you can actually sleep without hearing hoards of tourists, cars, sirens... it's quiet and after a whole new york day, a bit of quiet is always good! there is a subway within two steps of the hotel and whitin a few minutes you are midtown in the heart of the action. right around the corner there is a great breakfast and lunch place called Kozina. basically this hotel is really well surrounded with the things you need, not to mention it is right in front od a pharmacy, which can be quite helpful esp. for famillies with young children. the staff was great and really very helpful
bubble_50	This place was great!  I read many positives and negatives on the Internet before I booked.  The price was a steal ($189).  The room was super clean, comfortable, well-appointed, lots of extras like free computers in lobby, free bottled water, free roll-away.  The room was compact, but very adequate.  The staff couldn't have been more helpful, were always handy with great directions to get everywhere, were friendly and accommodating.  There are 3 subway stations within a block or two.  We always felt safe in the area.  There was a great coffee shop right downstairs.  I was so pleasantly surprised and it was a great experience!
bubble_20	rooms are big, but bathroom is quiet small and ramshackle. The service is not very good, staff is rude and hasty. I booked a triple, but the 3th bed wasn't ready.
bubble_30	The room is nicely equipped with a microwave, mini-fridge, and coffee maker.  Beyond those things, there is nothing to get excited about.  The room is tiny, the bathroom is tiny, the TV is mounted in an awkward position which makes it weird to view (e.g. if I lay on my left side in the bed, the TV is BEHIND my back!), you can barely turn around in the shower.  The wireless connection from the room is absolutely horrible (though it works well from the lobby, which cancels out any convenience at all).  I've asked the staff twice about the internet connection, only to be told that the "router needs to be restarted".  Each time, there was no noted improvement.  The room service is WAY too expensive (short ribs for $30?!)...not to mention there are only 11 lunch & dinner items on the
bubble_40	The Club Quarters located in the Financial District of New York ended up being the perfect spot for our long weekend in New York.  At first I was bummed that we were not staying in a more culturally interesting area but it all turned out for the best.  Since the financial district is so quiet on the weekends, it ended up being an oasis in the city.  We love walking in New York so each day we used the hotel as our base and walked to Chinatown, SOHO, etc.  We also took the subway when necessary.    We also got what I would consider a fabulous deal on this hotel.  It only cost 175.00 per night on Priceline.  Somehow (without asking) we got assigned the Diplomat's Suite.  It had two rooms, two flat screen TVs, a pull-out couch, King size bed, kitchenette (though we did not really
bubble_10	I wanted to like Club Quarters downtown, especially because this hotel has an ideal location just steps from Wall Street, the New York Stock Exchange, and many of the other sites and amenities in Lower Manhattan.  Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of positive feedback about my stay there. I was there as part of a two-day conference nearby, and it's fair to say that I won't be back.  Why?   For starters, the room was not properly cleaned upon my arrival. This includes the bathroom.  Secondly, amenities in the hotel were lacking -- such as a bottle opener.  Finally, on the second day of my stay (while I was away from the room in meetings), one of the service staff took it upon themselves to take the gratuity I had left (for cleaning) from my room -- without cleaning the room.
bubble_50	This was a great choice in the big city.  The location is perfect as it is a block away from the Wall St. subway station and a few blocks from the busier Broadway/Nassau station.  The room did not seem small considering this is NY.  The room was nice and clean, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was small but ample enough to be comfortable.  The AC worked perfectly and the free WiFi was decent.  The front desk was very helpful in holding the bags.  Early check in is available but not guaranteed and we did not ask for it until the check in day.  Upon our return for check in time our bags were already in the room and we were able to get in an hour early with no additional charge.  Late check out was also provided with no extra charge for a few hours after 11 AM.  There was a
bubble_10	Club Quarters is located next to Wall street and is ideally situated for a Wall St business visit, especially in winter when even a short walk can be uncomfortable because of the extreme cold (it was minus 7 when I stayed)  However, the standard is poor - the hotel is in urgent need of a refresh.  Wooden finishes were faded and varnish had either peeled or gone. Rooms needed redecorating. Corridors need repainting.  AC/heating was rusty and noisy.  It felt more like a hostel than a hotel.  I expected a bath in the bathroom but there was only a shower.  Bathroom probably as clean as the cleaner could get it without renovating it but it was very unappealing.  I arrived on a Sunday and found no food or drink whatsoever at 8pm.  Only water was available.  There are very few
bubble_40	For a city consistently ranked among the most expensive in the world, Club Quarters is a steal! The cost per night is still not cheap, but the value is alright! We stayed in Room 305. It was quite spacious with high ceilings. The bed was a queen size as promised, and the linen were of good quality. There was a flat  sheet in between the bed and the top comforter, but putting a blanket in between would have been a nicer touch.  The bathroom was renovated and very well-kept. It is tinier than most comparable Asian hotels, but bigger than European ones. The lack of a bath tub was a disappointment, but certainly not a deal breaker.  Other positives include a writing table, a closet, flat panel tv, free bottled purified water, and an "outside" room service wherein you can call
bubble_20	Before I left for New York, I called Club Quarters  to make sure they  had my company's credit card info squared away,   which they did.   By check-in, however, somehow they had lost it. I had to hand over my personal credit card until they heard from my company. A rough check-in, but no big deal.   Then I saw the room.   It was high off the ground and away from my elevator, so it was quiet, as I had requested. It was pretty clean -- a bit dusty, but tidy.  But it lacked the comforts you feel you need after a day doing business. The window had only a valance and blinds, making the room bright even at night. The bed had only two crappy pillows, and the bedspread was the only blanket available. (Most hotels give you a blanket under the bedspread, since bedspreads aren't changed as
bubble_40	We had a mini-suite for three nights.  We weren't in the room much but there was lots of space to spread out and park our things.  Clean and well decorated.  There's also a business center with computers, wifi and delicious cookies in the afternoon.  My husband and I had a queen size bed and the kids shared the pullout couch.   It was perfect for our requirements.
bubble_50	My husband & I just got back from our first trip to NYC - an anniversary getaway without the kids.  This hotel was fantastic for the two of us.  The rooms were small, but never claustrophobic.  They were well appointed and extremely clean.  The bed was so comfy!   The staff was friendly and helpful.  We loved the chilled bottled water offered on each floor.   Housekeeping was prompt in getting our room cleaned each day.  They always only left one washcloth, but we knew from reading others' reviews that there was a linen closet available on each floor for extras.  We always felt secure in this area, even on the weekend, when there isn't as much foot traffic.  Security officers were very visible.  The subway stations for the 2&3 train and for the 4&5 trains are very convenient to
bubble_40	We spent two nights at this hotel in a double room on the third highest floor (can't remember the number!) and were very satisfied.  From the fire exit plan, our room appeared to be the smallest on our floor, but was still far more spacious than I had expected given location/price etc.  Room and bathroom spotlessly clean (as to be expected).  Bed very comfortable, free water bottles next to the dispenser on each level useful (as we were budget tourists) and didn't acquire a taste for NY tap water whilst there.  The extras in the closet next to the water were useful too (irons and ironing boards, pillows, blankets, coffee, tea, sewing kits etc).  It was also good to have a proper hair dryer in the bathroom rather than the ones attached to the walls you sometimes get.  I was
bubble_40	My 17 year old daughter and I stayed at CQ Wall St for 10 days, and we loved the hotel.  It is great for business travel to NY where you stay out during the day.  The rooms are small but very efficiently planned out.  I loved the laundry room where we can do our own laundry anytime.  (hotel provides soap, etc.) Also the hotel had a directory of restaurants where they do free delivery and tickets could be charged to the hotel!  Overall, although the hotel has small rooms, it is very convenient to subway stations and dining places.  Our Lady of Victory Catholic Church is down the block from the hotel, and there is a pharmacy as well as a grocery across the street.  Hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. We definitely will stay there again in the future.
bubble_30	CQ Downtown is good only for business. The Financial District is empty after 7 PM and difficult to find food on Sunday evening. Rooms were tiny and need some refurbishing. Breakfast too expensive. You have in the ... bathroom a`coffee maker.
bubble_40	I was in NYC last weekend on the way back to Kansas City a business trip in Boston.  I had never stayed at a Club Quarters before and was not sure what to expect.  Upon arriving the staff was very kind and I had no issues with check-in.  When I got to my room I was pleasantly surprised.  Although small compared to other hotels, the room was very nicely appointed and efficiently arranged.  Oddly enough, the "King" bed was actually two twin-sized beds pushed together like they sometimes do in European hotels.  I'm not too picky when it comes to beds, so I didn't mind, but some people might not like that.  My only other point of dissatisfaction was the fact that I did not receive my requested wake-up call and therefore missed my flight after waking up 1 1/2 hour late.  If I would
bubble_40	We stayed at the CQ in October last year to meet up with some friends from Montana. Overall it was OK, however the room we had was tiny, but that said that was the only fault. The price was keen (by NYC standards) and the place was clean and well serviced. The staff were frie4ndly and overall we had a good tiime.
bubble_50	11-14 June we stayed at Club Quarters with my family (my wife and me, daughter, grandmother). The hotel is in a very good location, just one corner to Wall Street, few hundred metres to several subway stations. The building is alike to the surrounding mainly office buildings, but it is clubsize, so the naming quite fits. We had two rooms with queen beds, and for request the hotel supplied one with a rolling bed for our daughter (7 years old) free of charge. Both rooms were immaculate, daily checked and cleaned. The staff was very friendly, helpful and professional. We were impressed. Among others they were able even to help and  communicate with the grandmother, when we left her alone for one night. (She had problems with the keys to the rooms, and we still wonder, how she was
bubble_50	This is my second review of this hotel, this time with photos.  The highlights of CQDT include:  + Great location; 1 block from the 1 2 & 3 lines.  + Only 1 block from NYSE & Federal Hall, as well as the Trump Building.  + Adjacent to the CitiCorp complex.  + Excellent proximity (walking distance) to the WTC site, Battery Park, Statue of Liberty ferry, Staten Island Ferry (free), South Street Seaport, City Hall/Municipal bldg, Brooklyn Bridge entrance, China Town, and so on.  + Lots of great eateries in the area (must try Water Street Deli a few blocks away).  +VERY clean & nice rooms.  Lots of stuff packed into a relatively small room, but it works.  + Queen room includes an awesome bed, desk with comfy chair, 32" flat screen TV, extra sitting chair, wardrobe cabinet, two
bubble_40	Really enjoyed this hotel.  Great location near a variety of subways.  Given the heat wave the great a/c was much appreciated.  Loved the free water and wireless internet.  Also liked having a small fridge and micro in the room.  Will definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	We stayed 1 night at the Club Quarters Downtown.  We really enjoyed this hotel & found it to be a great choice for NYC lodging.  We did have a difficult time finding the hotel (as others have commented), however, there was construction & 2 of the streets our mapquest directions had given us were completely closed.  it seems that it would've been easy to find if those streets were open.  Parking we ended up finding for free on the street (Cedar St) just a block down from the hotel.  We were there on a weekend & there is no charge for parking during that time.   The room was spacious (in NYC standards) & super clean.  The computerized hotel check in was fast & easy.  We used the complimentary hotel guest computer area to check into our flight with no problems.  We got great use
bubble_40	This hotel is really very good and functional. The ubication is perfect if you want to see the Downtown ambient at first time in the morning and if you go early to bed (because there is no atmosphere in the zone). There's no funny but it's really good if you want just sleep.  The rooms are comfortable, clean, elegant and spacious, I had no complaint.
bubble_50	This hotel is not the most central hotel in New York as it is in the financial district - however it is clean, great quality, good rooms, nice service and provides good value for money. You get satalitte TV, decent sized rooms, air con and full en suite. There is free water, gym, pool and internet access as well as complimentary use of a computer.   Once you have worked out the difference between local and express undergrounds there are plenty of stations nearby.  The area is really nice and has a really nice vibe - its two mins from the stock exchange and despite the quiter location you can still find food or drink into the small hours.   The area is quite on the evening and weekend and you will struggle to find supermarkets or pharmacies 24 hours a day.    It is easy to get
bubble_50	We stay a this hotel while visiting my nephew at NYU.  This hotel is clean and efficient.  They have all the basic needs for an overnight in New York. I like the water conservation idea with a dispenser to refill bottles. The hotel desk staff is very polite considering they work in a very small area.  Johnny Chung (sp) checked us in on Saturday around 3pm, major check in time.  He was very busy and but remained very friendly with a big smile.  As a Hotel Front Office Manager, I can certainly understand the challenges involved.  Nice job!  Nice hotel!
bubble_50	I recently stayed here while attending a conference at the Javits Center (Midtown West). I'd never heard of this chain or this location, but they accepted my Priceline bid.  I was quite pleasantly surprised!   Cons: Location. Beware of street closures on the weekends that can make getting here a bit tricky.  Also the nearby 2/3 train line has service interruptions (no uptown trains on the weekends).  On the weekdays, it is rather congested (not a surprise given it is NYC and the Financial District) which can make getting to a meeting etc. via cab.  Hotel staff will say it should take you 10-15 min to get locations in W.Village and the far West side of Midtown. However, count on 30 +min due to street closures and train interruptions  Outlets in room: great number of outlets on
bubble_50	Very clean, modern room with queen bed, two desks and chairs, and a little kitchen area. Nice sized bathroom included a full bath. Couldn't ask for more! Hotels in New York City are expensive, but I have not seen anything this nice comparably priced. I worried a bit about the location at first, because it seemed not to be central. But it turned out that all the subways leading to the centre, east and west sides of the city converged in one stop (Fulton) a few minute walk from the Club Quarters. We did not eat in the hotel, but found a great place for breakfast one block away (turn right outside the main lobby door). We didn't spend much time looking for dinner places as the neighbourhood was definitely quiet on the weekend. We did have one very nice dinner in a historic pub
bubble_40	We have stayed at this property before and liked it.  The rooms are very compact, but well appointed and extremely clean.  You check yourself in and out which is a huge time saver.  The amenities are nice - bottled water and all!  They have a deal with a near by garage that offers $28 parking - can't beat it!  Quiet location on the weekends.  Very near to subways and a short walk to Century 21 - the best store in NYC!
bubble_40	Hotel was good value compared to other New York rates.  Have stayed in NY four times and was surprised at the comparatively large room size.  Only down side is the walls are quite thin, so I would recommend keeping ear plugs on standby in case you have noisy neighbours, although being a business hotel this only happened a couple of times.  Area is quiet at night so no traffic noise, but still within easy reach of nightlife.  Best part - Wall Street, Broadway-Nassau and Broad Street subway stations only steps away.  It is very easy to connect to anywhere in town from this spot and commuting from the airport is convenient as it is only a short walk to PATH at WTC if you're flying into Newark and isn't far from E train for JFK.  Fantastic!
bubble_30	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters Downtown NY for a few days, since it was our first trip to New York. We checked a lot of Hotels online befor our trip and were shocked about the prices and when we read the reviews at Tripadvisor, we were even more shocked how much money you have to pay for such fithy accomodations. So we decided to book the Club Quarters, since it had good reviews and the price seemed to be okay for a room with private bath.  Actually, we really liked it. It was not above average, not for that price, but it was clean, it was comfortable and had a good location. We were just a few steps away from Wallstreet, Broadway and Ground Zero.  The check in was a bit strange, though. They had an electronic system, which didn't work, So it was not possible for
bubble_20	We pre-purchased a room at the Club Quarters Downtown for 4 people - my wife, myself and our children.  However, when we arrived at the room, we found it to be small with only 1 queen-sized bed - for all of us.  When we advised management, thinking it was merely a mistake, we were told that there were no other rooms available to accommodate us.  When asked how they would accommodate the number in our party, management said they would provide a full-sized rollaway.  While not what I paid for and not what I would expect in a smaller-than-normal room, we agreed to give it a shot.  What arrived was not a full-sized rollaway, but a twin-sized rollaway to sleep two children!  When we inquired about the full, we were told that the twin was all that was available.  Going to another
bubble_50	We stayed at the Club Quarters Downtown in mid-April. There are many nice extras that we enjoyed. There is a room off the lobby that has magazines, newspapers, a TV,  couches and chairs and a couple of computers with printers, handy if you want to print out your boarding pass! There was also a room with computer and printer on our floor, a water dispenser complete with plastic bottles to take with you while you stroll the city, and a guest services closet with extra pillows and blankets if you want them. We also noticed that the two desks in the room had 4 or 5 plugs each, which I'm sure would be appreciated by business travelers. We were upgraded to a suite at no charge and were very happy with the room. The bathroom was fairly spacious and we had a view of a church out our
bubble_20	Aside from its great location, the hotel lacked any charm or class, a far cry from a typical 3 star hotel as it was advertised.    The room was small and cramped, with just enough room to squeeze between the bed and your suit case.  The closet was conveniently converted into a bathroom, while an Ikea style wardrobe substituted for the closet.    The bed was sub par, and unless you enjoy the feeling of coil springs jutting into your back, the floor would provide a more comfortable nights rest.  Need an extra blanket? Don't call the front desk, instead a "Guest Request Closet" located in the hallway is supposed to have just what you need, but did not.  One feature I did find quite convenient is that you could request an exercise bike be delivered to your room as an alternate to
bubble_40	My daughter and I took our first trip of the year to New York!! The Club Quarters Rockefeller Center was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! The room was small but great.  If you're looking for big it's not the place but it is walking distance to everything it sits in the middle of all the attractions.  The staff was great, they knew where everything was and were very friendly.  I will stay there again!!!!!!  Thanks for everything
bubble_50	We planned our 3 day stay in the Club Quarters D.T. after the research on this site. Price/Quality match very well. It's a business hotel but tastefully decorated. Actually for NY standards the hotel was above average (otherwise you have to pay double).  We booked a standard room but upon arrival we asked if we could upgrade to a suite (and paying for the extras) on the last night of our trip as it was for us a romantic weekend NY. The friendly assistant told us the suite was available for the whole weekend and we could take it for all the 3 nights we were staying and all this for no extra costs. We were speechless but loved the deal. So we strongly recommend this hotel for their excellent service!! Additional info: see other guest reviews, as they are all true... Location is
bubble_50	Great Place.    Very nice and clean.  Modern business look.  You get more than a little hotel room.  Our room (a standard) flat screen TVs, fridge, great bed, sink in room and in bathroom.    Also there is a nice room to relax (off of the lobby) on the first floor (with free internet) and an attached bar.    The location (near Wall Street stop) is great.  We were there Sunday night.  It was quiet, safe and Monday morning was excitingly busy but not annoying.  You are just down the block from Trinity Church and a 5 minute walk to the WTC site and St. Paul's.
bubble_50	After doing much research as to the best place to stay during my weekend trip to NY I'm happy to say the Club Quarters Downtown was a GREAT choice!    To begin with the front desk staff was very helpful & courteous upon check in & check out.  Upon entering my room I was pleasantly surprised.  Even though it was small, it had everything you needed...Closet (big enough to hang clothes & store your bag), a desk, club chair and a very nice (comfortable) bed.  The bathroom was also small, but still nice.  The only downfall to staying at the Club Quarters Downtown during the weekend is that the financial district is DEAD...Literally!  You will have to be resourceful with planning your daily activities, or either take the subway to Times Square or China Town.    Other than that I think
bubble_50	Lived there 22nd to 28th of dec-07. Good standard on our two rooms. Nice staff. Excellent location. Two minutes walk to subway.  Deli within reasonable walkingdistance. We had a very nice stay would definitly stay her again
bubble_50	We are fans of Club Quarters, having stayed at their Midtown location about five times before.  This time, however, Midtown was booked up, so we stayed at their Downtown location, right by Wall Street.  My husband had stayed here a couple years ago and didn't like the location as much as Midtown, because it's further away from a lot of the sights of Manhattan, and the area can be a bit dead at night.  However, the Wall Street area is now starting to be a bit more lively at night, and there are a few restaurants open in the area.  One of the unexpected benefits of the quiet neighborhood is that it really was quiet -- I've had trouble sleeping before in hotels in midtown because of the noise outside, and that wasn't a problem down by Wall Street.  I think the windows were
bubble_40	I like this hotel. The subway 2 and 3 lines are on the same block, just around the corner. Make sure you use the entrance outside on weekends.  The rooms are pretty spacious compared to the Hudson and Holiday Inn Express. We were able to leave 3 large suitcases opened on the floor during our stay.  It's a good location if you want to visit the statue of liberty or brooklyn bridge.  The service is somewhat subpar. There is suppose to be complimentary water but we never saw any. We saw people from other floors coming to take the water from ours. There was also no soap when we arrived.
bubble_40	I would strongly recommend the Club Quarter New York.  The price / value ratio is very good and since the location is in Manhattan, the access to little Italy / Chinatown and the whole city is very good.  Rooms are Europe size but clean and employees are helpful.  For the great price (by New York standard) we had we were very happy.
bubble_50	Outstanding-Gorgeous room, free water in the corridors on each floor, friendly reception staff.  Not too much options for dining around Wall St but lets face it the subway is so close and handy why would you restrict your dining options to one location.  We moved here for the last four nights off our visit after staying in midtown and we preferred it here. Bigger room for the price and we actually got a view and some daylight coming in to our room. I am writing this review to highly recommend this hotel to others.   The hotel even provides a list of local takeaways that will deliver and there is a lovely jewish shop 5mins away for food.  Do not visit the irish bar down the road!
bubble_10	Club quarters (at least according to the manager I spoke to today) will not allow non-members to cancel reservations.  Ever.  Never mind that a blizzard is preventing us from reaching NY, or that our family has spent over two weeks there in the past two months.  This is definitely a "members-only" club, and non-members booking through web sites show stay away.
bubble_30	I think the title of this review says it all - this place isn't bad, but its not especially good either.  I will try and expand as follows:  Good points:  1) Got it for $185 which is cheap for NYC 2) Near to subway - 1&2 lines 1 min walk, 4&5 lines about 5 mins walk.  Walking distance to Staten Island ferry and generally easy enough to get a cab if you walk down to Water St nearby.  3) Not as quiet at night as we'd feared - which I realise is slightly contrary to the previous reviewer.  There are some slightly contrived bars and restaurants at the South Street Seaport which is quite nearby - it also has a few decent shops (including Abercrombie and Fitch) and a museum, etc.  Worth a visit if at a loose end.   We also had an amusing time one night when we stopped in at a bar on
bubble_30	My wife and I booked a one night, Saturday stay a little less than 2 weeks before our East Coast trip last July (can't wait for another!).  It has very modern although small, rooms complete (at least on the third floor) with VERY vaulted ceilings (30-40'!?!) & a queen bed with a nice built-in-the-wall headboard, swing-arm mounted 32" LCD flatscreen, easy WiFi access, and nice furniture amenities.  Everything is very strategically placed in order to fit into a tiny space, but we packed 2 weeks worth of summertime luggage in there w/out tripping on it, so it works.  The small, modernized bathroom had a shower only which was missing the vinyl curtain, so the clothe one gets soaked & sticks to your legs while you're showering. It's quite hard to get a room w/a decent view, but on
bubble_40	My husband and I booked a room at Club Quarters at the last minute for $171/night, as we were visiting family who live on Wall Street. It's literally less than a minute's walk from the 2 / 3 Wall Street subway stop (which conveniently goes direct to the Port Authority Bus Station) and a five minute walk from the Wall Street and Broadway subway station. There's a pharmacy across the road and several markets within easy walking distance.  The check-in staff were friendly and efficient. Somehow the booking had been messed up (we booked using booking.com) but this was quickly taken care of. We didn't try the hotel bar, but it looks quite nice.  I'd say it was definitely value for money, considering I've stayed in much less impressive places in NYC for more. While this hotel isn't
bubble_30	This is hotel is in a great location if you want to be in the Wall Street area.  The hotel is generally quiet, and there's big drug store just across the street but I don't think it is 24hr though.  The hotel lobby isn't big and grand, but the front desk service is fairly quick and professional. Nothing chirpy like you get in southern states, but efficiency and politeness is good enough for me. There's a lounge just beyond the front desk. It has a TV and couple of Internet PCs that guests can use for free.  The rooms have wireless signal so your laptops or phones with WiFi can access the Net too. I wish the rooms have a small electronic safe though.  There's no bottled water in the room, you have to go down the hall to a water dispenser to get your own. I like the cordless phone
bubble_40	We looked for a sat night hotel at the last minute and found this one on Orbitz for about $250 incl. taxes.  I was a bit worried but read the other reviews here and decided to go for it.  We were pleasantly suprised.  Great clean and stylish room and quiet (Since it is in the financial district and nothing much happens down there on weekends, so if you are looking for a lot of nightlight you'll have jump on the metro which is literally 1/2 block away-Wall Street).   Our only complaint was that a few of the blinds were bent.  Would stay there again in a minute.
bubble_40	We stayed here for two nights  this weekend using the NYU preferential rate for families of NYU students.  The quoted price of $194/night (before taxes) was good for a New York hotel, and the room, although by no means luxurious, was absolutely satisfactory and included free internet.  I requested a room with two beds since I was going with my teenage son.  We were given a room with two twins -- apparently there are no rooms with two queens.  Again, not luxurious but very satisfactory.    We did the express checkout thing where you run your credit card through and the printer spits out your bill.  I did a quick run-through before we left the hotel and noticed that we had been charged a $15/night extra person charge.  I took the bill over to the front desk and asked what this was
bubble_50	I agree with previous reviews you shouldnt pay $400 for this hotel. Im from the Uk and I paid less than $200.  Considering it location, price, facilities it is an excellent hotel. For me it was a crash pad fairly central.  Im my view if you came to see all the sites in New York your going to likely take the subway anyway. So taking the subway to the centre is not that much.  Close to Wall St the hotel is definately not luxury but its a good clean hotel and our room had good facilities. We found the front staff very helpful and stored our luggage safely due to a late flight.  Would endorse
bubble_40	First of all, check different dates before booking!  I keep reading how people spent $400 and $300....we spent $189!  Hotel was great, comfortable, room was small but not cramped and it was VERY quiet!  No problem with check in/check out....Location is awesome....we walked to chinatown for dinner and in the morning had a stroll over the Brooklyn Bridge and coffee at the South Street Seaport.  Only complaint is due to the fact that it is in the wall street/financial district, a lot is closed on Saturday nights.  The hotel bar/restaurant closed VERY early so we couldn't have a nitecap before bed.
bubble_50	I was very happy with this hotel. The location is great, close to the stock exchange, Battery Park, and easy subway access. The hotel was clean, well maintained, and of all things quiet (rare for NYC).   I felt the rate was quite good for the level of hotel quality and service, if you can call the rate for any hotel in New York good. One of the best things was they have these bottled water dispensers in the hall were you can fill a provided water bottle with ice-cold water. Kind of silly I know, but I had just spent a week camping in the humidity of New York, it was a perfect touch.  Nice lounge downstairs with a large TV and two computers for guest use.  I will return.
bubble_20	We were given a different room than ordered. We confirmed and ordered a room with two beds, yet we were provided with 1 queen bed. After complaining with the manager (and given the run around for 15 mins) , we received a different room with 2 twin beds. The room was very small (10 by13 feet) , beds were soft, and the room service was slow. The only positive thing was that the room was clean and most attractions were within walking distance or the subway. I would stay here again if the room was only $200 a night.
bubble_30	Clearly not more than a three star hotel, if that.  The check in/out process can be described in one word: Dumb. I cannot figure out what management is thinking in having this "self check-in". My room was supposed to be a suite. On the door it said "Executive suite". It was a long room, about the size of my garage with taller ceilings. There was one bed and a love seat (which was supposed to be a sleeper sofa but was not). No furniture to speak of...strickly a suitcase on the floor place. It was relatively clean; a stain or two on the bed covering is all.  There were 2 towels, no washcloths, and one shampoo. The shower was good, perhaps the one good point. The noise from the street was incredible (4th floor). There was free bottled water in the hallways; a plus. And then there
bubble_50	I was really impressed with CQ. The room wasn't huge but if you want huge in Manhattan you need Trump's bank account. We had two people (and a fair amount of luggage) and I didn't find the room cramped at all.  For less than I'd pay for a standard motel in the suburbs of Melbourne we got a very clean, quiet room, we even had a decent view!  Staff were very friendly and helpful. Only downside was having to loop the block a few times to find it.  Would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	My two best friends and I booked Club Quarters downtown through expedia for an awesome price! We arrived early to the hotel and were able to check in at 1045 in the morning. The hotel was out of bottels for the filtered water so they gave us Fiji water to use. Not bad at all! The 1 and 2 train were probably 200 feet away from the hotel. This was really nice late at night when you don't want to wonder around getting lost! If you are looking for another train just ask the front desk and they are great at giving good directions! Stayed at the hotel for  nights with NO problems! On the last day our flight did not leave until the evening but check out was at 11 in the morning. The hotel will hold your bags for you without charge until you come back. WILL STAY HERE AGAIN!
bubble_50	I stayed here for 2 nights in June.  This location is fantastic, it's just off Wall Street and great for shopping and sightseeing.  It's easy to get the subway up to midtown for more sights.  This is one of the cleanest and most comfortable hotels I've stayed in on a budget.  Everything looks great, the room had a flat-screen TV and you can help yourself to anything you need from the closets they have on every floor.  It gets very very quiet in the evenings and on weekends - we got back at 9pm and could not find a restaurant anywhere that was open.  Had to go to a deli a few blocks away.
bubble_20	I stayed here for one night this past weekend. As others have said, it is very clean and the rooms, though tiny, are well appointed. I was also impressed with the front desk staff--efficient and pleasant.  The problem was that the hotel was completely sold out for the weekend and I don't think they are up to handling that kind of crowd. The poor bellman was running himself ragged, the front desk phone was ringing constantly, and they were running out of things like pillows (yes pillows) and water bottles. Many of this weekend's guests were parents moving their kids into the NYU dorms. So, lots of families sharing rooms. Hence the pillow shortage.  Another issue--the bar closed at 8 p.m. on Saturday night. After having dinner in the Village, we decided to go back to the hotel for
bubble_50	I looked everywhere for a hotel and they were the best deal. Bottled water was awesome. Rooms were very nice for NYC. Everything was super clean. Semi nice view. Two subway stops near by. Quiet at night bc of financial disctrict. Very safe area. The people were nice and helpful. The bathrooms were also very clean. While I was there I tried to look for downfalls and I found zero.
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel on August 1, 2007 for business. I loved it. It was very quiet, the room size was great. There was plenty of room for a rollout if I had had a guest with me. Was the room huge? No but no rooms in NYC are and I've stayed in smaller rooms. But, these are not rooms that are going to hold two Queen beds either. They have great lighting choices, 2 chairs (a great desk chair and a "dining" chair).  There were some paintchips around the bathroom door on the floor but that was the only negative. I never felt that it was unclean in any way and there was no odor of any kind. I didn't hear anyone or anything while I was there - maybe it was because I had the A/C on. The employees were very nice. The lounge was a nice place to wait for friends with coffee/tea in the
bubble_50	Second stay at this hotel, this time we brought some friends along, so we booked a suite through Expedia at a terrific rate, especially for Manhattan (185$ a night). As requested, the room had a queen size bed an a pull-out sofabed. It was large enough for a party of 4, and was clean as usual. We had a drain problem on the first day, but it was fixed right away.  Overall, we believe that this hotel is under-priced for the quality, and especially for NYC, a place where hotels tend to be expensive . It is located just around the corner from Wall street, and the subway station is a good 30 seconds walk from the doorstep. Needless to say that the neibourghood is very safe, and quiet on week-end also because not many people live there.  The Club Quarters downtown caters mostly to
bubble_50	We spent the Fourth of July Holiday weekend at the Downtown location near Wall street.  I read all of the reviews before I booked the hotel on-line, and I was cautiously optimistic about all of the 4 and 5-star reviews the hotel had received.  But those who had stayed there before us were right on target.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  Staff was helpful and polite.  Just two minor issues:  First, the rooms are not supplied with fresh linen and towels on a daily basis.  They are supplied every 2nd day in order to save costs and be "environmentally aware" (unnecessary water usage, detergents, etc) and Second, as you are just down the street  from Trinity Church, the Church bells ring on the hour during daylight hours--kind of tough if you are a light sleeper--especially
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed at this hotel after booking it through hotwire (as it is a members only hotel - must have a membership or use one of the discount sites). Got it for $150 per night inclusive of all taxes.  I was a bit skeptical, but the room was very clean and very modern. It is not a hilton with a lot of frills, but still very comfortable. Each room had its own electronic thermostat, they have chilled water and bottles available to take with you on your trip into town. Flat screen tv. If you drive, they have a deal with a local parking garage where it is a little "cheaper" though still expensive to park in the City.  A little tough to find on your first go around, but location is fine.  Walking distance to southstreet seaport. Cabs are tougher to come by on weekends, but
bubble_50	My husband and I were in NYC attending a family wedding and this was the first time we had stayed at a Club Quarters. We were very pleasantly surprised. We got an unexpected upgrade to the Executive Suite and the room was very nice. The decor was definitely masculine, which my husband quite liked as a change from the usual floral decor we find in hotels. The dark wood, granite counters and plasma TVs (two of them) were quite the hit. The sleeping area of the room was rather compact with a well-designed bed with small, built-in night tables,  cordless and wired phones and a clock radio that had a jack to play any MP3 player through.  The bathroom was also very compact, but extremely clean and well equipped. The water pressure was very good. In fact the entire room was extremely
bubble_40	Stayed at the CQ in March 2007 for a "city weekend" - dining, sightseeing, etc.  Booked through Priceline, for 135 per night .   Hotel was clean, rooms were spacious (as compared to a couple of the trendier hotels I have stayed in in NYC) although mirror space was at a premium (two women trying to get ready in 1 room might end in a catfight, but my husband and I managed to work around each other), location was excellent.  Not a luxurious experience, but certainly would return.  Bathroom was small, not a lot of storage space, but the bedroom was large, clean and comfortable for us.  We did not spend any time in the room, other than to sleep and get ready to head out for our next adventure.   Another bonus was the location.  While we were away from most of the popular tourist
bubble_50	Great big, clean modern, comfy rooms. Friendly staff, good price and great location!  We chose the hotel mainly because of 2 reasons: first was the hotel rating on the Tripadvisor (far better rating than Holdiay Inn and other hotels in NYC) and second because it was on the approved list of hotels in my company. Although the website is nothing to be proud of, we trusted the reviews and could not agree more!  We booked 4 double superior rooms, got 3 superior and one normal size but was acctually a Penthouse. All rooms were very large, even the smallest one, absolutely clean, very comfy beds and pilows, nice LCD TVs. The kitchenettes are great, the self-make coffee machines too, the superior rooms even had large sitting areas with sofa and additional LCD. The price was very
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I booked this hotel from Expedia for the night for 85, it was somewhat last minute so I didn't mind paying a little extra to stay somewhere nice.  Literally 30 seconds walk from the Stock Exchange the reception might seem a little unprepossessing due to the small area, but the staff were friendly and helpful.  We had paid for a standard room, but then as we searched for our room, found it was in fact the executive suite! Therefore it makes it very difficult to rate the quality of a standard room as this was a large corner room with great views, nice bathroom, supremely comfortable bed and large seating area - both with large HD tvs.  The location is obviously a little distant from Midtown, but the Subway is only a minutes walk at most. All in all if you can
bubble_30	My husband and I visit NYC quite often.  On our most recent trip we decided to use the points on his credit card to save money.  We chose the Club Quareters Downtown (steps away from Wall Street), as it was in a familiar location to us (we typically stay at the Millenium Hilton).  The hotel itself is average.  The front desk staff is fairly pleasant and check-in was quick.  We were in a hurry after check-in so I did not make much of the fact that when we got off on the 5th floor it smelled of smoke.  I figured that it must be a smoking floor but not all rooms are smoking.  We dropped our bags off quickly, not really surveying the room at left.  Upon returning very late that night we realized that the room was itself a smoking room (outfitted with an ashtray etc) and definitely
bubble_50	This hotel was amazing. The room was impeccably clean and the bed was super comfy with nice expensive sheets and fluffy pillows. I happen to be a germ a phobe and not once did I feel like cleaning a thing-the housekeeping is terrific! The staff is super nice with utmost professionalism. This has got to be the best hotel stay in NYC we ever had. They have flat screen t.v's and since it's mainly a business hotel it was super quiet on our weekend stay. Bravo Club quarters!
bubble_40	I stayed in this hotel with my father who came to visit me from Sweden. I was a bit hesitant to book a hotel so far away from Times Square and Midtown, especially when the reviews I read said everything around is closed on the weekend. However, we had a great stay. The rooms are a bit small, especially the bathroom, but it is after all NYC. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The subway is right around the corner and it was very easy to get to so many different locations all over Manhattan. We could also walk down to Battery Park and take the first ferry to Statue of Liberty in the morning (recomended since the lines get very long, and book your tickets in advance online). South Street Waterfront is also walking distance and has a variety of restaurants, shops, great
bubble_50	My wife and I are from London and just got back from 4 nights at Club Quarters Downtown and we were really happy with the room, service and location. The location some might say is a bit out of the way, as most people stay midtown near Times Square, but for me, being not 50 yards from the NYSE and the spot where George Washington (look for his statue on Wall Street and read the plaque underneath it) was inaugerated as the first President of the USA was great. Yes at the weekend it was quiet, but in a nice way, still lots of tourists and people milling around, but on the weekdays it was buzzing with real New Yorkers buying hotdogs and going to work. Getting uptown was 15 minutes on the 2/3 subway from outside the hotel door. The room was very nicely decorated in a modern style
bubble_40	Stayed at Club Quarters last year with my mother, we really liked it. We booked through Expedia and got a nice room, with a queen size bed and flat screen tv. The bed was very comfortable, with new linens. The bathroom was large and looked very good. Overall, the room was very clean and nicely furnished in a contemporary style, for NY standards it was quite spacious! We were in an upper floor and didn't hear any noise from our window, which faced the street. We got a good rate because the hotel caters to finance professionals during the week, so they have vacancies during weekends.  The location is great, incredibly close to the subway, also Battery Park is very close for a nice walk.  On the downside, there aren't too many dining options in the area (but we went out for dinner
bubble_40	The Club Quarters Hotel Downtown is pretty much what you would expect from this genre of hotel. It would be too far a stretch of the imagination to call it luxurious, but on the other hand, it isn't down-market either. My room was exactly as the candid pictures indicate, though contrary to some of the reviews on this site, it was actually fairly spacious. It had all the facilities you would need for the average business trip (minus only a room safe), and it's main selling point - the location - just cannot be beaten. The commute to nearby Water Street was a matter of minutes, rather than the standard half-hour plus from Midtown (on a crowded subway train!).   On holiday, it's perhaps not the best place to stay. The hotel and its surrounding area are much quieter at the weekend,
bubble_50	This hotel is perfect for couples looking for a weekend getaway or anyone travelling for business!!! The hotel is used for businesses during the week and is open to the public on weekends. We got our room for $159 a night and let me tell you it was worth a lot more!  The room was contemporary and designed well. There was a flat screen tv (loved it!!!) that looked to be about 26inches. The bathroom was immaculate! There wasn't a tub, instead a shower stall, which was perfect for New York because you don't really need to take a bath while you're in the city. We also stayed on the top floor so our ceilings were about 13 feet high!! It made the room feel huge! (I can't say whether the other floors had ceilings that high.) They did a great job designing the rooms and made the best of
bubble_50	Booked this through Priceline and we had a great room. Located right near the World Trade Center Site and Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island ferry and right in the heart of the Wall Street area. Rooms were very clean and up to date. We even had a flat-screen television in the room. They only book through Priceline and Hotwire unless you are a "member" so I guess we got lucky!
bubble_50	On my last trip to NYC, I stayed at the W Times Square.  To be perfectly honest, this Club Quarters compares favorably and it's a MUCH better value!  The rate was $189 for a single with a queen size bed; the W was something like $349.  The hotel is on a  quiet side street near the Stock Exchange.  The room was small, maybe 100 sq feet  - but my room at the W was the same size  this is Manhattan folks.  Still, I had an outside window, the furniture was new & high quality, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom well appointed with high quality fixtures and a granite countertop.  The hotel is around the corner from the 1 local and the 2 & 3 express trains uptown.  The bar is nice and the hotel rate for a garage around the corner on Liberty Street in $25 for 24 hours (just get
bubble_40	We went for a long weekend to NYC to see a couple of plays and meet some friends. The hotel is wonderfully located in dowtown, surrounded by different subway stations, being the 2 and 3 the closest. The room for two has been recently renovated (Ikea style). Despite being small, it was comfortable. The best deal was to get the reservation for less that $150 via Expedia. We'll definitely go back!
bubble_50	Price, cleanliness, room size, modern conveniences, proximity to the subway, and a good shower are all priorities with me. This Club Quarters has everything, especially an excellent price for Manhattan. This is the 4th hotel I've tried and while I prefer the West Village for interesting walking around, there are no reasonably priced hotels in that area. This is the hotel NYU recommended and I am happy they did. I will return.
bubble_50	Stayed here 12/18/06-12/20/06 for $113 per night via Hotwire.  Very nice room - clean and nicely decorated.    We got a room with 2 twin beds. They were extremely comfortable with warm cozy comforters.  I should know, I got a 24 hour flu during my stay and spent a whole day in NYC in my hotel room bed! :-(    Great front desk service - extremely helpful and friendly.    Am going back to NYC in April and will probably stay there again.
bubble_40	I booked Club Quarters from the reviews on trip advisor and because I wanted a hotel I could afford in Manhattan over the Christmas period.    I travelled with my parents who are quite old so comfort was a priority for me.  Check in was quick and easy. I was a bit worried after reading some of the other reviews that I would get charged an additional $15 a night as we had 3 people in our room.  As booked the hotel with expedia I did not have this problem and we did not incur any extra charges.  Make sure you confirm this before checking in as they will charge you for every extra person in the room.   Rooms were very spacious with 3 of us in the room there was more than enough space to move about. The bed was nice and comfortable but unfortunately I found the pillows a bit too
bubble_30	We stayed at the Club Quarters in the Financial District for one night last week.  This hotel is hard to find if you are driving!!!  Parking is two blocks past the hotel in a private underground lot ($25/day, no in-out --$35/day if you have an SUV -small or large). Be sure to let the parking people know that you are to get the hotel discount, or else they will try to jack the price to $46.  The hotel is very clean and secure (elevator access to guest floors require swipe of room key in elevator), but rooms are super super tiny!  The bathroom, also super small (I could not share the mirror w/my hubby) could use a little scrubbing around the tub tiles/caulking, but all in all pretty clean.  Flat screen tv that got all the local and cable stations that you may want to see.
bubble_40	The rooms of this hotel seems to have been recently refurbished: nice, modern, clean with reasonable price for NYC. Conveniently located near wall street metro station, from where you can easily go to midtown.
bubble_50	This was a comfortable place with well decorated rooms.  The staff were friendly and willing to chat.  The location was convenient and the price was excellent value.
bubble_40	We have just returned from a Saturday and Sunday night stay at the Club Quarters located on the corner of Wall Street & Williams Street. The hotel quality exceeded my expectations for the rate we received in the middle of December in New York.  (Typically hotel rates during the holiday season are outrageously expensive.)  I'm a pretty easy going person, I call myself adventurous, but particular and a little bit of a Princess when it comes to where I plan to sleep and shower.     The location is a key selling point.  Right near NYSE and walking distance to Ground Zero.  Though we were in the midst of the city, the hotel is tucked away on a one-way street and therefore contributed to a peaceful and tranquil stay.  It is conveniently located near the subway, a drug store, and a
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel with three of my girlfriends. They could only offer us two twin beds or one queen bed and a cot for the extra fee of $15 a night which we were not too happy about (I will never again book anything through priceline we were charged additional fees because pricline only accounts for double occupancy) when we arrived the staff was very nice. The room was tiny, but spotless. Flat screen t.v. and private bathroom, cofee pot, blow dryer. Four girls with all our luggage was a bit of a hassle in such a small room (no real closet) but we worked it out. The location was great very quiet during the weekend but during the week a lot of hustle and bustle being in the financial district and all. There were two subways near by although the closest one only runs often
bubble_50	I booked this reservation through Priceline for the weekend of November 4th and 5th.  I ran the NYC Marathon and didn't want to spend a ton of money to stay a couple nights in NYC.    I was hesitant about this hotel from the beginning because of the difference in price compared to other hotels in NY.  I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived Saturday to find a very nice hotel located in a great area of town.  The room wasn't large, but was perfect for what we needed.  It was clean and had a flat screen TV with plenty of room to dress and relax.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  The bathroom was small, but fine for the 2 of us.  The staff at the front desk was very helpful with any advice you may need on getting around NY and the best places to go.  Check-in and check-out
bubble_40	I stayed here with my daughter and husband for a long weekend in NYC.  We booked through Priceline and I think we got a good deal considering the prices in NYC.  The room was clean and seemed newly revenovated.  I was expecting a tiny room since everyone I talked to said the hotel rooms is NYC are small, but this was bigger than expected.  We had a queen bed and got a rollaway for my 2 year old daughter.  The hotel was close to the subway, our main mode of transportation.  I also felt like we were in a safe part of town.  We weren't coming back to the hotel too late, maybe 9 at night.  We didn't spend too much time at the hotel.  Everyday we slept, got ready and went out.  We never came back to later that night.  The only thing is that this area of town is pretty quiet on the
bubble_50	I have stayed at Club Quarters multiple times, and will continue to stay here when I can.  I have stayed in many hotels in the NYC area, and I have to admit, that for the price, this place can't be beat.
bubble_50	After reading several reviews, I was hesitant to stay at the Club Quarters but the choice of relatively affordable places to stay over the holiday weekend were limited.  The room was very nice with a queen size bed and what looked to be a pretty new, remodeled room. The room was clean, the staff was courteous and friendly. The 2 and 3 lines are located one block south (just be sure to check the schedules before you go, especially on the weekends). There is a fitness center, vending machines and ice machines on the 3rd floor and there are plenty of places nearby that will deliver should you require room service.  All in all, a great place to stay!
bubble_50	This is the place located at the intersection of william st and wall st. I rented a room for 1 day around the july 4th weekend. It was pricey compared to other hotels, but the rooms were very clean and nice. I would stay here again, but i would look for cheaper options if available.   The best thing about this place is the location. Its only 20 mins subway away from times square and barely 10 mins walking from the WTC site.
bubble_40	My husband stayed in this hotel for 10 days while I just joined him for a long weekend. Overall we liked the hotel and the room. We stayed in an efficiency room w/ a kitchenette. It also had great bedding!, Queen sz bed, small table, 2 chairs, a desk and another stuffed chair. The room was a nice size, not huge, but worked just fine for the 2 of us and a lot of clothing & luggage!  The bathroom had a tub/shower combo contrary to a webpage I had found about ammenities and rooms.      The location is good - near subway stations, amazingly close to Wall Street, and a great short walk to South Street Seaport.     The staff on the other hand was professional but not the most outgoing or helpful. They would give you directions & basic info but as far recommmending restaurants, sites
bubble_10	We stayed here last year, I guess before it was open to the public, but my company had an account.  My husband and I hated it. We stayed at the penthouse (and as an another reviewer stated) the room wasn't special and actually seemed sub-par. Our blinds were broken and the room was overall very shabby.  But the real problem was the location. I used to live in NY and thought ok this trip let's give downtown a try. Never again. It's a ghost town on the weekends and really the only time I feel unsafe in NYC is when I'm alone on a street, which was pretty much a constant around the hotel. It seemed like a 20 minute walk just to get up to Chinatown.
bubble_50	Club Quarters opens its rooms up to non-members on weekends. I never stayed before, but I will if I can now.  My subway (#2 or #3) from Penn Station let me off across the street.  I was checked in quickly, effieciently and with a smile (even though they were dealing with mobs of pouting Euro-types).  I've stayed in literally dozens of hotels in NYC over the years, and I think my room was fairly spacious, it was well appointed, internet accesss was fast, HDTV on the wall, VERY comfortable bed, and I LOVE the fact that  hallway closets store irons, blankets and as many coffee packets as you can drink, which is a mark of genius (I hate being left with decaf!).  The room and bathrooms were a tiny bit banged-up, but were spotless.  Check-out was just as easy with an effiicient clerk
bubble_50	I had a great time here.  VERY CLean and neat and safe.  I really enjoyed staying there better than the Ramada New York that I stayed at last time.   Loved the fridge and microwave in the room.  Very quiet!   Big room for NY.  I will stay here again!
bubble_40	We were very happy with Club Quarters Downtown as a value-type of hotel.  We were glad to have a quality place to stay in NYC without spending a fortune.  Yes, the room was not big, but not tiny.  This is New York, not exactly the place to spend all your time in a hotel room!  It was extremely clean, and had a recently renovated feel, with a flat screen TV.  The bed and the pillows were superb.  The staff were friendly and happy to help with directions. There is a living room space on the lobby level that is comfortable.  We would stay here again.
bubble_50	The hotel was wonderful.  It was beautiful, the bathroom was clean and nice.  The bed was comfotable.  The television was great.  The room was very spacious.  Snatch this hotel up before they relize that they can up their prices.  The location was good, safe area, great local resturants.  Great guest service right when we walked in the door, very very very nice.
bubble_30	I liked my stay at this hotel. The only problem that I had was when I reserved the room, I told the lady over the phone, two people would be staying and I wanted two twins. When I went to check in, they said they had a Queen bed and a rollaway bed and that they were going to charge me an extra $15 because there were two people. I was mad! She didn't charge me but it was frustrating because I didn't get what I asked for. Oh and another thing, the guy at the front desk didn't tell us to use our key to use the elevator. So we got on the elevator all confused and it took us to the 10th floor and we had to use stairs to get to our floor. To other people, it would have been common sense to just use the key but we weren't use to that. But other than that the room was clean. Small but
bubble_40	Club Quarters surprised me. I loved the newly remodeled rooms, very clean and even though renovation construction was going on it was very quiet and peaceful. The staff was polite and helpful.  The location is awesome! I am glad I chose this hotel and passed Grandmas offer up to stay with her in her roomy brownstone. Please book now before they realize that they could be charging more.
bubble_20	There is always at least one disgruntled customer on these review sites, and I am that person.  I did not expect this place to be a five-star hotel and I know you get small rooms in NYC.  For those who decide to stay there anyway, you can find a decent quick breakfast around the corner on Pine or Wall, depending on what you want.  I didn't eat at their restaurant, but it looked overpriced to me.  Also, the location is great.  Very close to two subway lines.  The desk staff were kind and helpful.    Now the problems.  I thought I had scored when they gave me a room on the penthouse floor.  It turns out that the rooms up there are the same as anywhere else in the hotel.  But there are some hassles.  Only one elevator goes up to the penthouse floor, and when you are up there and
bubble_20	I stayed there for three nights in November 2004 and was wrongly charged for those nights as my partneer had paid for our stay. After a few days my card was finally debited but then again, in February 2005 my card is charged again for the 3 nights! They had to reverse the charges.  Now, I'm checking my card statement today, Nov. 3, and guess what?? Again a new charge to my credit card on the anniversary of my stay for the same three nights of one year ago. Unbelievable but true! Three wrong charges in one year. Will they continue to charge my card every anniversary of my stay?
bubble_40	Club quarters takes overflow from places like the Yale Club, Princeton Club, etc., and we were booked there by our local club in Hartford when the other associated clubs were full. It was very nice, clean, comfortable and spacious room, with small sink and cabinet and coffee set-up, two nice wardrobes,  table, several chairs, tv and internet connections (neither used by us), shower instead of bath. There was a small lounge with TV, a bar and restaurant which served an ample buffet breakfast for $17 each. The crowd looked like college or alumni; nice looking people. Very convenient to the 2,3,4 and 5 subways, so you can hop on and get uptown easily. We would go again.
bubble_30	Room was small but clean.  Deadbolt did not work on door and TV reception wasn't the greatest.  However, it suited our needs and was within walking distance of alot of things.  Subway is close.  Wall Street is around the corner.  Not alot of eating places open in the evening but can walk up a few blocks.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Internet access was available so that was handy.
bubble_30	We just returned from a fabulous trip to NYC.  The price of this hotel was unbeatable at $109 per night.  Stayed 9/23 through 9/25.  The staff was very helpful.  The rooms were clean.  When you first walk in to the room - be prepared - they are small.  The beds seem to be full size.  The bathroom is tiny but functional.  There is a desk in the room.  TV set and refrig.  You might want to bring your own hairdryer.  Theirs is a 1200 Volt and got hot often and I had to turn it off and on to keep it working.  Quiet room.  Very safe location.  I loved the ambience of Wall Street although on Sat and Sun - it was very quiet.  Not many restaurants or bars in this area cause of 9/11 - people moved out.  We learned the subway system quickly and it was close.  Just ask the staff which one
bubble_40	Stayed in the hotel for 4 nights spanning a weekend mid-September. Weekend rate was an unbeatable $109 per night for a twin room. For value the place was unbeatable. Yes, the rooms are functional and practical but for sightseeing trips to NY city, how long do you want to spend in the room? The bathroom was compact, but again everything needed was there (shower, hairdryer, coffee machine - a strange thing to find that in the bathroom!). As two females travelling alone we found the hotel safe (room cards are needed to operate the elevators so minimises the risk of anyone wandering in off the street, someone was behind the desk at all times) and quiet. I would recommend the hotel and will certainly use again and rate as above average for sheer value for money, safety and location.
bubble_20	This hotel is pretty disappointing if you are used to the service and style of a normal business travel hotel (Marriott, Wyndham, Hyatt, Hilton).  I wouldn't come back here, I would walk or take a cab and stay further away next time.
bubble_30	My fianc and I were spending the weekend in New York to attend a party.  We didn't want to have to run and catch the train, so we decided to stay in NYC.  In looking for a room, everything was either booked or $300 a night.  I went on Hotwire and booked a room at the Club Quarters Downtown for $105.  I was skeptical since the room was so inexpensive, but it ended up working perfectly for us.  On the up side, the hotel itself was very quiet, check-in/check-out was a breeze, the room was spacious by NYC standards and, though downtown, was very close to the 2/3 line (Wall St. stop) and about four blocks from the 1 line (Rector St. stop).  Also, it appeared to me that several groups of teens/young adults were using the hotel that weekend for a conference, but they were all on
bubble_40	I stayed here for $90 a night which I obtained through Priceline.  The hotel was clean, rooms small, but very adequate.  Bathroom is tiny, but served our purpose.  The staff were accomodating and I loved the location.  The subway was just around the corner, as were Wall Street and the financial district.  A nice quiet location and only a quick walk to the Staten Island Ferry for a free boat ride by the Statue of Liberty.  I would stay here again!
bubble_20	As stated in almost all of the reviews, unless you're traveling solo, do not stay here. This is without a doubt the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in. I've stayed in 1-2 star hotels that were much better then this place. When we arrived and went up to our room I was shocked. The bathroom(toilet, sink and shower stall only) no exhaust fan anywhere as was evident by the stale mildew smell throughout the room. TV on one end of a desk with the dorm refrigerator under one side of the same desk(refrigerator broken) Tried several times to call the front desk, housekeeping, wake up call and every attempt failed. I even tried calling at 3:00am same result. All lines were nothing but busy signals. Tried from my cellphone thinking maybe the phone was also broke but I still received
bubble_50	I visted the club quarters, downtown and loved it !!!!! We only stayed a few days, but for the price and quiet location I could not have asked for a better hotel.  The staff was very friendly and quick to please.  I loved being in the Financial District on the weekend because my husband and I really dont like alot of people, so being here was PERFECT !!!!!!!!!  If I ever go back to New York Club Quartes is were I will be staying.
bubble_30	two couples stayed here on a thursday night. the staff was accomodating - we asked for a room change after we checked in.  the rooms were big enough with T.V. and small fridge and clean. the beds were comfortable for $169  a good deal.   subway right next door.   good downtown location we walked to ground zero then over to city hall and over the brooklyn bridge.
bubble_30	Club Quarters is located in the Financial District, very close to Wall Street, NYSE, Trinity Church, WTC. There's a subway entrance around the corner from the hotel, as well as a yummy place to get a quick bagel (B&Company) next to Starbucks (across the street from the Trump building and the subway entrance). Club Quarters downtown (or as I heard another guest refer to it, "Close Quarters") has small rooms, especially for two people- but since we didn't spend much time in the room, it wasn't an issue.  Free wireless internet access in the rooms (bring your own wireless-equipped computer- they also can loan you or sell you a wireless card at the front desk if necessary). The bathroom is pretty small, with only a shower (no tub), and there's no iron in the room. Each floor has a
bubble_40	Pleasant place for a weekend trip to NYC.  Very close to Battery Park, Statue of Liberty, and South St. Seaport.  Had 7th Floor room - no view or light.  Rooms smaller than average, but clean and quiet for sleeping.  Easy check-in/check out.  Stay here for the value, not the hotel experience.  If on a budget, this place lets you spend more on the unique stuff NYC offers.
bubble_30	I paid $104 for an "executive" room on Saturday night, by far the cheapest rate I could find in Manhattan. The hotel is just off Wall Street, a 2 minute walk to the NYSE. The area is very quiet but also very dead during weekends. The room was 20 x 9 feet, with only 15 inches between the foot of the double bed and the wall. The room was fine for 1 person, but the "executive" rooms are NOT meant for 2 people. The decor was like what you would find in a Hampton Inn or newer Holiday Inn. Everything was clean and simple but bland. The bed was quite comfortable. The bathroom was very, very small and about the quality of a dorm bathroom. The shower stall had only a curtain, but toiletries were provided, and there was good water pressure. A clean, comfortable place to stay, and great
bubble_40	We decided last-minute (week before) to spend Easter weekend in NYC.  So we got the Club Quarters for $125/night on Priceline.  About $150/night with taxes.  We felt that it was a good rate, considering the other rates we were seeing for other comparable hotels on Expedia, etc were $200 and $300 per night!  Club Quarters started out as a "members only" hotel, but now they take reservations from anybody.  We asked about the "club membership", and they said that only businesses can "join", and their members get rooms for as low as $69/night.  Hmmmmm...  The hotel is in a historic-looking 20-story building.  It must've been an old office building back in the day.  But the floors are small, and thus the rooms are small.  But we read about them on this and other boards, so we were
bubble_20	Well, I just checked-in and I'm surprised that corporations would use this hotel for anything but junior staff....  Its like a corp dorm...  no HBO or anything but basic channels, a full sized bed, a desk with a chair that is so low I can't really type... carpet is like sandpaper - so bring slippers or keep your socks on.... room is clean and furnishings are dull and minimal...  there was plenty of hot water this evening... and the bath is OK in my room. I'm here for one night - so its OK..  but for anyone staying longer, consider somewhere else... especially on weekends... there is nothing at all open unless you walk to Broadway for McDonalds. I got my room for less than $100 on priceline... by selecting downtown as a last resort.... but won't do that again... whatever you save
bubble_10	I spent several months at this hotel and was never impressed.  On SEVERAL occasions there was no hot water.  The room was never as clean as it should have been.  Some of my colleagues had trash bags left on their luggage, and found used condoms in their room.  Service is all but non-existent.  Room design was very strange (and small).  It is a cheap hotel in a pretty good location (for downtown).  You get what you pay for.
bubble_20	This is a "no frills...no anything" hotel. But for $139 per night, what do you expect.  Issues: Hot water is something you will miss out on here. There were occassions where there was none or the water temp was "luke warm" at best.  And if your looking for a bathroom with some room, "furgettabotit". In fact, the one room I stayed in had a toilet at such an "unusual" angle that the only way one could "seat" themselves was sideways.  Pillows are another "item" which they seem to miss out on. Their were all "flat" as a pancake.  As for any sort of chair (other than the one they give you for the desk) there may or may not be one in your room depending on which one  you get.  Rooms are simple and basic.  The "closet" is a small "ardmore" style piece of furniture which can allow you
bubble_40	After staying for a few days at Fort Lee, it was soothing to be at the Club Quarters! On top of the service, location and value! The facilities are just as good as any five stars costing 2 times more within walking distance.   Do not expect big spaces!! After all you are in New York! But the limited space is equipped with top of the line EVERYTHING!!  It had become my preferred choice for staying in New York City, as you are right in the center of action without suffering the commotion!
bubble_50	Stayed at Club Quarters in Feb. 2005. It's right next to Wall St and a very safe area. It's very close to several subway locations. The place is neat and clean, looks pretty new (hallway carpeting and room decor). You can't beat the price for NYC. I would definitely stay there again!
bubble_40	stayed 2 WE nights in this hotel beginning of march. although it is clearly an hotel for businessmen, it was very pleasant, big room with a queen bed and a microwave. Access for internet is provided ( 2 computers), it is very useful for a quick web search if you haven't got your own wifi mobile.  I recommend this hotel for WE, well situated in downtown, calm, and price are much lower than week days.
bubble_40	arrived in new york from south africa on the 30th december 2004 and found the hotel easily room was quite small but clean and great for a place to sleep given coffee and a newspaper in the morning and free internet access hotel is right across the road from the subway great benefit location is quiet but nice. hotel staff friendly  the hotel kept my bags on the day of check out till i was ready to leave  all in all a great stay. dont hesitate for the price its brilliant
bubble_30	Stayed at Club Quarters January 2nd.  Was fine - the location is a little TOO quiet there by wall street for us vacationers - next time we'll stay closer to downtown Manhattan.  I liked the free internet available in the club room.  Room was very small, but not unpleasant.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Club Quarters Downtown over Christmas 2004.  The hotel is very clean and spacious for NYC.  Staff was helpful and courteous.  Centrally located to all subways; a block from the NYSE; 3 blocks from Trinity Church.  I think it's great to support that part of NYC and we will go back again and again.
bubble_40	Got this hotel stay on Priceline for $99 (+tax and service fees) which I think is very good for a Sat. nite in NYC one week b4 Xmas!! It is very easy to get to via Subway( 2 or 3 line) and easy walking distance to the South Street Seaport, Battery Park, and the World Financial Center. Check in was quick and smooth and I was given a room upgrade! The room was spacious and as clean as you can expect from a hotel . There was a small fridge, microwave, sink/ countertop/ cabinets/ utensils/ coffeemaker in the "kitchen area." The bed was a full size and there was a very nice sitting chair. One plus is that you can open your windows and there was a cool view of a small church and a huge sculpture in an office Bldg. courtyard. There was a decent workout room also. I didn't use the
bubble_50	I needed a hotel and couldn't find one for the life of me that didn't cost me my first born. I found this gem tucked away in the Financial District. It's one block from the subway and about 3 streets away to find a cab (weekends are very, very quiet there). The staff was excellent, polite, accommodating and helpful.  I would go back in a New York minute!
bubble_50	Club Quarters was a great stay for a great Manhattan price.  It's tucked away in the Wall Street area so there's plenty of parking on the weekends.  The staff is nice, the rooms are small but clean, and the automated checkout system is really helpful.  There's a club room with free internet access and computer use as well as a fitness center in great condition.  Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
bubble_50	Great place to stay downtown.  Got a great rate on Hotwire.  Room very spacious, especially for New York City.  Loved the free high speed internet access.  Would definitely stay there again.  Highly recommended.
bubble_40	Very clean and safe. This property was clean as a whistle and felt very safe. The location is very convenient to  South Street Seaport, Ground Zero and the Staten Is Ferry, there is a subway stop at the end of the block and several others within two blocks. I found it very easy to find, has a large American flag above the doorway. Free wi-fi internet access or you can use computers in lobby. I would definately stay here again. Also the mattress was very luxurious and comfortable.
bubble_40	Club Quarters Downtown was a pleasant place to stay.  Our room was on the 10th floor, and was easily accesible by high speed elevators (3 of them) and 2 sets of stairs.  The room is spacious and clean; well worth the cheap price, especially for 3 student travellers.    The only complaint would be the size of the bathroom.  No bathtub, only a shower room, but who takes baths these days while travelling anyway?  Literally, you couldn't fit more than 2 people in the bathroom at once.  No locks on the bathroom doors, which were like closet doors.  The coffee maker was plugged in the bathroom, which was bizarre.  Otherwise, the service was great, the room was clean, there were lots of features available on the TV, 2 computers in the lobby with access to the internet.    I didn't use
bubble_40	Spent an early summer weekend in NYC for a concert.  After searching through way too many hotels, this one stayed in my mind, mainly due to the price.    I was a little nervous due to people complaining about room size, but hey, it is NYC and the rate for the room is fantastic!  And the rooms are not actually as tiny as people would liek to think.  Maybe you can get a bigger room at the Holiday Inn in Suburbia USA, but once again, remember you are staying in NYC.  Check in was a breeze, hotel was not hard to find at all.  The parking garage (flat rate $25 / day) was hard to find though! At least for me...  My biggest complaints are the key (you have to use it to get the elevator to work) and the fact that the rooms don't have irons / ironing boards in them.  You have to go to a
bubble_40	Yeah it wasn't the easiest to find, but then again either is a diamond in the rough! Club Quarters doesn't do itself justice on their advertisements. The rooms were small but very clean(paid $78.00/night, all 3 nights from 11-14 Jun Fri-Mon).  Hot water, good water pressure, powerful air conditionings/heaters, cable, in room movies and wireless internet, prompt maid service(if the do not disturb sign remains up all day, they will call in the afternoon to confirm that you don't want maid service), room service along with a complete listing of all restaraunts in the area that deliver to inlcude a couple of 24 hour delis, easy access to subways, Wall Street, WTC, Battery Park.All 3 elevators are high speed; you will wait for 30 seconds at most.  The lobby has a comfortable common
bubble_20	This really is just a cleaner than average 2 star hotel.  Room was taller than it was wide - the ceiling had to be 20 feet up.  Felt like living in a fish bowl.  Room was sparsely appointed (as are all CQ hotels), bathroom was cramped, furnishings were old.  Room was clean.  Location is great, though - right off Wall Street.  You can walk to anywhere downtown from here.
bubble_40	I went on vacation for the Memorial Day weekend, got a little lost in the beginning but it was easy to find it after. Check in was pretty easy and quick.  We went into our room, and it was pretty big. Great view of the Chase building.  Great walking distance to the ferry to Sttue of Liberty, WTC, and right on the corner of Wall St. The subway is right in the corner of the hotel too. Need more info? e-mail me.
bubble_40	For a great deal of $150 w/tax, (Saturday in May)we enjoyed our stay in this clean, semi-quiet room. Due to contruction on near-by roads we were challenged to find the entrance however, once we made our way, we checked in within minutes. The staff was very kind, and also recommended a deli two blocks away for snacks, etc (bottled water). The room was clean, towels were fluffy and it was nice to have a fridge to store goodies in. I do recommend staying in a room away from the elevator if sensitive to noise. We were pleased to find a room at a great price, and good location. We took the subway to Little Italy and Times Square, and were able to walk to Battery Park and Ground Zero. I would stay here again!
bubble_40	My GF and I made a trip to NYC for the first time for Valentine's Weekend 2004 and I searched high and low for a great service and looking hotel for a cheap price (in NYC standards). I got a good deal on Club Quarters Downtown for about $110 a night plus tax for all three weekend days. Total came out to be $370 for Friday night, Saturday Night, and Sunday Night. I think that was a great deal for three nights in NYC and on VALENTINE'S WEEKEND. As for the location, it was off of Wall Street and William St. within the financial district, so there wasn't much going on that weekend. The Subway station is really close and you can always catch a cab off of Water street. The room and room service was great and the lobby managers were decent and friendly. Each room has a TV, spacious
bubble_40	A nice place to go if your a business travler who wants to be literally on Wall St and next to the NYSE and for the tourist who wants a quiet and relaxing atmosphere. Room is decent size for a NYC hotel room, and each room has its own bathroom/shower unlike some other hotels in the area. Went there for New Year's, great price... Subway is right down the block... Road construction around the hotel make actually finding and then getting to it difficult. But all in all, great experience.
bubble_40	The trip started off excellent, being greeted with an awesome staff. I arrived early in the am, and a room was ready so I was able to checkin on arrival (yeah). The rooms are small but I didn't go there to have a party in my room, the party is in the city. It had everything you needed to prepare for a night out on the town. I would stay at Club Quarters on every visit to NY. And I can't say enough about the professional staff. Keep up the good work. I'll be back.
bubble_20	We were there the weekend after the black out.It was very hard to find the hotel. The street outside the hotel was under construction and you could see huge rats running around. The rooms were small but nice and clean. Unfortunately, we were not warned that there was no hot water because of the black out. We would have been prepared or cancel our trip. No compensation was given to us.Overall, if you dont mind staying in lower Manhattan, the hotel was very nice for the price.
bubble_40	Clean, quiet and friendly. Hotel also has a fantastic restaurant (Bull Run). Too bad more New York hotels don't run like this one.
bubble_30	If you need to be near City Hall or Pace University, its a great location to stay. Just off Wall Street, this place is for the business traveler who needs to be near the finance companies. However its a great location if you need to visit Brooklyn also. Subway is just a block away. First time visitors to NYC, this place may not be for you.  Great deal for around $100-$130.
