bubble_50	Rooms big for New York City and coffee and tea available in lobby area.  Great location in Soho a block away from Little Italy and China Town.  Subway a block away.  Highly recommend for families, friends and couples.
bubble_50	Great central place to stay, away from the riffraff of main stream tourists. Close to metro. On the border of Soho, Little Italy, & Chinatown. Great shopping and restaurants everywhere. Dcor is eclectic, plush, & artsy. Historical building. Nice lobby to chill. Loved the brick wall room with minimal industrial mix.
bubble_50	Much more than we expected. Would without a doubt, return. Convenient location. Friendly staff. Hotel rooms and property very clean and well maintained. Lobby coffee on the greatest, but not bad in a pinch.
bubble_50	Sohotel was amazing!  The rooms were huge (208 and 210) and very clean and comfortable.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating and location was perfect for Soho shopping. We would recommend this hotel highly!
bubble_40	If you are looking for a boutique-kind of hotel, this is one! The rates are reasonable. It's a walk to the Brooklyn bridge and you are in the Chinatown area (if you ever like Chinese food)! There's is also a bar next door if you ever decide to stay late.
bubble_50	We wanted a nice room in a good location! We weren't going to be in our rooms all day, but we still wanted a comfortable feel! Rooms in New York are small, these rooms are small. We were prepared for that, and it didn't bother us! The room was very nice with a boutique feel. The only suggestion I would make would be adding another mirror in the bedroom so multiple people could get ready at the same time. The employees are all very nice and extremely helpful! The location is perfect and close to all the subways! No need for a Subway to go shopping! We had a fantastic stay!
bubble_50	Enjoyed staying here, everything was great. From check in to check out, it all went smooth. Clean and great service. Location was good and we are definitely looking at staying here again in our next visit. Keep up the standard and highly recommended. You wont be disappointed for sure.
bubble_50	Great location. Walkable to lots of attractions and easy subway access. Loads of restaurants, cafes and bars around. Stylish hotel with friendly staff. Service was efficient with online pre/post check in/check out. Some noise from neighbouring rooms but no real problem
bubble_50	It was very pleasant, near everything and the staff help us when we ask anything. The decoration is beautiful, in style NY! When we need informations for subway or help to find a church to see Gospel autentical. When we leave, they call a taxi, perfect, confortable, good price and very sympaticall The man in the hotel help us to keep the luggages In conlusion, we recommand Sohotel to every one
bubble_30	Nice hotel, good location,NO elevator. We had a fourth floor room which is totally unacceptable without being forewarned at booking. This information is hidden in their terms and conditions. Who reads those? And then, no room service! At 70+ how do you go out and carry stuff back up four flights of stone stairs? Nice hotel, but not practical if you are over 60.
bubble_40	right near Little Italy in NYC and access to all of SOHO. Staff is great, they are extremely helpful and friendly.  They helped me find a breakfast spot open at 6 am so I could eat before I started work.
bubble_30	Great location in Soho, but the room we stayed in is in need of a renovation.. The loby and lesure areas is great but we got a bit disturbed by the vending machines outside our room when people were extreamy loud when they succeded in bying a very late night snack..
bubble_20	I truly dislike having to give poor reviews, but I think prospective visitors should know what they may find at Sohotel on Broome Street, NYC. First however let me recognize two great folks who work there: Amanda at the front desk for her courtesy and for correcting her front desk colleagues errors in terms of holding an extra $250. deposit for my reservation on a pre-paid stay. Amanda was delightful, listened and investigated and corrected the error for me and a business partner I was traveling with. Next was a gentleman named Singh who is kind of the jack-of-all trades from greetings to carrying luggage up 2 or 3 floors - yes there are no elevators here. But Singh was always at the ready to help and with a smile. Other folks were pleasant but at times inept - ask for extra
bubble_50	Fantastic location, clean and tidy, great facilities but no lift, but best off all are the staff. They couldnt do enough for us, carrying our bags to our room and booking a taxi to the air port. Locally theres great places for breakfast and evening meals, the subway is on your door step and you are away from the tourist crowds and get a real sense of New York mixing with the locals.
bubble_50	I visited New York with my two teenage daughters (aged 18 & 16) and we loved the Sohotel.  It was really well positioned and just what we needed for our 3 day trip.  Our room was quite small but was edgy which the teenagers loved - lots of exposed brick and pipe work - with 3 big comfortable beds (filling most of the available space) so none of us had to share a bed.  Our only criticism was the bathroom which was TINY and quite scrappy (hence 4 stars).  We could barely fit one of us in there, let alone 3 of us (and we're all quite small).  Other than that, it was a good experience and I would definitely recommend.
bubble_40	Reasonable priced hotel and typically small quarters for Soho. The beds were comfortable, and the room was clean except for some mold growth on the  bathroom ceiling and shower corners. Linens were soft, towels ample, and for such a small room, there were plenty of places to hang things - even room under the beds to store our suitcases. I was happy to go out (in my pajamas) to the lobby in the morning to grab a cup of coffee, but disappointed to find there was milk but no half & half. There is no restaurant inside the hotel, but we did take advantage of the restaurant (the name escapes me as I type this) out the lobby door to the right. My daughters and I grabbed some wine, chips, and a bowl of the most expensive guacamole I've ever had at a $28 price point - pricey even for New
bubble_50	Cool trendy hotel, great friendly staff who are happy to help and comfy beds and clean rooms. The location of a perfect base to explore Manhattan, great restaurants / bars shops. Close to subway. Definitely be going back
bubble_50	This hotel form just the perfect base for a NYC experience with a lot of unique "non-mall" shopping opportunities and cosy relaxed restaurants and bars within short walking distance. Family rooms are not big, but nice and clean. No breakfast option at the hotel, but plenty with neigboring restaurants.
bubble_50	Recommended by my sister who has stayed here before. Great hotel in central but not too central location. Easy to walk to Brooklyn Bridge and over to Time Out Market and Dumbo area for both day and night time trips. Easy walk to Ground Zero and Spring Street or Grand Street subways.     Five nights. Excellent toiletries, underfloor bathroom heating. Very comfy bed and sheets. Fabulous Mr Singh on hand to help.  Must waft air freshener everywhere as always smelt nice. Lots of eating places nearby. All in all fabulous. Only downside was having to get dressed every morning to get my cup of tea from downstairs to take back to room. Very helpful arranging surprise very yummy birthday cake. Great bar next door who always looked after us well and Italian Piacere two doors down.  Easy
bubble_40	Nice location and friendly staff at this cosy hotel that has a brilliant location in the middle of the Soho area and near the Lower Manhattan, Brooklyn and Williamsburg areas. We can recommend this place but be aware that some noice should be expected
bubble_40	Quirky decor, very friendly and helpful staff, well sized room.  Also encourages fitness with its lack of an elevator :-).  Bars and restaurants close by but not in the hotel, great base to explore the history of a great city.  Would definitely stay again.  For us the lack of a bar makes it a 4 not a 5.
bubble_30	Found a big hair ball in my room. . Not very nice... Other than that, OK. Good location and pretty friendly staff. They did however take money from me at to times. I assume this was a miss but it is not meant to happen!!!
bubble_50	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Sohotel.  The lobby was beautifully furnished in a very cool way; our room, although not huge, was cleverly laid out, with enough room for our suitcases, and comfortable beds.  The staff were all really friendly and helpful.  We enjoyed the tea and coffee available in the lobby.  It was great to be able to leave our suitcases early before we checked in, and again after checking out.  The only issue we had was the unexpected bill for "services" (which was not even that steep, but we were not expecting it).  It is mentioned on their website, but we had not noticed it.
bubble_50	Sohotel is my go to hotel when I'm in NY. Excellent location, spacious rooms and bathrooms and comfortable beds. Bathrooms also have heated floors which is pretty amazing on chilly mornings.  The staff is super friendly and there is tea and water available in the lobby all day. There are excellent restaurants right around the corner. The Egg shop, Two hands and the Butchers Daughter are all within a block of the hotel. Down sides: No elevator so make sure you leave room for that extra cardio at the end of the night.  Some rooms, particularly the ones facing Bowery are a little noisy so if that's an issue mention it to the staff when checking in.
bubble_50	Lovely historic building with good size rooms. Three of us stayed here and found it very comfortable. Not easy to find 2 QUEEN beds in NYC so this was a good find. Great choice for good restaurants and bars. We will look forward to our next visit.
bubble_10	The room was large, had a twin room but it was twin doubles. The bellhop who dealt with our bags was lovely and very helpful. BUT Everything else was awful! There was no lift and the reception was up a very big double flight of stairs. The stairs had these spotlights on them that shone directly into your eyes as you tried to walk up/down the stairs - they were blinding. The room was on the first floor and was directly above the entrance to a bar. There was also a toilet in an alcove that jutted a few metres into our room that was used all throughout the night (presumably by staff?). The room was so loud with bar noise and the toilet door/flushing that I got maybe 2.5 hours sleep over a 12 hour period. When I told the receptionist about the noise and that it was awful to be able
bubble_40	Great hotel. Pleasantly surprised. We had 2 double beds and a single bed for just the 2 of us so made the room feel bigger than it would have been with just a double bed. Lovely quirky hotel. We enjoyed this area. Bit far out from the Centre but suited us.  Would definitely stay again
bubble_40	Stayed here for 5 nights. A really lovely building with a lot of history. The staff were always really polite and the guy that carried the suitcases was a real asset to the hotel and had a great attitude. The decor is quirky and the room we stayed in was fine. The maid service was fantastic as the room was kept spotless by them. The hotel is in a great location with a great couple of bars next door and a Mexican restaurant attached. There is no lift in the building and the stairs can be a bit hard going at the end of a days walking in NYC. Mulberry street is just around the corner for little Italy and loads of great restaurants. We would stay here again. To the staff of the hotel,keep doing what you are doing because your customer service skills are fantastic.
bubble_50	I hadn't been too New York in over 20 years.  While trying to find a place, I wasn't sure where to stay, I'm so glad I found the Sohotel, I was surprised with the building, our room, location, and the staff was amazing.  I have recommended this place to all my friends in Texas.
bubble_40	Great area lots of choice for eating out.Although breakfast is not provided, coffee and tea were available in the morning and there were loads of places within walking distance to eat.Steak and eggs at The Grey Dog on Mulberry Street was excellent
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed at Sohotel for one night a few weeks ago. We were in town for the San Gennaro festival and sightseeing.  I will start with the positives about the hotel. * I've encountered friendly staff at many hotels before but there is almost always an element of fakeness to the friendliness. At Sohotel, the staff is GENUINELY friendly. They were helpful and sincerely wanted us to be happy and to have a good vacation.  * It has a unique, warm, and comfortable atmosphere. * I prefer boutique hotels and this is definitely a boutique hotel. * Room was clean and well appointed * We had a junior suite, and paid handsomely for it, but it was a nice size. Worth the money for a special getaway. * We ate at only one of the onsite restaurants - the food was delicious. Priced
bubble_50	We was staying here for one day. It as vary comfortable, clean hotel. We was staying for one day. We walk around a lot. There are no breakfast in the hotel, but There are places around to have a breakfast.
bubble_50	Such a great experience- warm welcoming staff. Great room amenities and location. Will definitely stay again!  Restaurant was excellent room was spacious clean and quiet. Great all around. Thank you!  See you soon!
bubble_50	This is supposed to be the oldest hotel in NYC, which of course has gone through several name changes. It is right in the heart of Little Italy and China Town. The rooms are about the size of a shoe box and expensive, but then again, that's just NYC for ya. There are no elevators, but the staff carried luggage to the second floor for us. There are several restaurants right next door to grab a quit bite or drink.
bubble_40	The rooms can go from one extreme- nice and spacious to another extreme- really lousy. We booked our room via hotels.com and we had to upgrade, but the upgraded room was only available for two night, then we got moved to the regular room. The upgraded room was nice, spacious, but on the fourth floor, a lot of stairs climbing since there is no elevator. The regular room was a disaster, so they moved us to more decent room.  The location is fantastic! Would I stay there again, I am not sure.
bubble_40	fabulous location, great vibe... would have liked coffee facilities in the room other than that all good. Staff were friendly and attentive. well placed for great eateries and nightlife. easy to access the rest of NYC
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at this perfectly located hotel. Plenty of restaurants, bars and shops downstairs, room and bathroom were a bit small, and there werent any closets, since we only stayed for a night, it was fine, but if youre planning on staying for longer then 4 nights, it will feel a bit tight..
bubble_20	When I was showering there where several hairs of other people laying in front of me.There also was a piece of tauge on the bathroom floor. When I was packing my suitcase after 1 night. There was a ball of hair and dust that came out from under my bed. Overall I dont think you can ask high prices for a room if its not clean.
bubble_30	Cool hotel in Soho not far from the food of the Manhattan bridge. Common areas are really cool and trendy. We were staying in a 3 person room and it was small and a bit random ; it didnt really fit the decor or theme of the common areas of the hotel and there was no wardrobe or place for your luggage (there was a hanging pipe on the wall which hangers were placed on for clothes) - the aircon is super loud but the shower is nice and the hairdryer is good in the bathroom! There is no free water in the room or tea/coffee which is a bit annoying but overall the hotel was good and in a good location. At the end of the day we spent hardly any time in our room (we literally just slept there) so it served its purpose.
bubble_10	Sparse room. No phone. Muggy unless you upgrade to a room w/ central AC. No elevator. We had to Walk up several flights of stairs with our luggage. No restaurant onsite. We found a bug. The amenities were less than acceptable.
bubble_10	lobby looks hip/ extra charge/ poor room condition. / dirty shower / low water pressure/ extra small size room like hostel/ super over priced/ not located soho inside china town/ dark surroundings/ not for comfort stay
bubble_20	Stayed there, thankfully, only for one night. The queen rooms are not the pictures on, e.g. booking.com, but with bathrooms with broken tiles and mold, see pictures.  When I queried this, I was told that they know the pictures on booking sites are wrong, and that it's the site's fault, not theirs. I beg to differ, you are mis-selling!   Asking to be switched to a newly done room, I was told  that they can't change me because they are overbooked in this category.  Great service (not)!
bubble_50	Very nice stay for the price and location- Clean and comfortable. Has a charming and nice feeling overall and very quiet for NY. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Easy access to Soho, lots of restaurants and great shops nearby!
bubble_50	Love this little hotel.  Comfy beds and pillows, always clean rooms, conveniently located to Little Italy and Chinatown, and chocolates at the end of the night.  What else could you want?  An elevator maybe.  We usually stay on the 4th floor because we need a refrigerator and they're only available in the upper level rooms, so climb the stairs we do.  Still worth it.
bubble_40	great design of hotel and rooms, nice restaurant just downstairs, missed breakfast, friendly personal and perfect service in arranging what so ever, no noise from outside but try to avoid loud neighbours
bubble_50	I lucked upon Sohotel based on a friends recommendation. The next time I need to go to NYC, I will be checking there first. The accommodations were fantastic, the staff extremely helpful, and the location (4 blocks from Little Italy) was perfect.
bubble_50	The Sohotel is the perfect location for experiencing New York City. Close to restaurants, subways, Canal St and the staff are amazingly helpful and friendly.  We booked 2 family rooms which were the perfect size for our large family of 9.  Highly recommend this hotel and will stay again next time we are in New York.
bubble_50	Amazing room in a great location; heated bathroom floor was an unexpected treat. I would definitely recommend Sohotel to anyone looking for a great room in lower Manhattan. The only caveat is that there is no elevator
bubble_50	Very good staff service. We arrived at late night and we had a very good treatment. The position of the hotel is perfect, very close to every part of the city and all his attractions. Nice style, elegant and charming
bubble_50	The Sohotels location is just fabulous - near so many great restaurants and bars. We were 5 adults staying in the family room. The room was clean and comfortable. A bit small but what else is new in nyc. We had a great stay and would definitely recommend!
bubble_50	It was a beautiful hotel. The location is perfect. The staff is very friendly. The rooms are beautiful. There is a restaurant and a beer pub in the same building. The wifi works great. Please note there is no elevator in the building.
bubble_50	Great staff. Friendly and welcoming from the moment you walk through the front door. Rooms are large and neat and tidy. Very clean bathrooms and plenty of towels for a family of five.Location is also great. Near the subway system easy to follow and great directions from the staff.
bubble_50	Very stylish hotel and a perfect location! Room was very spacious, albeit I reserved a bigger room. Staff was most helpful (for example, with printing documents, adding towels and toiletries). Hotel has bar/restaurants that are both fun and tasty -- and not noisy in any way. Location -- 2 convenient blocks from B and D subway, by China Town and Little Italy and walking distance to anything in lower Manhattan and across the Bridge to Brooklyn -- is perfect. Note: no elevator.
bubble_50	While trying to book the hotel at the last minute (the night before), this hotel caught my eyes. Luckily, I was able to book Sohotel for the last two nights of my 3-day short trip to New York.  I arrived around 11am but I only waited for about 45 minutes for them to get the room ready. The front desk staff were very friendly. The ambiance of the hotel was very young and unique. I had a standard queen room. The size of room was small, but it's New York and it had pretty much everything I need. The bed was very comfortable, AC was very good (especially 95 degree when I was there), and the internet speed was very fast. I would definitely stay in this hotel again.
bubble_50	We stayed at Sohotel for a quick vacation.  We have stayed at several places in New York and this was our favorite.  Our family had a great stay at Sohotel.  They are one of the few hotels in the area that have family rooms for more than 4. Thanks!
bubble_50	We take our son shopping in NYC every year for his birthday.  We have stayed a a few hotels in this area, and this by far was the BEST!  We will absolutely stay here next year.  The staff were so nice and helpful, every single one of them.  The only down side is no elevator, so if you need an elevator, this is not the hotel for you.  Also the beds were on the the harder side, so if you are looking for a soft bed, this isn't it, however they were fine and comfortable.... just on the more firm side.
bubble_30	I was so upset I could not get early check in both times I visited this establishment. Sometimes its not just the location, it is about trying to accomadate your customers that really leaves a lasting impression .I highly doubt returning to this hotel.
bubble_40	Great little hotel in amazing location.  Make sure to request a room on a high floor if you are staying on a Saturday so that you don't hear the night club in the basement.  Music plays until 4 am!!!!!!
bubble_40	Stayed for 4 nights while vacationing in NY.  Clean, competitive cost, convenient location and friendly staff.  No fridge or microwave in the room unless you choose the room with those amentities when booking.
bubble_50	Staff was great at helping with directions and recommendations for restaurants. Bell hops were very helpful and friendly. Staff was friendly. Would definitely recommend this hotel and will defiantly return. Close to Chinatown and little Italy was a plus
bubble_50	Great location close to all the best restaurants, shipping and nightlife. Awesome rooms and bathrooms. Really nice boutique hotel. The next time I come to New York I will definitely be back. The staff was so nice and accommodating. Loved the lobby decor!
bubble_30	I was visiting NYC with my son and while we had a terrible room the first night, we upgraded (USD 50) the next night and it was a total different story. Great room. Staff is ok. Location is awesome. If you get the right room this place definitely is a good pick!
bubble_50	Great Stay overall!  My family and I loved the location.  The reception area was so fun and easy to hang out in.  I wished the room had been a bit larger.  Also, I thought the traffic noise might be an issue because we were one floor above the ground, but it was not.  It was actually fun to people watch from the window.  Definitely will stay here again.
bubble_50	A bit further out but what you lose on the walk to Times Square etc you gain with a great hotel at a nice location, two minutes walk to subway at grand st, and a very nice hotel that accommodated a family of five. You are also next to Chinatown and little Italy for numerous dining options.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed staying in the Sohotel. The rooms are not that large, but very clean and everything is in it. Although no elevators, staff is very helpful with bringing luggage up stairs. Location is terrific nearby shops and restaurants.
bubble_50	Funky hotel with excellent location between Chinatown and Little Italy, stylish interior and good service. The rooms are small but comfortable and the beds are great! Second time we stay here and will definitely stay here next. Highly recommended
bubble_50	This is our second stay at this hotel in a 5 person family room. The rooms are a bit small, but when in New York you are not doing anything else than sleeping in the room anyhow. Location is great close to Chinatown and Little Italy, and also within walking distance of Brooklyn Bridge and the financial district and Union Square.  Will probably be back next time in town.  The service from the bell man must be mentioned. He is doing a great job with his team, specially since there are no elevator in this hotel, so all luggage must be carried.
bubble_50	We wanted real NY style and that is what we got. This hotel will give you the feel of what it must have been like to stay in NY in days gone by. If you go be sure to say hi to Lucy, a sweet little plant that lives on the landing of the stairs.
bubble_50	I wasnt sure about this hotel- but it was one of the few that could accommodate 5 people. Boy did this place blow us away!  It was immaculate- so clean, no carpets, smelled fresh. Decor was outstanding- made all our photos look fancy! Everyone was super helpful, helped us with our bags, directions and anything we asked really. DID NOT have to ask for towels or cream- it was fully stocked. Theres an extra bathroom on the hallway which came in handy. I loved the location- was close to little Italy and Chinatown, plenty of choices of restaurants, shops, tea and coffee.  Night life in little Italy was amazing!  I would definitely recommend this hotel, and will be returning. As a note, Ive stayed in other hotels closer to Times Square, and New Jersey- not comparable- this was
bubble_40	SoHotel was one of the only hotels to be able to fit us as a family of 5 in the same room (kids age 9 ,11, 13). We stayed here for 3 nights. The history of the area was the resin for our stop. I wont discuss the area (Chinatown and Little Italy, Bowery, Five points etc), it was dirty with a lot of refuse on the streets, smelt very bad and was somewhat disappointing. The food in the area was good and is easy walking distance to other scenic items such as Brooklyn Bridge, City Hall, Federal Court, or up to union square the other way(all no more than 25 min walk with kids) Subway took about 50 mins from Canal St to Coney Island (Luna Park). Anyway everyone wants to see different things so......the hotel..... Hotel was great but small room, we had 2x double beds and 1x single bed
bubble_50	We enjoyed the friendly and helpful staff, as well as the nice room. Since our conference was half day, the hotel being so close to the subway allowed us to see the sights of New York. Great place to unwind and read in the lobby.  Thanks.
bubble_50	love this hotel and will be back.location is in the center of everything i love and the staff and decor add so much value to an already great value! have a drink and a bite at the mexican joint downstairs too. we had a ball!
bubble_50	Staff, location and value was spot on! Thanks for making our trip a good one. Would definitely repeat and do it again!! Easy to get around the city without being in all the congestion. Perfect location for subway's, restaurants and walking. Most enjoyable stay:)
bubble_50	Wonderful stay. We took the upgrade which was great. Good quality historic hotel. Staff are so helpful and will help take luggage via stairs for you. Easy commute around town. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	You can go wrong staying here. The rooms are comfortable and the service is exceptional. The staff is more than accommodating you couldnt ask for a better group of people. It is in the best location in Manhattan in my opinion.
bubble_40	It is really hard to find a hotel that will accommodate five.  Sohotel was a very nice find for us!  Sohotel is a boutique hotel, and everyone loved the look of it.  Someone met us at the door when we arrived and took our bags up to our room.  At every interaction the staff was friendly and helpful.  Our room had two queens and a twin.  Beds and pillows were very comfortable.  The space was tight for five people.  No closets, no luggage racks.  The room looked cool though!  The hotel is close to the subway and easy to get to.  We also walked over to Little Italy for dinner one night.  Also, there is a Mexican restaurant on the main floor of the hotel that is delicious!  The only thing that caught me off-guard here was that when we were checking in we were told that there was a
bubble_40	Well located boutique hotel in the popular soho area Easy access to both little Italy & China town Friendly helpful staff Quiet clean rooms  Need to be upfront regarding WiFi & safe access of 12$ a day that should be included in the daily room rate Was great to have access to tea coffee & water but always ran out of breakfast tea every day of our week spent there
bubble_50	This was a last minute trip for me and the Sohotel accommodated me with a very nice room. Staff are amazing, super friendly & courteous. Nice adjacent restaurant which was very convenient as well. thank you
bubble_50	This hotel was close to everything. The room are nice and clean. The staff are very friendly. Ill stay again the next time I visit New York. The location was perfect to the tourist attraction and subway.
bubble_40	In Soho, close to Little Italy and China Town, a wonderful hotel: big room in industral style.  Bed very good, sleep quality high. Big shower in a good toilette. Close to metro stop. 20 minute walking to Ground Zero
bubble_50	A great place to stay. Great location with plenty of places to eat and drink nearby and close to transport. Our room was located at the rear away from the street so it was very quiet even though the hotel is in the thick of activity. The room was not large but was adequate for our family of 5 considering that we were out exploring all day. There are also two lobby lounge areas which provide plenty of space to hang out when needed.
bubble_40	Good location for walking around soho. Quiet room good A/c.  Friendly staff.  Only improvement I would want would be higher shower pressure (but its not dire) and a desk to do a little work from .  We had a premium room but not a suite.  Walk up to the 4th floor might annoy some but we enjoyed the exercise. Mexican restaurant in the ground floor is handy too otherwise no one site dining - again didnt bother us
bubble_50	I've been coming to SoHotel off and on for years - for business or coming in to visit friends (too often lately it seems for memorials) - and have never been disappointed. The location is a great - a short walk to the East River for a stroll, food in Chinatown or Little Italy, and close to a couple of subway stops. Or, if you drive in, easy to get to from the FDR or from Brooklyn. The staff are hugely helpful and are willing to print off documents for you, if, like me, I forgot to print off a speech before I got to the hotel.
bubble_50	We stayed here for one night while visiting NYC with three children. The B/D train is easily accessible getting you to Times Square easily. We had a wonderful time and would highly recommend. Several restaurants and bars are below the hotel and offer many options for dinner and drinks. The room was very clean and the staff was amazing! They held our luggage before and after checkout which was so helpful! We will definitely be back.
bubble_50	Great little hotel if you're looking for a calm, fun spot between the Manhattan tourist spots, all only a train ride away.  Be ready to climb stairs to your room, but the staff are great and will handle your bags easily for you.  Rooms are renovated very nicely.  Had to have staff adjust the AC one night but they respond very quickly to your requests.  European feel as you hang in the first floor lobby and 2nd floor reception area...very cool decor.  Lots of great dining all around including the Grey Dog for breakfast, Piacere Italian right next door, Lombardi's pizza a few blocks away and so many others.  Close to shopping and Chinatown (drop your laundry off around the corner and pick it up the next day!)...you won't be disappointed.
bubble_50	This hotel is perfectly situated in NYC. Close from Little Italy and Chinatown Decoration is amazing. The room was really nice. The staff was very nice and friendly. We had coffee/tea ready every morning. Definitely going back!
bubble_50	Great structure and bones with a some sass! The Sohotel is not like a Hilton where every hotel looks the same. If you want to feel like a New Yorker then this is the place. Fun decor and pops of color.
bubble_50	We had one room for 5 people, the room was quite small, but everything we needed was available. Good beds, clean room, and service was great. Water, coffee and tea at the reception was good, certainly to refresh after a long walk in the city coming back in the hotel
bubble_50	Can absolutely recommend this hotel. Underground (J line) allows you to travel from the JFK in 45 minutes to the hotel, walking distance from a lot of nice restaurants and even in the hotel there are three places that are good options.
bubble_50	We needed a room for 5 adults and the suites in NYC were outrageously priced and many only had room for 4. The rooms were exactly as they appeared in the photos - colorful, big, clean and inviting! The historical building was awesome with a great vibe. I'd definitely go back. On thing you may want to be aware of, if you are on the 200 level, you may hear the bar revelers below late into the night.  If this is a problem for you, just book a higher room - you should be fine.
bubble_50	When my family walked into the hotel, checked-in with the reception desk, and saw our room... all of that worrying went away! The hotel was clean, staff was friendly, and the room was excellent for its price and location! I have been to New York once on a class trip, and I decided that I would bring my family of five as well since I know a little bit on traveling around in NY. The one thing I worried the most is hotel. It was hard to find a hotel that would accommodate 5 people with an affordable price. Most hotels only have rooms up to 4 people. Plus, booking a hotel in a place like NYC makes me feel like I could be booking into a scam or a place that does not actually look like what is advertised. I was not looking for anything fancy but a simple and clean room that could
bubble_40	Hotel is very nice, bed was very comfortable. For five adults in one room, it is well priced, rather than paying for two rooms elsewhere. Area was a bit noisy every night due to the bars and construction work.
bubble_50	Great location and stuff, great atmosphere. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and the hotel is few block from Soho, Little Italy and China Town, so what can you ask more. the rooms are a bit small, but the design is super modern and friendly. Will be back.
bubble_50	The Sohotel is a beautiful, hip, historic hotel in the Bowery section of New York.  The Hotels have operated on this site since the early 1800s.  You enter into a very cool parlor.  But, the front desk is one flight up.  The only drawback of the hotel is that there is no elevator.  But, the staff is very helpful with the bags.  We had a room with two beds and as NY hotel rooms go, the space was reasonable.  The beds were comfortable.  The bathroom had heated floors,  which was so nice on the feet.     You are a close walk to both Chinatown and Little Italy.    Great stay.
bubble_50	We liked this hotel with it's hip/rustic look and the rooms with 3 beds. Our kids did not want to share a bed and it was more affordable to stay here with the 3 beds than to get 2 rooms. We liked the location, about 1 block from Chinatown, 2 blocks from Little Italy and a few blocks from the subway stations. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The morning coffee bar with tea (and lemon water in the afternoon/evening) was nice. The only thing we did not appreciate was the restaurant/bar downstairs with loud music playing on Thursday night until 1130.
bubble_50	Singh,Jenny and the other employees were very friendly, courteous and professional. My family felt at home and safe during our stay at Sohotel. We will definitely book our stay at Sohotel on our next visit in New York.---Jose Bragasin
bubble_50	Our family had an excellent experience.  Staff was very friendly and supportive from our arrival until departure.  The rooms were clean and well kept. The location was ideal with a nice neighborhood feel as well as a center point for exploring the rest of the city.
bubble_50	Found this hotel online with great reviews. Very unique, cool and hip hotel. Great location blocks away from Little Italy and Soho. Staff was extremely nice and helpful. And guys your wives will love this place.
bubble_50	Our family of 5 stayed in a deluxe family room.  The room was clean and quiet.  The hotel is in a great location, staff is helpful, and it is affordable.  I would definitely recommend staying here, and I will definitely stay there again when I return to the city.
bubble_50	I will use this hotel on all my visits as  the service and staff were most willing to assist in any way.  My daughter suggested the hotel because she lives close by.  I couldn't believe how quite the rooms were being in New York.  The three restaurants that are next to it have great service and food.  Thank you..
bubble_30	a cool small hotel near Chinatown, little Italy and soho. a step up from the bare minimums but nothing fancy to see here...front desk staff misinformed us about travel time to the airport so we ended up being there 3 hours early for a domestic flight and paid over $100 for a 20 min ride to the airport.
bubble_20	When checking in I was told there would be a $250 hold on my card for "incidentals."  I asked why it was 3 to 5 times more than other hotels and was ignored.  Then, I asked if they had room service.  No, they did not.  Could I charge in the adjoining restaurant was my next question.  No, I could not was the answer.  Two more questions in and I found out that it was really a "damage deposit" because it was not possible to have any incidentals.  Oh, and since I was using a debit card it would be ten days before I got my money back.  The policy was outrageous and I will never return.  Then, I had the privilege of walking up four flights of stairs carrying my luggage because they had no elevator.
bubble_40	We booked one family room for 5 people for our NYC trip. The hotel location was awesome with Chinatown and Soho within walking distance. The subway was only a block away to get to anywhere in the city. All of the staffs were super friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay with them again and recommend them to others!
bubble_40	Our stay was great, The staff was very helpful and friendly, It was easy to get to the hotel and convenient to load and unload. The room was very clean and the decor was awesome. An overall nice stay.
bubble_50	Super cute hotel with friendly staff and a great location. It was also very clean and tidy. I enjoyed the decor. There are a set of steep stairs to the reception area however they did offer to take my luggage for me on the first floor.
bubble_50	- the average price isn't cheap but you save on transportation , everything is in 10-15 min. walk distance.   -fantastic location , all young cheerful restaurants&bars, 1 block from the New museum and ICP -no elevator but a very helpful doorman - clean rooms and helpful staff
bubble_40	We sought out a hotel that felt like our stay was part of a neighborhood in NYC and not a basic hotel. Sohotel in nestled in a vibrant, but not bustling NYC area. Perfect for families. We loved it!!!!
bubble_50	I liked the clean and comfortable rooms at an affordable rate.  Very nice hotel in Soho with an Industrial style/ eclectic decor. We arrived early and were able to leave our luggage for a few hours while we wandered the city.  There are two restaurants and bars right next to hotel if you don't want to go far.  Otherwise you have Little Italy and China town to choose from.  Would visit here again.
bubble_50	I was a little concerned about this hotel because the picture on hotelstay do it no justice. However, it was a wonderful experience. Location was great and the arrival and departure process was effortless. Thank you.
bubble_10	Woke up to water dripping on our heads which was after dealing with noisy construction in room next door and fruit flies in the room GM not on site so staff couldnt accommodate. Eventually got $100 off and 20% coupon for future stay. Future stay; really??? They didnt really seem to care too much about the issues
bubble_50	This is a comfortable, stylish, always clean and well-serviced option downtown. This is our third time stopping at the SoHotel and we are never disappointed. Very lovely. I love the decor. The beds are comfortable. And the staff is top-notch.
bubble_50	The location is great, as it's nestled between Nolita, Chinatown, and East Village. Great launching pad for site seeing.  Randolph bar downstairs has great beer on tap and the restaurant adjacent serves up delicious tacos and margaritas. Staff was very friendly and the bed was comfortable.
bubble_10	The fire alarm had been broken for at least a day when we arrived. We were not told this upon check in. We discovered it during the night, when we were woken up about every 2 hours by the false alarm. the management made no offers of compensation.
bubble_40	Best location in Manhattan: very trendy and lively! Lots of restaurants and bars around Very charming hotel. Rooms are spacious and beds very comfortable. Our recommendation: Don't miss the opportunity to visit the Tenement museum
bubble_50	Excellent and beautiful hotel. Room was large by New York standards. amentities and turndown service were spot on. Staff were friendly and there are a lot of them!!! The location was perfect for our needs. Only wish the connecting restaurant opened earlier or at least had "bar" service earlier.
bubble_10	Worst customer service.  Rude. Unhelpful.  No elevators. Small rooms. No closets. I will never go back, nor would I ever recommend this hotel to anyone. The only good thing was the Mexican restaurant attached.
bubble_50	We needed to find a hotel on the lower east side, Or nearby so we could stay near my daughter for her graduation. The SOHOTEL fit the bill perfectly. Its cool and upscale with an eclectic feel. We had a nice room with two queen beds for my wife and myself and my son and daughter. It was small but fun and perfect for what we needed. Overall it was a great fit.  And the bellhop was the nicest guy!
bubble_50	really enjoyed the stay, hotel went out of their way with upgrades and length of my stay!!!I wanted to experience the oldest hotel in the city, this one built 1805!! I loved walking to Little Italy and Chinatown, location, the vibe, the no elevator(I never use one at home), little things!!
bubble_50	I've been to NYC many times and I must say, this has been my favorite lodging experience thus far. We had a wonderful time at Sohotel! From start to finish, everything was even better than expected. We arrived about an hour earlier than check-in and needed to leave about 45 minutes after check-out, and both times the front desk was more than happy to accommodate in holding our bags and offering any assistance while we waited for transportation. The room was so beautiful (and actually much bigger than expected), with very comfortable beds, a great view, and lovely shower products. We visited Randolph Beer upon arriving and had some great (and very reasonably priced) beers, as well as Casa Bocado for dinner one night, where we had some killer appetizers and drinks, plus an
bubble_40	Close to restaurants, little Italy and China town. Loved walking to soho, one world trade. Also walked to the flat iron district and visited eataly lots and lots to see and do in this area.  Close to subway.
bubble_50	Everything was anazing! I loved it so much! The hotel was totally fabulous! The interir, the design, everything! And the location absolutely perfect! Loved the area so much and close to ever cool spot! I will come back for sure!!!!
bubble_50	The Sohotel is an attractive hotel and a good value. The location was convenient for walking to many restaurants and shopping.  We enjoyed the pleasant lobby, the staff, and the restaurants.  The heated bathroom floors were a nice luxury.
bubble_50	Have been returning to this hotel for the 8th time.It is a very interesting historical building and done with a lot of taste. The atmosphere is great. People who work here are more or less the same and this is a nice feeling of building up a long-standing relationship.Thy are all helpful, friendly and accommodating. Although the provision of tea and coffee are welcome we wish breakfast was served.At some point (if we are not wrong) tea and coffee were provided for free while now one has to pay a service fee. We think that prices are a bit on the high but we love the place and this is why we keep coming back.
bubble_50	The room was very nice, well equiped, but bathroom needs to be remodeled.. Very good location.  Lots of restaurants in walking distance.  Staff is very dedicated and helpful.  We appreciate the quiet neighborhood.
bubble_30	I booked this place after reading some positive reviews but was surprised that no one mentioned that there isnt an elevator at this property! Not sure how that works with ADA compliance? The rooms are ok- kinda makes you feel like youre staying in a real NY apartment with the wood flooring and brick walls. Beds are really comfortable
bubble_50	King bed rooms are worth the upgrade /price, they are spacious, comfortable and well designed. Wish I could have spent more time in the room rather than being out for business. Note, the twin bed rooms are small, good for sleeping at night but not so much hanging out in, best for kids.
bubble_40	Nice atmosphere in and outside the hotel. I love the location, this neighbourhood is full of lively small restaurants and shops, close to Subway. My room was very small, not a lot of possibilities to store clothes etc. Very clean and friendly people.
bubble_50	Great location and great amenities. Super cute hotel and it was great for our short stay in NYC. The rooms are very small and theres no elevator, however the staff was helpful with our luggage so no problem.
bubble_40	Generally, I would expect a few more amenities for this price (e.g., refrigerator, elevator, nicer bedding) but the location is AMAZING with all the trains w/in a short walk to get to anywhere in NYC.
bubble_50	We really liked the vibe of this hotel - colorful, with an industrial edge to it - maybe the building used to be a factory of some kind?  Anyway, the location was perfect for us, and we were surrounded by great shops, coffee houses and restaurants.  The staff were friendly and helpful, and made our stay very pleasant.  If you have mobility issues, however, be advised that this hotel doesn't have an elevator.  But if you can walk stairs, it's a great, affordable place to stay in New York.
bubble_50	Hotel was wonderful!  Good price, amazing location, friendly staff, comfortable beds, large rooms for NYC.  The hotel had a very cool vibe to it and was very laid back in a perfect way!  Bathrooms were also awesome!
bubble_20	When I first arrived I was so excited to see the most beautiful lobby with big comfy couches and hip, fun decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful but my enthusiasm was instantly crushed when we entered the very tiny room super close to the street. It was noisy inside the hotel and outside, even when we arrived back at 2am! The room was so small you had to squeeze by the desk to get to the bathroom and the beds were very uncomfortable. I wouldn't have minded all of this if the room was around $200 a night, but it was $350 so I expected much more than what I got!
bubble_20	The room was so small I could barely move around.  I couldn't use the shower because it was too tiny. The fan was really loud. They ran out of coffee in the morning.  Too expensive for what you get. Better places nearby.
bubble_40	Excellent location, large rooms for NYC standards. Staff is super friendly with Mr Singh as the best concierge you could wish. Very clean rooms, well equipped bathroom and complimentary coffee and tea in the nice lobby is a plus. Area is super nice with plenty of breakfast, lunch and dinner options. Cons: This is NYC so some street noise is to be expected but this hotel is taking it to another level. Even with windows closed expect a noisy night due to traffic, the bar next door and the guests. We had a 1st floor room close to the reception, other rooms may be less noisy.
bubble_20	I paid almost $400 for a room that was smaller than most ship cabins. The room was 6 feet wide! While the staff was pleasant and the place was clean, the size of the room for the price was not a good value.
bubble_50	We loved this hotel ,  our room was spacious and clean and the hotel staff friendly and helpful. Perfect location for enjoying Down Town. We will return to this hotel next time we visit and also recommend to others.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Sohotel for a 3 day training at the DevaCurl Academy.   For 3 hairstylists to share a room and to each have our own bed was AMAZING!  We loved being able to find a fun, stylish & affordable hotel so close to our academy.  I know this sounds simple, but having coffee, tea and lemon water always available was so appreciated.  The entire staff was so friendly and helpful.  It was refreshing to always be greeting with a warm smile.  Thank you so much and we will definitely be back.  Starla Lisa Musgrove LoneStar Salon Olympia, Washington
bubble_50	We booked this hotel last minute and we were so pleasantly surprised.  The hotel is a boutique gem.  The room we stayed in had 2 queen beds and 1 twin.  Although the room was small it was perfect to fit several of us.  I am told they have larger rooms.  Super clean and crisp bedding.  The only negative at all is there is no elevator so if stairs are a problem this isn't a good choice.  Other than that it is perfect in a perfect area to stay in.
bubble_10	Having stayed in New York on multiple work trips I tried this hotel for the first time and wouldn't stay here again. Not only was the check in and service incredibly understaffed and poor I had the room cost taken from my bank twice and a full week later this left with near 1000 missing from my bank with no support to have this rectified.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel. Friendly staff. Superiour Design.  Music from bars in the building can be very loud at night.  If you want to get any sleep - do not stay at level 2 in the hotel - as for a room higher up in the complex.  ==========================================================================
bubble_50	The Sohotel is a historic and boutique hotel at the same time. Great location within walking distance to Chinatown and Little Italy.  The staff were always friendly and helpful. Reviews will tell you about there being no elevators but the exercise invigorates the stay.
bubble_50	Highly Recommended !! The hotel is really well located. The personnel is really kind. The accommodations are comfortable, clean and chic. Have plenty restaurants near the hotel. We will be coming back in our next visit to NY.
bubble_50	Sohotel is in the perfect location to explore Soho, Chinatown, and Little Italy shopping and dining.  The hotel is very chic and our room was very comfortable.  The rustic brick and wood decor was beautiful and the bathroom was high end quality.  We definitely plan to come back!
bubble_50	Great hotel, nicely decorated, rooms with brickwalls. Room are small but to be expected in NYC. Very comfy beds. No breakfast facility which is a shame but very nice restaurants around. Great location.
bubble_10	Here are some brief notes: Parking is several blocks away, you have to park yourself and haul your luggage.  When you arrive, there are 2 flights of stairs you have to walk up to check in, then you have to haul your luggage up additional stairs.  There was a bell hop, but just one and felt very sorry for him literally hustling trying to accommodate everyone.  We were upgraded to a premium room, there isnt any room to put your luggage except upright and then place on your bed when you need something out of it. The bathroom has zero counter space, so if you are there with friends and need to change or out on make up, you have to put it on the top of the toilet seat..not ideal at all.   The windows are very small so you feel like you are in a small brick box.  The location is
bubble_40	If you like boutique hotels, this one is for you. Located in the middle of Soho and within easy walking distance to Little Italy and Chinatown plus some unique jewelry shops, we had a great time in this very special historical part of New York City. There is no elevator but the staff is there to carry your luggage up and down the steps. Besides, we all need some aerobic exercise!  Staff really very friendly and helpful in directions, places to eat, how to get a cab or Uber, etc.  Great coffee in the lobby and the dcor is very unique.  Felt like we were in a special place that was both historical and modern at the same time.
bubble_50	Great value, beautiful boutique hotel in walking distance to so much.  Have stayed here several times and always leave satisfied.  Make sure you call the hotel directly for booking as I seem to always get a better rate than when booking on line.  They have very easy to use checkin via a mobile device.
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel and in a nice area but its quite noisy - so Id recommend sound dampening the windows.  Would be great if the hotel itself offered a few more amenities, but you do have SOHO, China town, Little Italy and even Tribeca within walking distance.
bubble_40	The room not ready on time  was not happy the receptionist ignored me all night other people were waiting long time and on booking my room comes with a fridge on check in The room had no fridge other than that  every thing  Schell  very quiet that's good for me   i work all night so I injo enjoy my sleep
bubble_50	The location, rooms, rates, and friendly, helpful staff are wonderful! Everyone was always ready with a nice greeting, great suggestions for restaurants, and directions. The lemon water on hand upon arrival was excellent after a long, sweaty, but wonderful walk for the length of the High Line Trail.
bubble_40	Had a wonderful trip to New York and got to stay in my favourite area - the lower east side (the real new york!)  The staff were super friendly and welcoming, the hotel is very clean, the rooms are a good size and the beds are very comfortable.   I love all the music photography books in the lobby and the general quirkiness of the hotel.   Would definitely stay here again
bubble_50	It was so beautiful and close to all.  We loved it ! We plan on coming again as soon as possible.   We enjoyed the cold lemon water on hand all the time.  Our room was so pretty and the bathroom had heated floors.  5 stars !
bubble_30	The hotel was clean and up to date, and the staff was very helpful. It was cool to be within walking distance of Chinatown and Little Italy, but the nearby nightclubs were so loud all night long. The bass of the music vibrated the bed until 3:30 am. Because of this we wont be staying there again.
bubble_50	Great neighborhood. The room was tight, thrilled that it accommodated a family of five, but very clean. The updated  historic features of the hotel were well done. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The only downside was the outside noise that was very loud into the early morning hours. Great value and exactly as advertised.
bubble_50	This was my first time in NYC, traveling for business. I was very impressed with all the staff. Everyone was extremely helpful and went above and beyond to be courteous. The rooms are cozy but with plenty of storage. Would definitely stay here again and recommend.
bubble_40	Outstanding service and cleanliness. Some plumbing issues in the parts of the hotel with old pipe work. Characterful interior and great transport links to all areas. The Bowery is a fascinating area with lots of history. Quite a lot of road and building works around the area so expect some noise.
bubble_50	It's a challenge to find options for a family of 5 and Sohotel was perfect! The two queen beds and one twin bed were just right. Not a lot of square footage for walking around in the room, but that is to be expected in NYC. The hotel's decor is gorgeous with plenty of comfy spaces for relaxing and resting in the lobbies. The location is ideal. Tons of sights and tastes within walking distance in the nearby Little Italy and Chinatown neighborhoods. Great subway options nearby as well for wherever you're heading to or from in the City. The staff was friendly and helpful with every request. We can't wait to go back!
bubble_50	We loved our stay at Sohotel! It has a very cool style and is in a great location. We were steps from Little Italy, Chinatown and the galleries in SoHo. The JZ subway station was a quick walk. There were tons of great places to eat nearby. The staff is super helpful and friendly. Our room was just big enough - we don't spend a ton of time in the room; we're on the run most of the day and stop in for a quick change of clothes before dinner and to pass out at night after a long day on the go. They have comfortable common lounge areas if you're going to spend some time hanging out. The Park-It right down the street was a great recommendation for parking for the weekend. The guys were really nice and took great care of our car.
bubble_50	The location was the best, close to subway and near amazing food.  The decor is beautiful and the room with 3 beds was perfect for us and our kids.  We couldn't have had a better time or experience.  We felt safe and it was the perfect location.
bubble_50	Very nice hotel. Brick accents are awesome, big tall ceilings. Cool feel with awesome decor. Lots of close food and drink. Clean rooms amd cery comfy beds. Staff was very friendly. Look forward to staying again!
bubble_30	Me and my friends checked in 4 in total 2 rooms, the rooms were not what we had been described by in Booking.com, and can only be described as a hostel with 2 single beds behind each other, we spoke to front desk a gentlemen named Eric, was incredible identified the mix UP and got our rooms changeed and bags moved that morning... my friend also lost his phone in a taxi, the taxi driver demanded money as a reward for returning the phone, yet Eric and his staff refused and continued to call me and other friends to come and get the phone, the taxi driver left yet the staff continued to chase it on our behalf in the end the driver returned and gave back the phone... all down to the staff. The Staff are incredible. so THANK YOU ERIC AND CO
bubble_50	We had an amazing stay at Sohotel. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, the rooms were a great price and were super clean, with large comfy beds and lovely linen. There were plenty of towels and toiletries and the showers were great. This is an excellent hotel and we will be recommending you to friends... thank you Sohotel
bubble_50	This hotel was amazing:  clean, beautiful rooms, friendly and very helpful staff, great location.  I was here with my sister for one night but, when we came in early, we were able to pay a small fee and get into our room several hours ahead of normal check-in. The only drawback was that there wasn't an elevator, so maybe not feasible for someone who can't climb stairs.
bubble_40	Agree with most common reviews.  Great staff, helpful.   Great location near subway, food. Charming hotel.   Very tight quarters.   The worst was tiny shower.  You would have to be a contortionist to shave your legs.   But worse was being on street side on Saturday night.  Bar downstairs noise made sleeping impossible.   Overall I would recommend Sohotel especially for families.  Three beds was great in the family room.
bubble_10	No elevator, tiny room but clean, nightclub downstairs. Staff didn't care at all about the drunk people yelling on the room floor waking up every one. The stay wasn't pleasant at all. No coffee available either. The room is basically the size of the bed...
bubble_40	Recently stayed at this boutique hotel for business In soho if you have to be in this area this is the place to stay! Walking distance to great restaurants , and soho shopping  We did a two queen room and it was very spacious for New York  Service was great however I did have to pay for an early check in approx 40usd to get a room that was ready at 11am I was ok with it and felt it was worth it If were to return to New York I will def stay here again!!
bubble_50	Location is top and the hotelrooms are very nice. Personal is very kindly . The neighbourhood is A mix from China and Italia. Ther are many restaurants and bars. Nice shops and the metro is on walk distance.
bubble_50	I stayed here for work and was very happy with the rooms, which were quite spacious for New York standards. The location couldn't have been better - an easy walk to everything of interest below 14th St.
bubble_40	The first thing you'll notice about the Sohotel is that the lobby isn't on the first floor, and you have to walk up a flight of stairs to get to it.  The second thing you'll notice is that there are no elevators at all in the hotel, and you have to walk up additional flights to get to your room.  (How they're managing to deal with ADA compliance, I have no clue.)  I landed an upgraded king size room.  No view from the window, but that was fine.  The bed was comfortable; plenty of USB ports around the room by the bed and the desk made it easy to plug in everything.  The bathroom had CO Bigelow toiletries, which I regard as a treat, and it also had a heated floor and an upscale walk-in shower.  If you're looking for a fairly priced hotel that a 15 minute subway ride away from the
bubble_50	Cool hip vibe, old subway stairs and sign in the lobby.  Super nice staff.  Clean rooms.  Close to everything that Soho has to offer, little Italy, china town, the Supreme Store and the subway.  No room service, but a coffee and tea bar in the lobby.  Phenomenal breakfast spots all around for great coffee and breakfast.
bubble_50	I have stayed at Sohotel twice in the last five years. This hotel is beautiful and in a great location by little Italy and Chinatown. It is a more quiet area which is wonderful at night. The staff is always friendly and very accommodating.
bubble_50	Close to everything, nice rooms and friendly staff! I would highly recommend The Sohotel for anyone looking for an affordable and nice place to stay in NYC. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience, thank you!
bubble_50	We loved Sohotel! Location is simply perfect with tons of bars and restaurants around and close to the subway. The room was not so big but very clean and comfortable (as in pics) . No closet and not so much space left for luggage but it's fine for few days
bubble_50	Lovely staff and rooms. Would recommend this place to anyone travelling to NYC. The only thing missing was a mini fridge in the room, but that was the only issue with the place. Cutest hotel with well decorated rooms and super friendly staff whom are great with making recommendations about restaurants and bars.
bubble_50	Great hotel, very friendly and helpful staff ,location is great near great restaurants and in heart of Little Italy and Chinatown, it smells so lovely when you walk in. Family friendly hotel. Best Soho hotel!
bubble_50	My cousins and I enjoy an annual trip to New York. This year we choose Sohotel because it could accommodate 5 adults and it was in a great location. Plenty of great restaurants nearby including Little Italy, Chinatown and the Bowery. Pretty much everything was walkable. The hotel was eclectic, unique and the staff was very friendly and room was clean and spacious enough for the five of us. Thank you.
bubble_50	This hotel was in a fantastic location. It was incredibly clean, and extremely quiet. It was perfect for a family and our room had 2 queen beds and a twin which provided adequate room and sleeping arrangements.
bubble_40	One thing spot on about this hotel is everything is extremely clean and staff is amazingly warm. Their basic rooms are tiny and good if you going to stay out most of the day and not staying more than couple of days. They have bigger rooms good for longer stays. They dont serve breakfast.
bubble_50	The hotel is close to a subway station, and many restaurants & bars. The hotel is nice, both the lobby and room. Hard to find a hotel with 3 beds in NYC, as well as at a reasonable price. Despite having a room on the 2nd floor & close to a busy street, it was not very noisy. The wifi was fast and reliable. The shower water was always hot. The coffee in the lobby was rarely good / to my taste.
bubble_50	We decided to stay at the Sohotel because they have family rooms with three beds, which we needed.  However, the hotel was actually one of the best we've experienced in Manhattan.  The decor is very up-to-date and pleasing, the staff was helpful and friendly, and the room was clean.  The location is great, between SOHO and the Lower East Side.  There was a non affiliated parking garage close by, and we could walk to the Williamsburg Bridge.  In short, we have found our "go to" for our annual Manhattan trip.
bubble_40	This boutique hotel is fun and nicely located near more than one metro stops, at the edges of Chinatown and Little Italy. We chose it because it was the most reasonable price for lodging in its class, and we booked direct. Friendly and helpful staff (we arrived early and they happily held our luggage until check-in time while we went out); within walking distance of restaurants and coffee shops. Even the most basic rooms have comfortable beds and fun decor. Perfect for able-bodied guests who enjoy a hip atmosphere. If you're are toting large luggage or looking for elevators/escalators, breakfast on-site, coffee/tea maker in the room, or large rooms, it may not be right for you. The more expensive rooms have more amenities (upgrades are offered for a fee multiple times on
bubble_30	Good dcoration. Nice staff but not always up-to-date about what's going on in the neighborhood. OK enough rooms, clean if you don't look too closely. Very noisy, conversations next door and in the corridor could be heard very clearly.
bubble_40	The hotel is in a great location, staff is friendly and lobby is very cozy! The price of the room of $265.00 was way over priced. Luckily I had points and a coupon from Expedia which dropped the price of the room by about $140.00. The room is very tiny and you could hardly fit walking comfortable around the bed. If you had a large luggage there would be no place to store it.
bubble_30	Location is great.Decor lovely. Staff promised champagne that never arrived. Bedding bloodstained.Service fee was returned. Waiting on manager to email additional comp for filthy bedding.Has potential.Needs a bit of work.
bubble_50	Affordable and great location between the best of Soho and the best of China Town..had a nice stay at Sohotel..helpful staff and good rooms. Will definitely stay there next time I am going to New York
bubble_40	Beautiful historic hotel with lovely staff, great coffee, clean rooms, and charming common areas. We stayed on the 2nd floor above a bar, the music got loud on a couple nights but didn't bother us. Location excellent for exploring Manhattan on foot or by bus, in all directions. Nearby cheap eats we wouldn't miss again include Cheeky Sandwiches, and Spicy Village for the best Chinese noodles, BYOB. We felt welcomed at all times like old friends, especially by Singh, and they even have a number you can text 24/7 with any questions as you are out and about.
bubble_30	their is no lift, its not more than a 3 star hotel in terms of amenities. Overall location is good and nearby China town and Little Italy. The standard room is small especially the bath. The ambience is great overall.
bubble_50	Great boutique hotel!  Location: Good, we found it to be a nice midpoint to the things we wanted to do, felt safe.  Rooms: clean, comfy beds, nice bathroom  Lobby: super cute, good music playing over sound system  Staff: Friendly and helpful  Lone complaint: There were private parties at night on both nights of our stay. Very loud music and carried on into the wee hours. We were on floor 2 right off the check in desk so we got all the party!   This would not keep me from staying there again, though. Overall, it was a good experience.
bubble_50	In addition to be walking distance to lots of great areas, the staff was friendly and the vintage decor was so cool. I wish there were some type of food for breakfast, but other than that it was the perfect place!
bubble_20	Hotel is a okay and in general - I have been here twice - rather good value for money. However, they charge you a 250 USD deposit for incidentals. Which incidentals? There is no breakfast and in the minibar you barely find two plastic bottles filled with water... that seems a racket!
bubble_50	This hotel has a lot of charm and the staff is wonderful. The rooms are clean and the location is great just walking distances to a lot of shops, restaurants and metro. The walls are kind of thin but were heavy sleepers so it doesnt bother us plus there isnt much traffic on our street at night
bubble_50	We booked the family room for Christmas in NYC and Sohotel did not disappoint.   The room was spacious for NYC (2 double beds and single- so perfect for a family with 3 kids).  The room and bathroom were clean-fresh towels and good water pressure- and the beds comfortable.  The location was an easy walk to subways and Chinatown/little Italy area. Price was reasonable as well.  Definitely recommend!
bubble_50	The Sohotel is an amazing hotel. I genuinely had the best stay. I had a junior suite with 2 queen beds. I loved it! They were so accomodating from beginning to end. The rooms were clean, the rest of the hotel was clean & had the coolest look! I had a photoshoot & it was the perfect place. The beds were great, I slept so well! Some hotels are unnecessarily finicky but as long as we werent loud or disruptive, they didnt bother us. Respect their establishment & they respect you. I wish I could give more than 5 stars. Thank you so much Sohotel for the amazing stay!
bubble_40	We had the room with a queen sized bed. Small but comfy room, very clean and stylish. A lot of taxes and fees were applied, which we knew before booking, but an additional $9.95 was tacked on just for the option to have tea and coffee, even though we did not use it. Bottom line: annoying fees, but staff was very friendly and would return.
bubble_50	really really nice; i would like to visit again.   staff sooo nice, neighborhood nice, love the coffee, water, tea, computer set up - kinda community instilled.  suggest at least two nites to really be rested and relaxed.
bubble_30	The hotel is conveniently located near several subway stations. There are plenty of good restaurants and shops in the neighbourhood. The only downside is the room itself: it is very dark and the heating system archaic and noisy.
bubble_10	They airlines lost my luggage so I had no toiletries, they didn't offer any complimentary. You had to pay. Also they offer no free parking for your stay you have to go down the street and park in some lot and of course pay. The walls are so thin here, the people staying next to me where loud all night until 3AM. Also the hotel has no elevators so I carried my gf and her friends luggage up 2 stories. Also room is very tight and small. Not happy with our two day stay. Also when we checked out we where charged for service fees. I asked what are the fees he said WiFi, cleaning, & all the other services. Dang would of been nice to have a couple bottles of water inside the room for the $20.80 service fees witch they didn't supply at all. They didn't supply anything. I asked for a
bubble_50	Just love this hotel and the staff were impeccable and accommodating.  Rooms were spacious, clean and cleaning staff kept it spotless.  Will be staying here exclusively on my trips to NYC location is key!
bubble_30	The location was noisy during night hours but the room was clean and perfect for our family. We enjoyed the short distance to Little Italy and the shopping strip. The inside is well-kept but the room had no access to microwaves or refrigerator this is a bit difficult during a lengthy stay.
bubble_50	This hotel is AWESOME!  Absolutely loved the staff and the hotel itself.  Very attentive and super clean.  The location is great-close to everything!  I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone.  There is a nice and romantic bar connected to the hotel which is nice after a long day of exploring;-)
bubble_40	I chose to stay here based on location and description. I'm grateful that a portion of the room cost was going to be reimburse because the price of the room is exorbitant. I was here mid-week not near a holiday and the room was twice as much as any of the chain hotels. It was beautiful, stylish with great amenities except one - no elevator. I workout daily and have no issues without an elevator which was a good thing since they put me on the 5th floor but I can see this as a huge problem if you are caught unawares. I feel that the price you are paying is for being stylish despite the inconvenience. The room was quiet and the heated floor in the bathroom was a nice feature given that it was chilly weather. In the future, I would only stay here if someone else is paying, otherwise
bubble_50	Very cool place.  Tremendous accommodation and customer service.  Soho is the place to be for accessibility to everything and Sohotel is the icing on the cake.  2 double beds for family of 4 was perfect.
bubble_50	We love staying here. This was our second time here. Great location and best rooms for our family. Staff very helpful. Its close to the subway and easy to get to the wonderful restaurants of little Italy. Will be back.
bubble_10	Few days after my stay, they charged my credit card for hotel amenities fees I was not told about. The manager is argumentative and not helpful. I would not recommend staying at this hotel. Rooms are so small that they don't even have closets. You hang you clothes on a wall mounted cloth rack.
bubble_50	not a cookie cutter hotel; very cool decor.  lots of iron pipes used in the room; in tables and for an exposed coat hanger.  bathroom tile was laid in an unusual artistic style.  loved the experience.no elevators
bubble_40	Room was pleasant and presented in brick and wood, the hotel was clean and efficient, well-lighted, with a warmly professional staff geared towards offering repeatedly upgrades.  The price was a little dear for the location, but the two night stay was cordial.
bubble_40	Booked this hotel for 5 night for 3 guests. Hotel location is near subway and has great standard of accommodation. Rooms were clean, spacious and staff very welcoming. Hotel has a modern vibe with onsite facilities for food etc. There is an additional $9.99 a night charge for internet and facilities which is charged in check out, but the internet is great speed. Would recommend hotel and would stay again.
bubble_30	Stayed here as a family and were allocated a terrible room. Had fully paid for months in advance so not sure why we got the broom cupboard. Upon check out were kindly asked for more money for the 'complimentary' services (water and wifi) which I refused to pay - after we had paid in full many months ago. Disappointing after looking forward to staying here for so long.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a girls weekend in NYC. Great location, the staff was helpfull and carried our bags. The hotel was trendy and decorated for Christmas! Would highly recommend to a friend and definitely coming bacm to stay!
bubble_50	Had a great night here in December enjoying the Christmas atmosphere of Little Italy and great shopping on Spring St.  Hotel was great - quiet, friendly, and super clean. Got some good recommendations from reception on restaurants and shopping
bubble_50	Stop reading if you are the type of person who needs elevators and a car valet.  This hotel has neither. Also, please stop reading if you are coming to New York to gawk at Times Square and shop on Fifth Ave.  This probably isn't your hotel either.   If you can walk up stairs (it is only a four floor building) and you don't mind driving a block and a half to a convenient (and also friendly) car lot, I highly recommend this hotel.  I have been to NYC with my family dozens of times in the past decade and I lived there for 12 years.  This hotel is located in an incredible neighborhood - Nolita.  Steps from the door you can be in Chinatown, Lower East Side, Little Italy, Soho or Tribeca.  If you want excellent (and truly unique) shopping, this is where you want to be.  Local food
bubble_50	This hotel is conveniently located near restaurants, shopping and only a short walk to subway.  Would definitely stay here again!!  Our room was perfect for a family trip.  Very clean and extremely friendly and helpful staff.
bubble_40	The hotel was located in a very hip neighbourhood, lots of locations to eat and drink around. There's many breakfast places around and the staff is very friendly too. I had a premium king room, with an amazing television, there's usb plugs for your devices and some water in the fridge every day.
bubble_50	We highly recommend this hotel.  The location was great, the room was clean, the staff was friendly and so helpful.  The lobby and the waiting area downstairs were beautifully decorated with Christmas decorations, bedding was so comfortable that we slept so well every night, and all amenities in the bathroom were really good.  The hotel was close to places where we planned to go while we stayed in NYC, and the subway was only a couple of blocks away.   It was so convenient.  Great cafes and restaurants were really close to the hotel.  They offered coffee and tea twice a day.  We will definitely go back to the hotel, when we plan our next trip to NYC in the near future!
bubble_50	Excellent location, central, good price, clean, very friendly hotel staff. Overall we enjoyed our tim at the hotel, and would return in the future. The hotel is very close to many top restaurants around the area, and lots of shopping nearby.
bubble_50	This great Hotel is located 3 blocks away off Soho, presenting vintage atmosphere with the exposed brick and architecture. Loved the decor iand lounge areas, attentive staff thats always great and helpful, we loved it !!, hear is the appreciation letter we send to the hotel manager Ms. Donnet Roach.  Dear Ms. Donnet Roach,  I am sending this friendly email in order to express my deep appreciation to you and the Sohotel staff for their support during our 7 nights visit in NYC. My children, Lital and Ariel joined me at this trip, locating at room 205.  Starting at the check-in process, following the enjoyable 7 nights stay, the hotel staff were incredible helpful, patient, polite and understanding to fulfill all our needs while accommodating at the hotel.  Please thank your staff
bubble_50	Feels more like my apt 3 blocks away off Soho than a hotel with the exposed brick and architecture. Loved the decor iand lounge areas. A attentive staff thats always great.  Even played the same music I listen toat home (m in the music industry) New Wave like The Cure, Tears For Fears, New Order, Electric Miles Davis. If there was a kitchen, wouldnt have felt like I left home.
bubble_40	Great location in Little Italy.  Staff was really friendly and helpful.  We were upgraded for no extra charge and at reception's suggestion and insistence.  Room was clean, but a little dark and too warm with no way to regulate the temperature.  Overall I would definitely recommend.
bubble_50	Sohotel is super well located, with a very friendly staff. We had one small issue that didn't even last a minute; the room was a bit colder, so the staff brought us an electric heater. Other than that, everything was great, from the room, to the staff, to the location, and the price.
bubble_40	We spent 4 nights during Thanksgiving Holiday. The hotel is very well located close to Little Italy and Chinatown. The metro station Grand is also very close. The hotel is stylish but rooms are a bit small. Hotel is clean. Many dining options nearby.
bubble_50	I visit NYC 2-3 times a year & always stay at this hotel. Ive stayed here for 10 years, and Can absolutely recomend this hotel. You have everything outside the door, -shopping, sightseeing, cafe, restaurant, pubs. Love this location & the friendliness of the staff. You wont regret staying here
bubble_50	very good experience, really suggested. Nice location, helpfull staff and beautifull room (419) with all the necessary for a comfortable stay. Next time I would like to book again in Sohotel, because of a very good stay.
bubble_50	Excellent experience all around. Very good rooms, lots of space. Friendly staff. Nice reception. Had no problem either with the chek-in or the check-out. My wife and her brother both enjoyed their stay. Li mortaccia vostra 200 caratteri minimo
bubble_40	Attractive, renovated bldg. Small room, as is the NYC norm with very large upscale bathroom. Lobby downstairs and upstairs comfortable and attractive. Friendly helpful staff and good location close to busy Chinatown.
bubble_50	My husband and I were only spending one night in the city and chose this location for its history and ambiance. The staff was so friendly and helpful! The hotel was very clean and I was surprised at how quiet it was. Plus its close to great restaurants and bars! Would definitely recommend this place!
bubble_40	We stayed here for a long weekend. The Hotel is a walk up only, which we did not mind. They have friendly staff, daily coffee and tea service with a cool boutique hotel environment. The location is near Chinatown and Little Italy. It is easy to walk to Soho and also near several subway stations. My only complaint is that the walls are thin and it is easy to hear guests in the hallway.
bubble_50	Lovely staff, friendly and helpful. The staff at the reception helped us out with everything we asked for with a smile. The staff by the door was very friendly and helpfull. Our room was a bit small but clean and good beds. A bit more light  would be great.
bubble_20	The lobby and common areas were great. Thats the stuff you see online. But my room was not at all cute. Bare walls, lightbulbs burnt out, uncomfortable beds and my room door didnt even close properly. I wont be staying here again.
bubble_20	I choose this hotel for the location The rooms  dont have space to put nothing as the WC is so small there s no place for the towels imagine tooth brush , creams...eu. The walls are so thin You can hear everything outside and sleep is dificult There is no phone to call other rooms and the reception In case of need It s expensive and clearly not worth the price I read some time ago that In Japan space  is so short that in the cities, they have to sleep in capsules. But I did nt ask for that and the price is very High for  a capsule I should have beenwarned
bubble_50	We booked Sohotel in order to be close to our son's apartment and convenient to restaurants.  We were not disappointed.  Very comfortable bed with nice linens.  Loved that we could open the window.  If you need an elevator this might not be the place for you.
bubble_50	We enjoyed our stay at this contemporary hotel in a wonderful New York neighborhood. Walk to shops, subways, restaurants and more. The staff is very helpful and the rooms are spotless!  We would love to come again!
bubble_50	We love staying "downtown" when we visit New York, as our favourite restaurants, bars, and shopping are in Soho and the West Village, and we prefer to walk to these places over expensive taxis. Firs time choosing Sohotel, had a lovely experience, the area is just perfect, the booking was easy enough, and the entire time we felt really at ease. Our room was very nice and decorated in a New York kind of style with the exposed bricks. The hotel is non-smoking and kept spotless, smells fantastic, we highly recommend it and the area its in.
bubble_20	The first thing we noticed was there was no elevator and stairs were inconvenient. We had to walk down several flights of stairs in the morning to get the complimentary coffee and hot water, which is only available at certain hours of the day. For a hotel that doesn't offer breakfast or food services, we feel that they could at least provide this service all day. There should be tea and coffee complimentary all day on every level so you don't have to walk up and down the stairs - otherwise, provide coffee machines or at least a kettle in the room so you can make your own tea and coffee. For people with an early morning flight, it isn't possible to get a coffee.  Whenever there were guests walking in the hallways and children running and slamming doors, or in the room above you
bubble_50	Very cool hotel, everyone was so pleasant and helpful.  Rooms were clean, ours was a bit small but could have upgraded.  Location is perfect walk to Little Italy and Chinatown.  Definately would stay there again!
bubble_30	Expensive but surprised at daily 'service charge' for water and tea - which wasn't in room! Lovely hotel but no breakfast facilities. Plumbing and traffic noisy but staff were helpful, good location but nowhere inexpensive to eat, some basic info on area would have been handy. Room serviced at odd hours - like 9 at night!
bubble_40	Welcoming staff and gorgeous accommodations! The only negative - and this wasn't a huge one - was the lack of an elevator that I did not realize was a fact until I arrived. But that's easy to overlook if it's not something you truly need. It can get a bit noisy late at night, but it's New York City - most people aren't visiting for a good night's sleep.Thanks for having us!
bubble_20	No elevator, they put coffee and water away quickly, which is very stingy. The place is cute but thats it. Rooms are hot because no central air. Bathroom decor is supposed to look clean and modern, but it is very poorly designed. The look they are going for can be executed so much better.   It was loud all night long. Yes, its New York, but Ive stayed in other places that were better insulated and thus, quieter.   For the amount these boutique hotels charge, everything should be flawless. This place is not. Spend your money elsewhere.
bubble_50	This hotel is great and in a great location. Lots of restaurants in the area. Helpful friendly staff, really clean, linens are comfy.The room we had was a standard room, so as most NY hotels it was small, but it was outfitted with everything you need for a comfortable stay. Would be happy to stay there again.
bubble_50	I loved the location and personality of Sohotel.  It is located near numerous restaurants that are in walking distance as well as subway stations.  The staff was great about taking luggage up to our 4th floor room with a fabulous view.  The only negative was the traffic noise and horn honking that was audible in the room well after midnight.  Light sleepers may have difficulties falling and staying asleep.
bubble_50	Awesome stay. Staff is friendly.  Clean... rooms seem bigger in pictures. But overall a good stay Bell boy, Mr.Singh, made out day... so much energy. Pleasant person. Hotel is grest value for your money.
bubble_10	The hotel is in a neat location and is kept clean and tidy but its is NOISY from the street and from the other rooms and the staff does little to keep other guests respectful.  For example, when another guest is running down the hallway adjacent to the front desk and knocking on doors for hours on end in the middle of the night, the staff did nothing.
bubble_30	Booked directly with hotel and paid for 5 nights 10 months in advance, yet given the smallest, awkward 'deluxe family room' with no space for luggage and a view of the alley. Queried if this was actually a DFR and was shown a much better room which we took. Question is why I bothered paying for this nearly a year ago to be given the worst room in the hotel. The kicker was when I checked out and was asked to pay additional service fee for the coffee and water in reception! You heard me. The complimentary water and coffee that you have to treck down the hall foe incurs an additional charge. Note that although the room we stayed in was good for a family with 2 teens, the shine was well and truly taken off the hotel and we have been tripping all over each other had I not request a
bubble_50	attentive, friendly staff; property has lots of bar & food choices along the street, and around the corner.A unique NYC experience; be in shape, this 150+ yr old building has no elevators; old school meets techy amenities;  mama loves the heated bathroom tile floors!!!
bubble_50	If you are looking for a place to stay around the Five Points area of Chinatown, look no further than SOHOTEL! The history, the location, and the staff are just great! It is beautiful. Close to the subway. Plenty of places to eat. Clean as it can be! The staff are simply the best! Comfortable beds.
bubble_50	The staff here made for the perfect stay! Incredibly kind, caring, and accommodating. Such a beautiful location and the staff helps direct you to fun places to go and things to do! Highly recommend staying at the Sohotel!
bubble_40	Stayed 2 nights and hotel was a great base for exploring downtown area.  Plenty of excellent eating places nearby, Little Italy round the corner and located in historic area with narrow streets, small independent shops so lots to explore
bubble_30	Though the building was going through plumbing issue during my stay, the team was apologetic and friendly. I was surprised to learn of additional fees upon arriving; if booking through a third party, be clear about incidentals.
bubble_40	my friend and I stayed 4 nights at the Sohotel New York city.  I found the place to be unique, historic, and fun.  it is the oldest running hotel spot in New York city, since 1805.  the room was a bit small, but heck, it's New York.  but had plenty of space for 2 people in 2 queen size beds.  we peaked into other rooms during housekeeping and found some quite large rooms.  but for 3 bills a night it was a fine place to stay.  central location, cleaner than I thought it would be, staff very nice and friendly, even the room attendants.  very caring and concerned for our enjoyment during our stay.  30 years ago when I lived in nyc, I would never go to the bowery, it was so trashy and dangerous.  but like everywhere else in Manhattan, this neighborhood is changing.  Whole Foods
bubble_40	Overall I recommend the place.  The location is good, hotel staff is extremely friendly.  Beds are comfortable and pillows and sheets were clean and comfy.  Room was tiny (as are most in Manhattan) The only complaint was the water was luke warm at best.  The weather turned a little chilly during our stay and it was sad to have no hot water.
bubble_20	Day 2 of our stay left us without running water. We were unable to shower, wash our hands or go to the bathroom. The water was shut off due to construction but the staff neglected to let us know upon arrival. The rooms were as pictured and not too bad. Luckily we were only on the 2nd floor so only had to climb 2 flights. But something outside our room smelled really bad.
bubble_50	My partner and I just returned from a 4 night stay in New York at Sohotel and we had a fantastic time. The location for us was perfect - within walking distance of lots of bars and restaurants. We chose this location for that reason - although you are a bit of a subway ride from uptown and the museums and central park etc... it was much preferable for us to be near our evening activities. The hotel itself is wonderful. Comfy beds, wonderful showers, and friendly staff. We spent most of our time out and about in the city but it was always a complete pleasure returning here at the end of the day.
bubble_50	An amazing hotel with very friendly staff. The rooms are great and are very well kept. I would definitely come back to stay here if I came into NYC again.   The hotel is in a very good location, surrounded by China Town and Little Italy as well as many other stores.
bubble_30	Old building without a lift! Many flights of stairs and no elevator to carry luggage.  This is a one tiny element the venue fails to list; thus, creating unnecessary anxiety and needless to say a poor experience.   Shady entry with a disco at the main entrance; therefore, definitely not a place for a family with small children to be exposed and witness the disco/club scene.
bubble_50	I stayed here with three other guys and I had an amazing experience. Having the option of a twin bed was perfect as I was the only girl. The room was so so clean with comfortable beds and space to store our luggage. Furthermore the staff kept the rooms super clean for when we came back from a long day. I really enjoyed my stay here especially since Little Italy was around the corner and shopping. It was quiet and I slept so well while staying here.
bubble_40	Overall good experience for the price.  The staff was very friendly and the property is not that useless pretentious scene that you can pay dearly for.  No real amenities such as fitness, bar, restaurant, but who really needs that when everything is a few blocks away?  Maybe not the ideal place for a business stay but we were there for college checkin and fun.
bubble_40	The hotel is very near Little Italy and has plenty of restaurants and pubs around it .  The rooms are a decent size, beds are very comfortable.  No kettle in the room and very little storage space for storing clothes.  Staff are excellent and made our stay enjoyable.  No lifts in the hotel and we used the subway to get about a lot. Buy a weeks subway ticket for 30 dollars as singl3 trips 3 dollars each time.  Hotel better for younger age than older as a lot of steps.
bubble_40	Great location if planning to shop in Soho or visiting Little Italy/Chinatown. A block away from Little Italy and less than 5-10 minute walk from most of Sohos best shops. Like anything in NYC, hotel a bit pricey but we stayed in a room for 5 and room was clean and comfortable. Only reason why I didnt give a 5 was because at night, the area is a bit noisy with all the restaurants around there. Staff was also awesome and gave me no problems for taking a 1pm late checkout. Highly recommend staying here in future.
bubble_40	very friendly staff , comfortabble rooms and beds, all very clean, nice hotel with atmosphere. Don't enter the bar beside (in front of the hotel on your left) . We came 15 minutes to midnight, wanted to have our drink outside (very hot day and we wanted to relax at least 15minutes). The bartender did not allow us to go outside, although there were some couples finishing their glasses...He told us the hotel does't allow him to let us sit outside. This was really  disappointing. We finished our glass inside, went bar next door (right side) and sat outside til 1'0clock without any problem...
bubble_30	Based on the pictures which can be perceived online I expected a little too much. Check in was not overwhelming but still friendly, rooms are typically very very small for Manhattan and in general was my room very noisy.  Bathroom was an disappointment- way too small and dirty as well as outdated. As Soho is an awesome area I would come back for a business stay but for vacation especially with children i would look for something else.
bubble_50	We loved this place ! I hope to come back as soon as possible in your place : great location, great room, great people ! People in the hotel were very helpfull, we appreciated it !Everything was perfect !
bubble_50	A group of us stayed here after a recommendation from a local.   We all booked separately as we were all coming from different parts of the world so it wasn't a group booking as such.      We stayed in a Deluxe King room which was a fair size and after all you are really only sleeping in there!   The hotel room is designed in a very industrial chic style which I thought was rather unique.  The aircon worked well, bed was very comfortable, the safe was big enough to put laptops in and the large shower was a bonus!    I was surprised that there was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room which I thought would of been a standard thing in all hotels??   Nevertheless there was complimentary tea/coffee in the lobby everyday as well as cold lemon water.   Some of our friends stayed
bubble_40	We had a great NY city vacation. We stayed at the Sohotel and would definitely stay there again.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Nice to find a hotel room that could sleep our entire family of 5.
bubble_40	convenient location and easy access to subway. the hotel is old but clean. we stayed one night and they stored bags for us before our room is ready so we can go to lunch. we had a queen and double bed in our room, it is good for two people.
bubble_50	The hotel is nice and clean and unique.   We liked staying in an area we had never stayed before.   We would stay here again.   The staff was helpful and we liked the uniqueness of this hotel.  It smells good and was very comfortable
bubble_50	Location was great, rooms were clean and updated, air conditioning worked well during the hot August nights, bed was very comfortable, and staff was helpful and courteous.  No elevators so make sure you ask the kind bellman for help with the luggage.
bubble_30	lovely staff, beautifully decorated, small but nice and clean rooms. Upcoming neighbourhood, but not there yet... Bit sleezy around the corner at Bowery... Broome Street a few (5-6)blocks west is great, with lots of stores and places to eat.
bubble_50	Do something different and book a room!   A refreshing change from the regular and often overpriced, bland and predictable corporate offerings of the big-chain hotels. The Sohotel is unique in its creative interior design, layout and furnishings. The staff were professional and polite without being overly gushy and appearing insincere. The hotel does not offer a huge range of amenities which is good as it means we're not paying for stuff we don't need or are unlikely to use. The hotel, however, does offer free storage of luggage, an invaluable perk that should not be overlooked if you arrive in the city before check-in or have a flight later in the day. They also provide super fast and stable wi-fi, complimentary coffee/tea/water during the day and cosy places to sit and gather
bubble_40	Really nice and funky boutique hotel.  Our room was small, but clean and decorated nicely.  We just needed a place to sleep after spending the evening at the Comedy Cellar, The Red Lion Inn, etc. I would recommend this hotel and would go back!  Staff was friendly and helpful.
bubble_50	We had an amazing stay and experience, from the time we got there until the time we left. Our room was nice and quiet, bed was comfortable, and ANYTHING that you needed they were more than accommodating. The Sohotel is in a perfect spot for us when were in N.Y.!
bubble_30	Let me first say, Sohotel has nice, friendly staff and the location is good. The standard queen is small. The bedroom furniture looks like it's from a Goodwill store. It's really worn out and really dated. The room is painted dark blue so it makes it feel even smaller. The AC is loud. They have a strange smell in the room. Looks like they've renovated the bathroom, which is nice, but they forgot the rest of the room!  I was willing to deal with it for one night, but then my key card broke twice!  They don't have an elevator so that means walking up and down 4 flights of stairs. So many hotels in NY to choose from. I won't stay here again. Guess you get what you pay for.
bubble_50	Big room, very clean, modern style, colorful walls, quiet : we really enjoyed our one-week-vacation in this hotel !! Very close to Little Italy, Chinatown and Soho !! With the subway, it'seas y to go at Brooklyn too !
bubble_50	Great location  tons of shops near by, around the corner from the Bowery Ballroom! easy to find, beautiful decor and  clean room. the bed was fantastic though it is NY and we were out all night. the window opened for fresh air and there is a safe in the room  it was quiet!, staff was excellent .
bubble_50	We had a pleasant stay at Sohotel. This was our first visit to New York.The staff was welcoming and were always ready to help out with any queries. They had a good knowledge about New York's restaurants and transport system. Would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	Would definitely stay here again. Friendly staff, Vintage esthetic and super Great location! We were greeted by a super nice doorman who carried our bags all the way to our room. Everytime he saw us, he offered to help with directions around the city or recommendations. We really enjoyed the trip.
bubble_50	On trend boutique hotel with amazing staff and service. Excellent value. Would recommend this to any vistor minus handicap. (No elevator) Treated like you are a special guest not just customer! We will be back!!
bubble_30	There was no dresser in the room and it had a very loud window a/c unit.  It ran all night and made sleeping really hard.  Weather was too hot though to turn of the unit. Room and bathroom was clean. Location was great.
bubble_50	This hotel was brilliant for our 5 day stay in NYC. The deluxe family room (208) was a good size for the 5 of us and the WiFi (175Mbps) and TV options were fantastic. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the tea and coffee available was great in the morning. Our room was quiet and the subway was very close by. All in all the hotel could not have been better.
bubble_50	This hotel was just what our family was looking for.  Our trip to NYC was that much better because we stayed here. A great atmosphere, a room large enough for our family of 5, and close to the subway station and great places to eat.
bubble_50	Hands down best experience at a hotel I have ever had. Rooms are beautiful. Customer service is amazing. I've been in a few different hotels in the city, but they didn't take care of their customers the way sohotel does. It's greatly appreciated. Thank you
bubble_40	Overall a good stay, rooms accommodated our 5 guest comfortably.  Bathroom is VERY small, and limited space to manover around beds with luggage in the room. Staff was generally very accommodating, but texts werent responded too at a couple occasions...and with no phones in he room this was the only way to contact the front desk. Other than these couple issues, the hotel is in a fairly good location walking distance to many restaurants and also the subway.
bubble_50	We were a family of 5 that spent 5 days in N.Y. This hotel was perfect for us. It also permitted that we all could stay in one room, which is not acceptable in all hotels. Location was great, just between Little Italy, China town and the Nolita area. We had a great stay, and I would gladly recommend it to anyone staying in NY.
bubble_50	We stayed for one night and booked a superior king room as it was the cheapest one available. The room was beautiful and comfortable, had a mini-fridge and two complimentary water bottles. We even got some chocolates later. The hotel is beautifully designed and has a great vibe about it, and there's coffee and tea served in the morning and afternoon hours. The area's great, a walking distance from SoHo, Little Italy, NoLita, China Town and Lower East Side, and tons of places to eat and drink. We loved our room and wished we had some more time in it. With one exception - there are no elevators, just stairs. There are bellmen to help with bags, but climbing four floors could get very tiring after a long day.
bubble_40	Nice hotel and good location in Soho. Only bad thing was the annoying persistence offering a room's upgrade, like if the one already booked was really bad. And the fridge was very noisy bat night, you better disconnected it if you want to sleep well.
bubble_40	Fantastic boutique hotel, friendly staff on hand to carry our luggage upstairs.  Party of 5, so lots of cases. We booked the Deluxe family room for 4 nights. Space was just enough to accomodate us all.  We lived out of our cases and managed to slip 4 cases under the bed and pulled them out as and when required. Bathroom decor was chic, modern and very clean, great smelling toiletries provided with plenty of towels for all 5 of us,constant hot water with dryer in bathroom . Abundance of power sockets dotted around the room.  Dressing mirror above desk for hair and make up as well as a full length one provided. Rooms are serviced at guests requests. AC system in the room which was easy to operate, but  a bit noisy at night when sleeping.   Teas/coffee and water provided at set
bubble_50	Great location, great value, great character, great staff. Perfect for a family foray into NYC. Bordering Little Italy and Chinatown, close to 2 subway stations that will get you anywhere you need to go.
bubble_50	Loved this funky, modern hotel.  Service was fast and friendly, guest room was very comfortable and accommodating.  Easy WiFi and free waters in the fridge!  Cool design themes as well.  Will be back the next time!  Also, Randolph Beer next door makes grabbing a late-night pint fairly easy as long as you're there before last call.
bubble_50	This hotel was recommended by a friend and it lived up to the recommendation! We stayed in the junior 2 queen suite and had plenty of room for our family of 4. Though it is a walk-up (no elevator), the staff carries luggage upstairs. Don't stay here if you have trouble with stairs. The hotel is clean, every staff person that we encountered was friendly and helpful, and the location was vibrant with lots of food and subway stop options.
bubble_40	Great family rooms, nice staff, great location. we had a very good experience at the hotel. For New York, affordable prices. The beds are great and it is quiet during night time. No breakfast is served, but there are lots of places all around.
bubble_50	7th visit to NYC and we will only stay at Sohotel from now on. For us, it was perfectly located between Chinatown and Little Italy as well as walking distance to downtown (25-30 min). Yes, there is not an elevator, however there are lots of hands on deck to make sure you are taken care of. Staff is EXCEPTIONAL and guest services were extremely helpful with dinner options (Thai at Uncle Boons or Lovely Day) and ideas on things to do. Truly a boutique hotel. Can't say enough! We upgraded to the newly renovated 4th floor with a heated fan and floor in the bathroom, and a large mini bar. If you can, go for it. We are looking forward to an annual trip to this hotel.
bubble_50	This hotel is beautiful and in a great location walking distance to Little Italy.  The hotel staff is helpful and friendly.  The rooms are pleasing and very clean.  I enjoyed my stay and will stay again.
bubble_50	We stayed 3 nights and REALLY appreciated having 3 beds for the 5 of us! The staff was all very friendly and helpful. The location was great: near Little Italy and Chinatown, and not far from a couple of different subway stops. The decor is unique and I loved the exposed brick and open shelving in our room. Highly recommend for those wanting a change from the usual hotel experience!
bubble_40	very good' the room were very clean, and cozy and nice the people and management were very helpful and the hotel is very close to the subway or any transportation and close to time square and any food place
bubble_30	I would have given this place a much higher review if it weren't for the fact that we were put in a room right next to another room that was being renovated. Because of this, every morning we woke up early to the sounds of drilling, pounding, jackhammering, talking, and just construction work. We were not aware that this would be part of our trip and after a full day of sigh seeing and seeing the city with teenagers, it sometimes put everyone in a
bubble_50	The hotel has a lot of character, one of the first hotels in NY. The rooms have recently been renovated and look great. The staff was super nice and accomidating.  Location could not be any better. Take into account that there's no elevator.
bubble_50	I especially love hotels that truly depict the photos they post online. Sohotel in NYC will be the 2nd hotel I've styled in that truly was what I saw online. It is absolutely a boutique hotel! The family room we rented was perfect for our girl trip and worth every penny. The only negative was there us no elevator, but for such a historic building, that was fine by us. The decor, the staff, the location, the cleanliness were all perfect! Just blocks from shopping food, little Italy and China town too. definitely recommend!
bubble_50	Took a chance on the Sohotel based on reviews and wanting to try a new neighborhood for my annual visit and I'm so glad I did!  Great location - tons of fun shopping, dining and drinking in the immediate area and the train is just a few blocks away.  The hotel is a unique, fun property with historic charm, friendly staff and attention to detail.  My room was spotless, quiet (I slept like a baby) and I loved the open, airy feeling.  I will definitely be staying here again!
bubble_50	Sohotel was much more than I expected. The room was comfortable and clean, the bathroom ample. The location was perfect: not too far from the subway, with many bars, restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. The staff was friendly and professional.
bubble_20	Dear Sohotel.  There os a fine line between boutique and basic. I know boutique is just one of those terms that's gotten slapped around so much it's lost its purpose.  Now you do offer a decent accomodation, but boutique it is not. A splash of differe t vibrant colors on the wall does not make it boutique. Neither the fact that the rooms are so tiny that a double room can barely accommodate two normal sized individuals and their simple luggage, thanks to no closet, cupboard or anything to store a bag in.   Also I'm curious about the boutiqueness in two windows facing a stone wall, barely letting sun in, and next to some form of machine constantly humming.  We could talk about the bare amenities in the room and the boutiqueness of it. Agreed that soap, shampoo and conditioner
bubble_30	Great location, right on the trisection of SoHo, little Italy and Chinatown. Funky vibe, exposed brick, iron pipes, chunky wood decor. The standard queen room is TINY, just fitting the bed with a foot or two on all sides. The bathroom was again cool and nicely done but small. My bed was pretty soft so I left with a sore back but it wasnt like it was caving in the middle. Just a softer bed.
bubble_50	Nice hotel, lovely people, good experience :-) I recommend this place to be in the center of Manhattan and ready to discover NEw-York City in its great  variety. The choice was the good one for my first time in Manhattan.
bubble_30	The hotel was quaint, a little rustic and quite nice for the location. One of the restaurants was unacceptable from a service standpoint, but the area offers many great restaurants so dont let that stop you!
bubble_30	We loved your staff, location, and decor.  Just heavy odors in our room.  The paint or varish used was very pungent still.  This made sleeping difficult as I could not get past the odor.  I mentioned I have a child with asthma.  Any heavy fumes inhaled are circulated in the bloodstream which can be toxic.
bubble_30	The location is very convenient to Little Italy and Chinatown. The hotel was nice and the room was large. I felt like on the website they should let you know there is no elevator or luggage lift since the building is so old. Wasn't a huge inconvenience for me but I would have like to know.   The staff was inconsistent. Some staff would watch you lug your stuff up the stairs, others would rush to you. Was disappointed no one helped carry our luggage to our vehicle.   The street was surprisingly minimal for the first few nights of our stay. I was impressed that we didn't hear horns and sirens all night.   By far, the biggest problem was they had builders in the floor underneath us start at 8 am. Hammering, sanding floors, etc. Impossible to sleep. No forewarning and I texted the
bubble_40	My mother, daughter and myself enjoyed our four days at Sohotel. The metros are further than advertise. I thought the staff should have provided a map. Upon arrival the bellhop Mr Singh was so wonderful!  He carried all of our luggage up to the 3rd floor. Btw there is no elevator.
bubble_50	Perfect location in the heart of Little Italy and Soho. We traveled with children, and we thought the area was safe. Beautiful hotel, comfortable beds, and the staff is truly amazing. They will go above and beyond to make sure your stay in NYC is enjoyable. Do yourself a favor and eat at Aunt Jakes in Little Italy!
bubble_50	Sohotel was a great place to stay - excellent location, friendly staff & easy access to transport. Free coffee in the mornings, clean rooms & funky dcor. All good. Rooms are a little small, but common in NYC.
bubble_50	Had a great time with my girlfriends.  The hotel was clean and has a great location.  Very good price for what you get.  Room had a capacity for five people and was very comfortable.  Might even be good for a family of 4 or 5.
bubble_50	Boutique hotel with great location and very friendly staff.  Quiet and nice rooms. This will be the hotel I will stay in my next trips to New York City.  Very good value and well situated for business and leisure.
bubble_50	Elegant simplicity with upscale service in beautifully decorated older hotel made new is the way I can best describe this lovely and artistic hotel. I would say that perhaps a more obvious entryway would help, but other than that, this hotel is a real treat being located on the edge of Soho and so close to excellent food, cute shops, the subway going both sides of town, and of course theres always taxi.
bubble_40	Very good hotel in a great position (near many subway stations, near Little Italy, near the beautiful iron district of Soho). The hotel itself is housed in a historic building, delightful and quiet rooms. Kind and thoughtful staff.
bubble_50	Great place to stay in the city. Clean rooms and safe area. Great price and close to everything. The staff was very helpful. Lot's of restaurants close by and if you don't want to walk somewhere uber will always pick you up.
bubble_30	If you want to be near SoHo, Chinatown and Nolita this is the hotel for you. The room I had was very small but they do have larger newly renovated rooms available for a higher fee only if you can handle a few flights of stairs because there is NO elevator! I knew this coming in and I had light luggage. The room I had was fine for one person, but it would be extremely cramped for two. The room was clean but needs to be updated, because it was a bit worn out. The bathroom was small and the shower was teeny-tiny. If you are over 150lbs (I'm 5,9" 125lbs) you will have a hard time getting clean. There was a built-in blowdryer, amenities (shampoo, conditioner and lotion-NO cotton balls or q-tips or beauty mirror) built-into the wall heater/AC, safe, TV (no HD) and complimentary
bubble_40	Visited with girlfriends, there were 5 of us on the trip so the family room with 2 queens and a single was the perfect room for us.  Feels authentically NYC in this hotel.  Its not a chain Hilton type place, so if thats what youre looking for this may not suit you.  I love feeling like Im part of the city when Im there, not a tourist, so I loved this hotel.  Great location, lots near by or short walks. Will definitely stay again.
bubble_50	Loved being close to Little Italy and Chinatown.  We walked everywhere, experienced a cool neighborhood with small shops and good restaurants.  The staff was excellent, friendly and personable.  The rooms are very modern with an old charm- very unique!
bubble_40	Stayed here on business in May 2018.  Stayed here on a recent business trip...pricing was right for my budget, even though the location wasnt ideal for work meetings.   However the location is great for shopping, partying and eating...there are great spots all over the neighborhood, and in the hotel building itself.    The room itself was quite small but cozy, and I really appreciated that they took my quiet room request seriously. Overall, the functionality was good and it was quite modern. The bed was also among one of the more comfortable ones on my trip.  The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful in carrying bags up to and down from the room. This is important cause the hotel doesnt have any elevators, and that can be a pain, if youre on the 4th floor like I was
bubble_40	Great location + very helpful, friendly staff. Lots of great eating options very close by. Directly off Broadway so shopping is right on your doorstep. Only negative for me was it was a bit noisy. Im a light sleeper so I wore earplugs. Also there is no lift so be prepared for lots of stairs if you are on the 3rd floor. The staff are great and were more than happy to help. Overall being a single female it was a great location and I felt very safe.
bubble_10	We upgraded our room online but when we checked out, we were charged more than the price displayed originally on the platform and realized that we never received a confirmation. It was a small amount but when I questioned, the staff didn't even try to explain or look into it and it seems she just couldn't care less and that doesn't look good.  The hotel itself is o.k.: it has the good location, decor is great, and cleanness was fine except for the towels and the bathtub. However it's not that soundproof as it seems somehow, and we were waken up a few times during the night.  I've stayed here twice so far and I would say it's only good for a temporary stay, like if you have a flight to catch the next day. Otherwise, for the price you are paying, better stay at a decent carefree
bubble_50	Our stay at Sohotel was a real pleasure, the service was perfect, the concierge help us so well! The location is great close to everything you need: shopping and restaurants! I definitely come back here on my next trip to NY!
bubble_50	It was fantastic. The bellman is super sweet, and the sitting areas are instagram worthy. With heated bathroom floors, beautiful tiles and wood tables and floors, it bought the late 1800s to the 21st century.
bubble_50	The warmth of their decor, their welcome, the low price, the rental in New York !!! Everything was really beyond our expectations. Near from all. We loved it, and want to go agang the next time. It is sure!!!
bubble_50	I cannot praise this hotel enough, and even more, I cannot praise Amanda enough. Most friendly person I have ever met in hospitality, and she had a great sense of humour. It is situated in the most perfect location in soho, right beside little Italy. Beautiful little boutiques and restos just outside the door. Such a neighbourhood feel, and totally walkable to Greenwich village and Brooklyn! LOVE THIS PLACE!!! If you are hesitating to book, dont! Just book it! You wont be disappointed! Such a different feel from the claustrophobic feel of Midtown.  Beds are super comfortable, decor is beautiful.  *only side note is there are no elevators so maybe dont book this if you have difficulty walking.
bubble_50	Quaint hotel in the Bowery District. The staff were always helpful, kind, courteous and professional. I had read some of the negative reviews but we did not experience any of those events during our 7 night stay. Yes, the hotel has some renovations going on but only during the day and the noise was not bad, we are late sleepers and it did not bother us at all. Within walking distance to Chinatown, Little Italy, Canal Street, Tribeca, SoHo, Greenwich Village. Close to several Subway lines. We will definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	In Chinatown, close to subways, friendly staff, and easy check-in/out procedures. I love the setting of the hotel and the room. And it was super clean. Also really quite during the night. The only thing is that the hotel do not have elevators but the staff will help you carry them upstairs. I would definitely recommend it.
bubble_30	Stay here for location and hope for a quite room, accommodation is acceptable whilst the staff are exceptionally helpful, unfortunately the facilities are basic with no breakfasts offered and not even water provided in rooms.
bubble_30	Good location.  Room layout was pleasant.  Free coffee and tea in the lobby from 7am, otherwise there were no other amenities.  I had expected kettle, tea and coffee to be basic these days.  Online check in and check out were effective and easy.  Most of the staff are friendly and helpful.  All in all, Great location but expensive for what it is worth.
bubble_30	Sohotel  is a cute boutique hotel in a trendy area - several restaurants and bars on the same block, although the neighborhood seems rough.  There is no elevator, however there is a bellman happy to deliver your luggage to your room.  Free coffee and tea in the lobby was stale and cold, otherwise there were no other amenities.  Rooms were clean, refrigerator and water in the room - nice.  and the bathroom floor was heated.
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at your hotel. everything was perfect, nice and friendly people at the desk and a clean room. I will recommend the hotel to friends and passengers ( I work at a travelagencie in the Netherlands).  Super hotel thank you very much.
bubble_50	The historic building is beautifully restored, with exposed brick throughout and vintage-style fixtures but modern amenities, clean and comfortable. Staff are courteous and helpful: ask them to point you in the direction of the many sites within walking distance, which include Chinatown, Little Italy, Soho, and the Tenement Museum.
bubble_40	Great location, friendly staff, perfect with familyroom for a family of 4. Renovation ongoing but nothing that disturbed us since we were out during the day. Some noise from the room next door late one night, but the staff took care of that at once.
bubble_20	Cancelled reservation and a very very small room.. Thats not the way you treat people - I cant understand you dare to give such a small room. After the told us Booking.com cancelled the room (what was a lie) - we had to pay more money for this little shoe box room!!!!  We are not coming back to Sohotel.
bubble_50	Very niece hotell. I liked very much the old style in a historia building. Very good location one minute walk to litade Italy. Very kiendly staff. Good service overall. Very clean hotel. Sielent in nights, very good rooms. Can heighly recomend this hotell
bubble_40	I have stayed in NYC many times up by the park and down in Lower Manhattan but this was my first stay in Soho and it was a great place to be.  With countless places to eat and drink and walking distance to Brooklyn (via the bridge), Broadway, 5th, Battery Park etc it served my needs very well.    I had a Junior suite which was a reasonable size with a decent bathroom and overall a nice room.  It had also just been refurbished and I was the first paying guest to stay in it which was nice.  Nice T.V although I didn't use it and a nice sound system I connected my phone to to play music.  However with such thin walls I was reluctant to do this too much as I am sure your neighbours will hear it very easily.  In fact it is fair to say that generally you hear a lot of noise because of
bubble_50	We stayed in a suite as we were in New York to celebrate my partners birthday. Beautifully designed corner room on the top floor, with great views. Very chic, with excellent facilities. Lovely relaxed hotel, very friendly staff, nice touch with the free coffee and tea. And the location is perfect. The neighbourhood is much like the best bits of east London, with hundreds of independent restaurants and shops and cool locals hanging out. We ate locally and had fantastic meals, walked almost everywhere and ended up wanting to live there. Sohotel is a brilliant place to stay and Soho is the best location in NYC.
bubble_20	Noisy noisy noisy! Building renovations, you Can hear neighbors and staff talking on The corridor, room service bugs you at 20:00 asking if i need anything(?!) Bedroom was really weird and unconfortable - I left a day earlier to another hotel
bubble_40	Nice hotel with clean rooms and very friendly staff. Location nearby subway, Little Italy, Soho and Chinatown with lots of restaurants. Coffee, tea and water available in lobby. Perfect location to discover New York City!
bubble_50	Stayed at the Sohotel as there I could not get a room at another major chain for under $500 per night.  Read the reviews thought would take a chance.    Staff friendly, rooms small (mini) but clean. Great location and great alternative not to tip the budget while getting the flavor of Soho and the city.   Would recommend for young or adventurous. Not ADA friendly not elevator but the building is from 1805 and was converted to a hotel. Just a block from Chinatown and Little Italy. Subway a few blocks.
bubble_50	I was only here overnight, but can't wait to return. I loved the decor of the whole hotel - it has a whimsical ndustrial vibe - very original and was a refreshing change from typical generic hotel rooms. The bed was comfy, and I slept like a rock.
bubble_40	Location was great, but if driving, parking in the area is limited. There are no elevators, but there was always staff on hand to help carry bags up and down the stairs. I rated sleep quality lower due to other very noisy guests throughout the night; this was through no fault of the hotel. Staff was friendly, rooms were clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	We stayed 5 nights in a family room (3 adults and 2 teenagers). We found the room plenty big enough for us all although we were out and about a lot and so didn't spend long periods in the room. It was kept spotlessly clean and towels were changed daily. Well done to the housekeeping staff. We agree with the previous comment about the hotel smelling wonderful as soon as you walked in! In the room there was a huge TV, a small fridge and a digital safe. We enjoyed using the drinks in the lobby. Please note that there are no drink making facilities in the room. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times. The hotel is located in the Little Italy and China town areas and so there is an excellent choice for eating out. We were not particularly bothered by street noise
bubble_50	My husband and two kids (ages 12 and 13) stayed for two nights, our first time in NYC.  We loved the atmosphere in the Sohotel...it is unique and very cool.  The staff and service were great, we had no issues during our stay.  Our room was just the right size for the 4 of us, clean, quiet.  We could roll suitcases under the beds, or place on the wooden shelves.  There seemed to be a space for everything....though bathroom sink area is a bit small to put your things, but fine, really.  We didn't have an opportunity to try the restaurants located on site, unfortunately.  Very close walking distance to Black Seed Bagels and the Egg Shop, which are both great.  Wish we could have explored the neighborhood a bit more, we were doing some of the touristy stuff in Times Square and
bubble_40	Once you walk into the lobby, it smells really good. The rooms are small, but its NYC! Dont stay in your room all day! Complementary lemon water was very tasty! Location is nice, between Chinatown and Little Italy.
bubble_50	Awesome   Everything was perfect: the location, the hotel, the room, the team. The room was very clean, quite small but it is in New York and was conform with the description. There is no breakfast but complimentary coffee and plenty of bakeries in Little Italy, Soho or Chinatown. The subway station is close by and you can head to Time Square in 15 minutes. A lot of places are available by walking distance. We will come back!
bubble_50	I stayed for 3 nights with my three teenagers and husband. The accommodations were as expected, the hotel room was quiet, we never heard noises from outside out room and the beds and linens were comfortable. We were able to explore Chinatown, Little Italy and other Lower East Side attractions by foot. Lots to see and do. The staff were friendly and the restaurants attached to hotel were pretty good.
bubble_40	We booked the Sohotel for 3 nights in April.   We found less expensive chain options but we like more local options.  The staff was great,  we got the premium room and space was fine.  We didn't spend much time in the rooms,  their was a bar attached to the hotel which was great for a quick couple of drinks before getting ready to go out.   Mulberry street was only a couple of blocks away so Little Italy and Bleeker St were close with lots of options for dinner and drinks.   Subway was close by too.
bubble_40	Sohotel is great budget accommodation in a fabulous location. The rooms, while not huge- are big enough, the beds are super comfortable and most importantly the rooms are CLEAN.  Staff are fantastic. But remember this is not a 5*. Its basic accommodation. No room service, phones etc. Its basic accommodation at a great rate done well.  The only negative is the noise levels, the Hotel does not seem to have any sound proofing anywhere whatsoever, so if you are looking for somewhere quiet- be specific about this and your room selection, though I don't know if this would really make much of a difference as it seems to be something they have overlooked while renovating?? Who knows. Sometimes it sounds like a herd of elephants are walking upstairs it will wake you up. Hopefully they
bubble_50	I stayed here for a recent business trip so the location was very convenient to my work at the time. If you are looking for a real "downtown New York" hotel, this place is great! The rooms were small (as are most NYC apartments in the area so its suitable to the neighborhood) but well furnished and had all the amenities I needed. The location is makes any shopping trips to Soho super easy and convenient. I loved the wet bathroom, as I didn't need use of a bathtub during my stay and I thought the design was pretty chic. Everyone on the hotel staff was helpful and friendly. I also liked the online check in and check out. Made things very convenient. The coffee bar in the morning was a nice touch as well. All in all, I had a great stay there and would definitely stay there again
bubble_40	the ubication is perfect the personal is perfect  it is very clean and the rooms are good the price is very good and the way to pay is according at the market offers the only thing is to have and elevator and some refrigerators in the rooms of the first floor
bubble_50	The employees at the Sohotel made our stay so wonderful!! It's an experience I will never forget and highly recommend the Sohotel if you are going to SoHo for a girls weekend or a romantic getaway or business or just by yourself. The location is perfect - close to great restaurants and nightlife, but quiet if you need some rest at the end of a long day.  Loved it here and was so excited to share this experience with 12 of my closest girlfriends for my bachelorette weekend in SoHo!
bubble_50	We loved our stay at the Sohotel and would definitely return. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and eager to help with bags and other requests. The WiFi connection was excellent (always a huge plus), and there is coffee, tea, and water downstairs for most of the morning and evening hours. We stayed in a standard room, and while yes, the rooms were on the smaller side, you dont need a big room in the city if you plan on doing a lot of sightseeing anyway. Yes, we were offered a discounted upgrade upon check-in, but we declined the offer and that was the end of it. Other reviewers have mentioned the bathrooms and yes, they are small, and yes, if youre trying to shower early in the morning (say before 7), you may have to wait a few minutes for the water to heat up, but
bubble_30	I was pushed, via e-mail, to upgrade my booking to a bigger, more expensive room from the moment I booked. This continued upon check-in. We were told that our room was not yet ready, but a bigger, nicer room was available at a "special rate" of just $100/night. "Everybody takes it right away", the lady at the front desk kept telling us. When we declined, she kept on pushing that we take the bigger room, lowering the offer to $60/night. "Management is going to kill me", she said. When we still declined, we were taken to a tiny, run-down room without central AC. Once in the room, the bellman told us that we should maybe reconsider upgrading given the small size of the room and the fact that there would be construction room on our floor starting at 7 am. All of this seemed like a
bubble_40	We booked a triple room and received a free upgrade to two queen beds. The rooms were stylish boho in keeping with the location which we liked. The bathroom was roomy but the shower head was basic and more fitting for over a bath. The beds were roomy and comfy but the room seriously lacked storage for a room occupancy of four - a small alcove with a bar and a shelf was all that was on offer - a set of drawers needed please. Breakfast facilities not really missed as great eating on offer in the area. A vending machine on offer on the premises a good alternative but over priced. Free water and tea/coffee also on offer in one of the lounge areas which we used frequently. All the staff were pleasant and helpful including help with bags up to reception and free luggage storage for
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel. Great location very near little Italy. So easy to get anywhere in NYC from the Hotel. All staff were lovely and really helpful. Would recommend anyone to stay we stayed in the delux family room which was perfect.
bubble_50	A fabulous hotel in an even more fabulous area. We had budget rooms but still nicely decorated and perfect for our stay as we were out sightseeing all day. Comfy beds and decent showers. The hotel smelled lovely and all staff very friendly. The area was so good so many cafes/restaurants/bars in walkaing distance. Cant wait to return
bubble_20	We chose this hotel because of the three bed option which was perfect for our family.  We were in a standard family room.  The staff we interacted with were all positive and upbeat.  They all answered our questions cheerfully and with good knowledge of the area and hotel.  However, the cramped nature of the room and the ridiculously small bathroom make this a hotel we would not visit again.  With no exaggeration, you can literally wash your hands while you sit on the toilet.  The bathroom is so small a person can barely move around.  Drying and dressing are an adventure in body parts bonking into walls, fixtures and the door.  The sink is on a pedestal and there is no place for a family to set their bathroom gear.  There is a small shelf under the mirror that you can set your
bubble_50	The Sohotel is the best place to stay in NYC.  It has the feel of an elegant hotel but with extremely friendly and personal interaction.  You step into the open area off the street with aromatherapy candles burning and you feel like you have come home. The staff cares about your stay there and are helpful, cheerful, and very happy to give you directions or call a car service for you.  This is our 5th time there. Love it!
bubble_10	I booked a couple day staycation (my home being renovated down the block)- I am super disappointed by my stay- my bf was able to meet from our of town and this place made our stay awful- it was my bday, I booked a simple one queen bed room, I showed up in morning to leave my luggage with no help whatsoever to carry your stuff from your car (while you can get a ticket) to front desk couple floors up (no elevators ) - I was nicely welcomed initially, when I returned late at night it was a disaster- the front desk guy was miserable, with the upmost attitude- gives me a room with 3 BEDS! not one , not 2 but 3BEDS! it felt like we were staying in a dorm-room or HOSTEL- I ask for the room type I booked only to be told not possible - but I can get it for $60 more a night (supposedly an
bubble_50	Stayed here for 4 night while visiting New York.   Check in was quick and efficient.     Really quirky hotel.   There was 4 of us sharing and the only thing was that there was hardly any movement space.    On a plus side the beds were the most comfortable bed I have slept.   Tea and coffee was in a communal area at reception.   Staff were friendly and helpful.    The location was also very good right on the edge of little Italy.  Going back again in March 2019 so will def  stay there again
bubble_50	Hidden adorable gem in great location. Boutique hotel close to Soho and many restaurants and shopping. Block from Little Italy and just of china town this hotel is hip, artsy, vibrant and total class all in one. Truly NY
bubble_30	We stayed 1 night in the SoHotel. The hotel is clean and the rooms are clean as well.   We overall liked the stay, but the staff tries to upsell you throughout the whole experience. - I used their mobile check-in and they try to upgrade you by making you believe that your room in not available but a more expensive room is - When you check-in early, they tell you, your room is not available but we can upgrade you to a room that is available - When we decided not to take the offer, when we went to the room, the person that carried our luggage opened the room and said, this is a small room but we can upgrade you to a bigger room.  Again, overall a nice hotel, but it gets a bit annoying if they want to upgrade you for more money every step along the way.
bubble_50	I've stayed here dozens of times and have never had a bad experience! In such a cute neighborhood that it makes it easy to walk to shopping, nightlife, and amazing restaurants. Also great location for most train lines!
bubble_50	unique set-up in common areas & room.  Old style, with nice mix of modern technology & conveniences (ie; electric outlets & USB at every turn!  modern shower & heated floor... with old school wood & exposed piping)
bubble_30	Loved the staff and atmosphere of this hotel.  Unfortunately we had loud neighbors, the sound of which echoed down the halls of the hotel, the doors tend to slam shut and in addition our floor was under construction during the day, so after being up most of the night we could not sleep in or nap. If not for the noise, I would rate this 4/5.
bubble_50	I suggest this hotel because it is worth the price, the staff is friendly and the room was cleaned and comfortable. Metro is round the corner and there was not much noise despite the zone is very busy.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay and the convenient location.  The room was perfect for a family of 5.  The beds were comfortable, bathroom clean and the hotel staff were friendly.  We have no complaints and would easily stay here again.
bubble_50	We moved to Sohotel on the 3rd day of our 3 day stay. We were exhausted already from the first 2 days, so we were glad there was so much to do so close to the hotel. Love the food of Chinatown and Little Italy. Would definitely stay again. Loved the soaps and lotions, loved the beds, loved the character, loved the staff. There wasn't anything I didn't like. I would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	I have now stayed here twice and have enjoyed my stay every time! The decor is beautiful. The staff is awesome and so helpful! We upgraded our room this time and although we had to get excersize walking up flights of stairs, it was worth it!
bubble_40	Great little hotel, great spot clean rooms, staff were very helpful, the only thing would be rooms a bit noisy from other occupants walking down halls and closing of doors etc. would definitely recommend
bubble_40	Great room great location cool bathrooms! very clean and boutique feeling. My new favorite spot in SoHo! Located in the very heart of SoHo so close to all the restaurants and trendy shops. Room was very clean.
bubble_50	This hotel is located in a great area of NYC and has so much charm and character. I love all of the exposed brick throughout. The staff was also very helpful and accommodating. I would definitely stay here again on my next stay.
bubble_50	Our room had three beds, big windows, and a small bathroom. For three adults, we were grateful to have one of the larger rooms. The beds were comfortable, and we were treated very well. The personality and attentiveness of staff were top notch, full of character! Loved the stay - very cozy.
bubble_40	We were 5 ladies and super happy to have found a hotel with 5 'actual' beds.  The room was spacious for NYC standards and the staff made sure that all our questions and concerns were addressed.  The coffee and tea in the lobby were a welcomed sight in the mornings as was the lemon water in the afternoon.  The hotel's location was very convenient for hopping on the subway and also for exploring this very hip and happening part of the city.  BTW the scent as you enter the hotel was mesmerizing and we really enjoyed the bathroom's soaps/ creams and shampoo.  The beds were very comfortable and after very long days hitting the streets, the beds felt like clouds.  The housekeeping staff did a fabulous job of freshening the room on a daily basis and the towels were refreshingly fluffy
bubble_40	Pulling up at the Sohotel we were a little bit nervous as Bowery St looks like a construction site, but not once were we disturbed, nor did we hear any work. We were offered an upgrade from a Standard to a Premier room, for a good price, but we decided to keep the extra money for eating out. We really enjoyed the hotel, the staff were unfailingly friendly and helpful, and full of knowledge and advice about the immediate neighbourhood and NYC, the decor is a mix of eclectic and industrial styles that is so interesting and looks great. The rooms are small and comfortable and has everything required including a shower with great hot water pressure. If we had to mention something we weren't so keen on it was that you can clearly hear conversations in the next room, and hallway. The
bubble_50	The queen rooms actually have better colored paint than the king (bright blue and yellow). Room was pretty small but cozy. In NY you really don't want to be hanging out in the room anyway. Staff was very helpful with a place to store before and after check out. Food in area is amazing. Pretty Hipster neighborhood.
bubble_50	We enjoyed our stay so much that we will be staying here again. The hotel is adorable and comfortable. We loved our room. it was spacious and clean! The staff makes you feel right at home! Great location!
bubble_40	The radiator was very noisy. All fine Else..nice to start the Day with a cup of Tea. In the weekends sine the noisy from Peoples downstairs bar.. bur we were so tilred that it dident bother US that much..
bubble_50	Sohotel is a good place for those looking for a great location, good food and leisure options, plus comfortable rooms. It is very close to subway stations, as well as being in an intermediate position in relation to Central Park and Lower Manhattan.
bubble_30	Nice and friendly staff. Very helpfull. Nice design, boutique style and nice athmosphere. The queen double room very very small ( we were 2 adults and one child ( 3 years old ). The hotel should offer Missed breakfast at the hotel...
bubble_20	For a brief stay it was ok.   it is safe.  the wine bar was very nice.  The staff was nice  and helpful   Ask for a newly renovated room.   The rooms are quiet.  good location to SOHO.   but, There is no elevator, so not a good choice for guests with special needs or older people who cannot go up and down dim steep steps.
bubble_50	As a frequent visitor to NYC, I much prefer staying downtown away from the uptown touristy locations with exception to Central Park and The Beacon Theatre. The Sohotel is a boutique style comfortable hotel with very attentive and friendly staff. From when you walk through the door you receive a warm welcome. Single rooms are on the smaller side however more room in the doubles. The Hotel is located a couple of blocks away from the heart of Mulberry Street in Little Italy. Multiple subway lines within a few blocks as well. If Soho, Little Italy, Lower East Side are where you want to hang, this is a perfect location with all walking distance.
bubble_50	Stayed early January so it wasn't their peak season, very well priced for what you get. BIG room, heated floor in bathroom, great amenities, welcoming staff.  Best part is that it's really close to some great eateries, shops, bars, clubs.
bubble_40	If you like waiting for elevators this hotel is not for you. They don't have any. The staff is friendly and helpful. The location is nearby loads of shopping and great restaurants. We really like the funky industrial decor.
bubble_50	We had a fantastic time staying at your hotel. The staff were friendly, the rooms were very nice and the location was very convenient for us to explore Downtown New York. It has some great eateries around as well. One of the most amazing time of our US trip.. Thank You
bubble_50	Love this place.  We have stayed here several times and it's always great. Staff is always very helpful and friendly. Rooms are nice and clean. Location is also great for food and shopping. Will definitely stay here again
bubble_30	okay not the best but suitable for a one night stay in the city. wish they were a little more hospitable and the electricity worked through the night until the morning. I wish they also had a phone in the room. The room we had was located on the first floor by front desk and fairly noisy in the morning.
bubble_50	Absolutely no complaints, we had a great stay! Very friendly and helpful staff! The room was in top condition! And the location is just amazing! You can discover NYC by foot. I will definitely come back!
bubble_50	The decor was fun, rooms were comfy (although definitely go for the king room unless you wanna stay in a dorm-sized queen room) and the staff was among the best weve encountered in our travels. The best part is we only had to go downstairs to find fabulous food and cocktails at Esther & Carol. After a long day of travel this was a huge bonus. Typically hotel restaurants and bars are stuffy, overpriced and uninspired in my opinion however I would eat there even if I wasnt staying upstairs. Great place, cant wait to head back to NYC and book at Sohotel again in the future!
bubble_50	This is a beautiful hotel in a historic building. The renovations are perfectly done. We were on a girls trip to see my daughter DJ at a club down the road and the family room was exactly what we needed it was fun getting to all bunk together. The staff is very friendly and we loved the neighborhood. We will definitely stay there again!
bubble_50	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel and it was an amazing experience. The room was spacious for a boutique style hotel. The staff were very accommodating and friendly. I could ask for nothing more and my guests and I left with a smile on our faces. Thank you for the great experience.
bubble_40	We booked a standard twin and were early for check in so were asked if we wanted to spend more on the room for an upgrade, which we did. The room was lovely, especially the shower room with heated floor and beautiful decor. Staff were very friendly and helpful It was great to keep fit going up and down the stairs, but the lack of a lift could be difficult for the less mobile The shower and the beds and pillows were all amazing and I wanted to take them all home with me.
bubble_50	Great spot that I highly recommend. Only downside is be prepared  for noise...of course it in NYC, but there is no sound proofing in the hotel. That being said, it is adorable, staff was great, great location and great value...I will be back.
bubble_50	The Sohotel was perfect for our recent trip to NYC. We selected the "Premium Queen Room" as it looked like a nice size for 4 girls - and it was perfect, lots of space in the room for our luggage, good sized (comfy) beds, nice sized bathroom etc.  The ambiance in the hotel is amazing. It smells SO nice throughout and they have a nice sitting area with tea/coffee/water.   The staff went out of their way to make us feel comfortable, they greeted us on every departure and entry. and were super quick upon requests.  As someone who has been to NYC a few times I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone!
bubble_50	Had a great experience here.  Room was clean, beds very comfortable, towels very big and soft.  Check in was pretty seamless and after checkout, hotel called to let us know we had left an important item in the safe.  Very thankful!
bubble_50	Very nice and cozy hotel with helpful staff in a good location for a reasonable price. You can get free coffee and tea all day long what makes getting up much easier. Very central located in between Little Italy and Chinatown.
bubble_50	I stayed in the Sohotel for 4 days and I can tell I wish Ive stayed more. The hotel was really cool and clean, and the staff was always available and worried about my welfare. The hotel is also in the heart of the Soho and close to little Italy and a subway station, which is a plus.
bubble_30	Location is good. Nice stylish lobby, with friendly staff, but that's where it stops. Rooms are smaller than shown, noisy (very loud toilet flushing from neighboring room) and too hot in winter. Cleanliness was okayish.
bubble_40	Great hotel in excellent location. Bonus points for free coffee at the reception :-) Very friendly and helpful staff, comfortable beds, cool vintage look of the entire hotel. Little Italy just around the corner and short walk to borh Brooklyn Bridge and the subway to Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
bubble_50	Was so thrilled to find Sohotel on bookings... The service was unbelievable and the room was so classically rustic.  The bathroom was super w heated floors!!!  So happy!!   Hope we can come back bbecause it was fantastixc
bubble_40	This charming historic hotel could not be in a better location if you are interested in the history, sights and most importantly food of the Lower East-side. The rooms are comfortable, clean and have lovely touches like exposed brick walls and Pendleton woolen mills blankets. The Staff was genuinely friendly and most helpful.
bubble_40	Great Staff, very helpful... great price for the location.  The room was very small and a bit drafty due to the subzero weather but the beds were very comfortable. Free coffee and lots of nearby restaurants and cafes. Would definitely come again.
bubble_50	enjoyed our stay, beautiful hotel, super helpfull staff, vibrant neigborhood, close to subway. maybe room was a bit small but that s common for nyc. had some noise of airblower of restaurant or hotel.
bubble_40	Apart from the fact that the hotel has a lobby on the first floor and all rooms from the 2nd floor to the 4th floor, with no elevator or escalator, the overall property is a very nice boutique hotel. The rooms are comfortable, and staff is very polite and the ambience overall is very nice. They offer free coffee and lemon water at the reception. There are ample restaurants within the hotel building on the ground floor, and ample places to eat surrounding the hotel not to mention restaurants in the adjacent China Town. Though they have a person who will assist with the luggage carry up and down, this is a bit of a drawback. Overall would recommend the hotel. No room service available in the hotel.
bubble_50	We intended staying for 3 nights but due to flight difficulties ended up staying for 6. Staff were amazing and very accommodating. Highly recommend. The location was fantastic with a range of interesting places to eat close by and a short walk to Little Italy and Chinatown. Subway station also close by to get uptown. Great to be able to walk from 9/11 area back to Sohotel.  .
bubble_50	Stayed for five nights at this fabulous hotel. Loved so many things about Sohotel. The staff were so welcoming, friendly and courteous. They assisted us with our luggage and printing of boarding passes. Our deluxe family room on the third floor (one up from reception) was very spacious and comfortable for the five of us. Wifi was free. The room also had usb outlets on the sockets. The complimentary tea, coffee, hot chocolate every morning and afternoon in the lobby was appreciated, especially during the extremely cold weather. The complimentary champagne in our room on New Years Eve was a lovely gesture. Sohotel is located close to a number of subway stations. We found Canal Street station very convenient for accessing midtown and upper Manhattan. Many lower Manhattan
bubble_50	Great friendly staff, loved the decor and lemon water  & coffee in the lobby.  Great craft beer place right next door. Can't wait to come back.  Perfect location to subways & Soho.  No elevator but adds to the charm of the 200 year old building
bubble_50	Great overall experience. The Rooms were on the small side but we mainly there to sleep. Close access to subway system. We used the B/D lines at Grand Avenue mostly. Hotel is between Uptown and Downtown. We walked to the 9/11 memorial.
bubble_40	Travelled with our family of 5 (2 adults and 3 kids) and stayed in the family room. It was a tight squeeze, but we all fit. Great location (especially the bar beneath, but also many train stations nearby, plus Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown and the East Village all a very short walk.
bubble_50	From being greeted at the door and escorted to the front desk to the convenience of having a restaurant,Esther and Carol, right in the building, our experience staying at Sohotel was delightful. We were there during the holidays so the lobby was artfully decorated and coffee and tea were available. The room was a good size especially for NYC. It was convenient to the art gallery where we were attending an opening. To top it off when my sister left her debit card on the table at the restaurant, it was delivered to us through the hotel front desk. Wow! Made an already wonderful trip to the City an even better experience..
bubble_50	This hotel is small and cozy.  The location is convenient to the subway and some nice restaurants are within walking distance. Coffee is available in the morning which is a nice touch. The lobby is warm and welcoming.
bubble_50	We thought the hotel was gorgeous - the renovation was beautiful, the location excellent (800 feet from a subway stop, walking to tons of shops and restaurants.)  Literally the only thing I would change would be greater water pressure in the shower.  the bathroom floors were heated!  Delightful.
bubble_40	We discovered Sohotel years ago when we were just looking for an inexpensive place to stay in downtown Manhattan. We've come back repeatedly because the location is perfect for us and, while prices have risen a bit, the hotel has only improved. Rooms are small but nicely appointed and the staff could not be friendlier or more accommodating.
bubble_50	From the moment we walked in everyone was incredibly courteous and helpful. Location was great. Lots of restaurants nearby and literally a straight shot to the Holland tunnel when leaving NYC. Clean, comfortable hotel with an affordable price tag. Beautiful decor. Youll love it!
bubble_50	great staff, so helpful, good food just steps away.....really cool, hip hotel. the part of town isn't as nice as midtown, but that's not the hotel's fault. Staff was awesome...cant say enough about them.
bubble_50	Everything was great. Easy check in and out. Stored bags after checkout. Large room with 3 beds for our family worked out perfectly. Comfy and clean.Fun location walked to east and west village, Chinatown and little Italy, lower east side..all convenient. Also not far walk to subway uptown.
bubble_40	The room is excessively warm, with no control. The room is just too small for 2 people in the room.  the staff was great. Location is great for access to Chinatown, Little Italy, and subway. May  want to consider a suite the next time.
bubble_30	Beware of standard rooms Offered at reasonable prices to lure Customers: they are small noisy and dirty!  You are obliged to upgrade at 60 US per day staff is nice and helpful location good and close to metro
bubble_50	We LOVED Sohotel. The rooms were spacious with efficient, yet beautiful use of space. The decor was amazing- a chic, eclectic mixture of industrial, steampunk, historic elements and antique oriental rugs. It was unexpected and exciting and perfect for SoHo. The staff was friendly, helpful and very accommodating. The service was fantastic. It was clean, and the beds were fabulously comfortable. They kept our luggage for us the day we checked out so we didnt have to worry about it- which was extremely helpful. Loved the neighborhood and it is right next to Little Italy. Great location.  Our only complaint, and it was minor, is that we were on top of a bar playing loud music till quite late. It was hard to get to sleep. The room had 3 beds, which we loved, being a family of five.
bubble_30	Excellent location right in the heart of SoHo.  The staff was friendly and they validate parking a couple of blocks away. The parking was $92 for two nights which is pretty cheap for NYC.  The room was very small with no sound proofing.  Overall if you are looking for an economic hotel in an excellent location and dont plan on staying in your room other than to just sleep this is good choice.
bubble_50	We had a great experience at the charming Sohotel. Our family had a family deluxe room with 3 beds and our children 18,17 and 12 loved it .My wife and I were just down the hall in a deuce room with two beds that was great for us. The staff is friendly and helpful.Safe easy walks to the train to midtown and uptown .Also easy walks to Chinatown,little Italy and SOHO ..we loved it
bubble_40	I went for a two night stay with my husband and we found the room to be very comfortable. I was a little worried about noise based on other reviews and since our room was located next to the stairwell and ice machine but surprisingly it wasn't too bad. We were on the fourth floor and there was only occassional chatter from outside. The standard room is small but typical for nyc I would recommend upgrading if you have a lot of luggage or plan to spend a lot of time in the room. There are no phones in the room but the room key has a number on the back so you can just call them with your cell for anything you may need.  The entire hotel has a unique but fun decor that I enjoyed and the bathroom with rainhead shower was very nice. I only wish they would have kept water/tea/coffee
bubble_50	Great location close to Chinatown and Little Italy and the hotel is very clean and gorgeously furnished/ decorated. Super friendly and helpful staff. We will return for sure. The beds are very comfortable. The bathroom spacious with superb italian tiles and heated floor ! All newly renovated rooms .
bubble_50	The staff was great. the premier king room was spacious enough and loved the dcor.  The standard queen is quite small but not bad for 1 person. The hotel was very clean overall and the staff went above and beyond to help with.
bubble_40	Sohotel was just what we wanted:  Historic, hip-vibe, great location, quiet room and good value.   Staff if well trained and very accommodating.   The Nolita neighborhood location is wonderful, subway stops are nearby.
bubble_40	Sohotel is in a great location. Its near Little Italy and theres a subway stop around the corner that gets you to Rockefeller Center in about 20 minutes. The staff are very friendly and were very helpful. Our only issue was with the shower in our room (which hosted 5 people). There was hardly any water pressure and not much hot water. There was an extra bathroom in the hallway available for anyone to use which remedied this situation.
bubble_30	The hotel is cute and charismatic (I've stayed here before a couple of times before this latest stay).  Staff is friendly, coffee/tea/water is readily accessible in "lobby" and room was clean.  The past 2 times I stayed I had zero issues with the bed, this time it is the reason that prevents me from giving them a 4.  The bed was highly uncomfortable (could feel mattress springs) - after a day of walking around, it's really one of the most important things to retreat to at night!
bubble_20	I've stayed at his hotel several times, but this time will be the last. Firstly, the prices were outrageous, I paid 80 a night in January and in December nearly 200 per night.  The noise one evening was outrageous, loud music blaring from downstairs until 4am, I complained to reception, and they completely ignored my message. Upon complaining at checkout they said I could use a room for a day. Not much use when I've had no sleep at all and a 16 hour flight to catch.  Avoid this hotel unless you want to stay awake all night. Used to be good but standards have slipped and I will take my loyalty elsewhere.  Also, to the guy operating the door, you had a face like a smacked backside when I didn't tip you for retrieving my bag, I had no change, and was going to tip you upon me
bubble_30	Micro room (which was cold most of the time), larger bathroom than expected. Clean rooms, well-decorated lobbies, pleasant staff. Some social interactions were odd (VERY keen to check my luggage; told me to go outside to enter restaurant which was internally connected). Would stay again but only in upgraded room.
bubble_50	I found this hotel on Booking.com and it was perfect. It is away from the noise and crowds that you find in Times Square but it is definitely not lacking in things to do or see. The hotel is near both Chinatown and Little Italy so you have plenty of choices on where to eat. Definitely stop by The Cannoli King in Little for the best cannolis and delicious limoncello shots and for breakfast a little hole in the wall shop called Egg Shop. There is plenty of little shops to either buy the kitschy souvenirs or some cute clothes.  I will definitely stay here again
bubble_40	Nice hotel located in an area with many good restaurants and you shop as much as like. The room was lacking some facilities like there was no closet and no heating in the bathroom. There was also some street noise.
bubble_30	Almost a boutique hotel, nicely decorated and very well preserved. Loved the amenities!  Staff did whatever they could to answer our needs, however everything seemed very rehearsed, nothing spontaneous. The bellmen were great.
bubble_50	Very freiendly staff, nice rooms, beautiful christmas decoration, quiet at night. Hotels decoration and style doesnt feel like a hotel more than staying in an appartment. Very clean and price was fair, too.
bubble_50	The people at the reception are very helpful, they kindly assisted on our New York Knicks booking without any surcharge. Coffee and tea are complimentary and accessible as from 7am. Truly a great place to stay!
bubble_50	A very nice Hotel in a good location. Standard rooms are not very large, but clean and nice. Bathroom is a little bit old, but large. Staff is very kind. Allthough ther are nice Bars in the same building, the rooms are quiet. Subway Stations for lines B and D as well J are 5 minutes to go. Free Tea, Coffe and water is close to the reception.
bubble_50	We had this weekend trip planned out with my wife and kids. We liked the fact that the hotel has different option in sleeping arrangements. I would definitely advice for each room to have a mini fridge. Traveling with kids can be challenging, a mini fridge would have helped out alot. We managed by using two ice buckets to keep the kids drinks cool.
bubble_50	great hotel to stay away from the busy of the city and at a great price for just a over night stay.  we all had a great time. room was a little small but we all enjoyed our stay. construction needs to hurry
bubble_50	Sohotel is the coolest hotel we've stayed in NYC.  We usually stay in lower Manhattan (east or west side).  Like the vibe and the neighborhood feel down there.  The staff at Sohotel could not have been nicer or more accommodating  The rooms are huge by NYC standards.  We would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	This was a truly exceptional and pleasant stay! The location was exactly what I was looking for, at the intersection of Soho, Chinatown, and Little Italy. The staff were seriously friendly and helpful - I felt very well taken care of. Our dual double bed room was HUGE by NYC standards, particularly the spacious bathroom that included a tub. The finishings were rustic and on-trend. The mattress, pillows, and linens were super-comfortable. And the restaurants that share the building are wonderful; I had a great comfort-food meal at Esther & Carol and a delightfully wine-soaked and pasta-full night out at Piacere. All of this adds up to Sohotel being a great value. I will happily recommend it to friends and family looking for a similar experience!
bubble_50	Great location, access to many good areas with food and drink, friendly staff, very accommodating. The Sohotel is a unique and special spot with great style and amenities. We enjoyed the morning beverages and being able to stow our luggage.
bubble_50	Absolutely amazing!!! The staff is the best staff at a hotel we have ever stayed at anywhere in the world!!  They are so caring and attentive and go out of their way to make sure you have a wonderful stay!! This will be our only hotel we stay at in the city!!! Love the premium rooms and the amazing decor!! Incredible stay as always!!! Thank you sohotel for remembering us and making our stays amazing!!! See you in a few months!!!
bubble_50	Wonderful experience!  Great room with ots of space.  Super close to 3 different subway lines.  Amazing resteraunts less than 2 blocks away.  Comfortable beds amazing character.  Beautiful lobby, marble bathroom with wonderful amenties.
bubble_50	We were in town for a bachelorette weekend and choose this hotel to location .This hotel was trendy , clean and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We stayed in a family room and it was perfect
bubble_40	Great little find in NYC, this charming boutique hotel was a cozy place to anchor ourselves for the night. Close to subway and Little Italy, SoHotel was also a nice reprieve from a city that can sometimes feel like it's choking you (and itself). Definitely recommend.
bubble_50	Enjoyed the quirky, fun decor of this hotel.  Staff friendly and appreciated the help with the uggage. Nice neighborhood and liked being so close to Chinatown and Little Italy.  Lots of good restaurants nearby.
bubble_50	Hotel staff are very friendly and eager to offer any assistance.  Lobby and reception area are very welcoming providing coffee and tea in the morning and infused ice water in the afternoon.  Hotel is located walking distance from great restaurants, bakeries, Katz Deli, Russ & Daughters and subway.
bubble_50	Staff were helpful and cheerful. Staff appeared to enjoy working at Soho hotel and were excited to tell visitors about Soho.  Great neighbourhood and place. Love the Christmas decorations.  Awesome location.
bubble_40	Amazing hotel in a great location. Close to many tourist locations. I can't comment on distance to subways because I walk everywhere. plenty of breakfast, lunch, and dinner options close by. And there are excellent drinking venues close by as well.
bubble_50	Was a great hotel, very eclectic, clean atmosphere. All staff friendly and helpful. Wish it had elevators but was wonderful other than that. Very close to shopping at Soho district. Be careful with booking through a booking site, they charged me despite no prepay, pay at stay....it was resolved but was alittle inconvenient at the time. Recommend hotel
bubble_50	Hubs & I brought his 2 18 year old daughters and our 4.5 year old son to NYC for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. We stayed for 4 nights and 5 days at the Sohotel. We were in a family room (the smaller kind) and it was perfect for us. I'll admit we were not there much. It has a shower (no tub) which was fine because our son is used to taking a shower with hubs in the morning. There are lots of hangers but no drawers. Our suitcases fit under the beds, so we'd pull clothes out of those at night before bed. It has 2 queen beds and one twin. And they were very comfortable. There were more than enough towels for everyone (including 2 towel hogs) and they were large and thick. They provide shower gel, shampoo, and conditioner in the shower which all smell amazing.   The people
bubble_20	The hotel itself is lovely, very nicely decorated. Staff are friendly and the area is in the middle of little Italy, Chinatown and soho.  However, unless youre in the newly renovated rooms- I wouldnt book here. Midtown is the best for tourists, so unless youre wanting to explore little Italy etc, Id book midtown.  The rooms we stayed in were incredibly noisy. You can hear word for word conversations of the rooms next door, reception, everyones doors opening and closing, toilets being flushed, staff conversations, the radiators hiss all night long unless you turn them off and have a cold room.  Our first two nights we stayed in 305 and my mum couldnt sleep one wink it was so noisy, so we asked to leave the property. They offered us a free upgrade to 314 which was quieter in
bubble_30	Hotel is located just outside of SoHo (thus the name). Nice neighbourhood with lots of coffee shops, restaurants and shopping, however the subway could be closer compared to other NYC locations.  Hotel was nicely decorated and the rooms were clean however a bit small, but that is to be expected for the price point and location. The staff were a little awkward, and could have been more friendly. It seemed like they had been coached on providing a high end experience but were being forced to do so. It was also hard to tell who was a staff member as they seemed to dress in everyday clothes. Upon arrival reception tried to up sell to a better room in a manor which felt a bit pushy.
bubble_40	Good location, VERY comfortable beds, EXCEPTIONAL staff. Stairs (4 flights) were an issue for us but we didn't ask about an elevator assuming they would have offered that info. Not a deal-breaker but we'll ask next time!
bubble_30	As we were just staying in for the night, it was a good value and great location for downtown.  We upgraded to 2 queen beds and they gave us the "family suite" which had an addition twin bed.  Room was fairly big.
bubble_50	Very cool location, particularly if you're bouncing between Brooklyn and Manhattan (as we were on this occasion.) Very friendly staff...hotel had great amenities. Lots of great places to eat nearby. There's a Vietnamese grocery a couple blocks down Broome that sells a really good bahn-mi sandwich. Would stay again in heartbeat! No elevator, but that was OK for us.
bubble_40	SoHotel is very clean and excellently located. It is a quirky, no frills hotel.  The staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms are small, so you dont want to spend much time in them, but give you a good place to sleep at night.
bubble_50	Good value for money on a premium location in Soho! Friendly staff and Nice rooms. Located nearby nice bars and restaurants. Both Manhattan as well as Williamsburg are easily accessibly from the hotel.
bubble_20	Our first night at the hotel was fine, check in and slow and laborious after a long flight and cab ride people just wanted to check in, we checked out the following morning, having been awoken by staff in the corridors. On our return for the last night of the trip, we were placed in a room beside a building site, the room was cold and the radiator was hissing all night, along with the stink of cigarettes it didn't make for comfortable stay, I mentioned this on check out but it was completely ignored I felt. Hotel is in a great location and central to everything but needs to up its game. Oh and the showers suck.
bubble_30	We booked a triple room for three people and are staying here now. Staff is very friendly especially Dave. Beds are comfortable and hotel is cute but I was highly disappointed in how small the room was considering it was for three people. One double bed and one single bed. Room was no more than 12 x 12 excluding the very small bathroom also. No fridge or microwave or coffee pot in rooms either. The only way I would come back is if it was only for two people per room.   Kathy - Pa
bubble_20	By far the worst hotel experience in NYC, it is not a hotel it is a youth hostel. Noisy, tiny rooms (not even a wardrobe), unfriendly staff (except doormen), doubtful cleanliness. However location is very good.
bubble_50	Loved the hotel. Had the family room which worked out perfectly. The staff couldnt have been friendlier. The location was awesome. Lots of restaurants and shopping with good access to the subway. I will definitely consider staying at the sohotel again.
bubble_20	Good , safe location with amenities nearby. Be aware that there is no lift to rooms. Loved the funky decor. Woken by arguing staff in lower level ourside our bedroom window.  Could be such a great find but some staff let the hotel down.  And contrary to what I was told on the day of our departure - I was definitely offered a late check out!
bubble_40	Nice place.  Rooms are big for New York.  Family room with three beds only had two chairs, so any time spent in the room was somewhat uncomfy.  No peephole in doors.  No elevators that we found, so accessibility is definitely an issue.  Coffee service starts at 0700, and no in-room coffee.  Within 2 blocks of three separate subway line stations, so that's nice.  And the m103  bus, right outside, takes you north to the Upper East Side.  Transit is excellent.  Park at the garage at 106 Mott street.  They give a discount, and it was affordable.
bubble_40	We stay here a lot because it's near everything we want to see. Also, the rooms are small but very comfortable and quiet. However, the cleaning crew can get really noisy in the mornings, and we were on a different time zone, so it wasn't the greatest way to wake up. If it weren't for that, we'd have had an excellent sleep.
bubble_40	We got upgraded for free, we had a room with two kingsize beds. The hotel looks very beautiful, I loved the overall design from the hotel, photograp worthy. I can't remember the name of the woman who helped us (blond, nice glasses haha), she gave us some recommondations for food and was extremely helpfull. The room was clean and really pretty and the beds a-ma-zing!
bubble_40	The room was exactly as the photos. Very spacious and the beds very comfortable. The decor is cozy and the location of the hotel is great, just about 4 blocks away from the soho area. The staff is very friendly. They assisted us with large umbrellas during the days that it drizzled and rained without charge.There is construction noise going on in the same building and close to it. They dont have telephones in the rooms so we had to bring down our heavy luggage on check out, and since there is no elevator, it was tough to do because the stairs are steep.I would definitely stay again. But new guests must be aware that there is no elevator.
bubble_40	nice boutique hotel in good location. very friendly staff. quite large deluxe family room for 5 people. good beds Only downside is much street noise during the night. I can definitely recommend this hotel to friends.
bubble_20	Fabulously helpful staff and friendly and welcoming. Pretty lobby. But then the room-- the sheets, blankets and lobby were pretty dingy. And sadly the windows did little to keep out the noise of the streets. I've stayed in better hotels for the price in this neighborhood. They are undergoing a renovation to have an elevator which I understand will be ready in a couple of years, so maybe they will upgrade the rooms then?  But I have to say -- the staff were great.
bubble_50	I took our creative team here plus our two teenage kids for 5 days. The hotel is stylish and comfortable and had the added benefit of a room with 3 double beds which was great for us. Some of the rooms are a little noisy as they overlook the main street so if you are staying over a weekend I would suggest either ear plugs or requesting a quiet room. The staff of the hotel are so nice - really friendly and helpful and though there isn't room service there are restaurants right under the hotel that you can access till late. Piacere does amazing pizzas. The Queen rooms are quite small but I think that is typical in NYC and it was fine really. I have seen some comments about it being too dark in the rooms and they aren't the brightest but we found them cozy and it didn't really
bubble_50	Fantastic location, near many restaurants, all kind of shops (modern, classic and high-end) and metro. Friendly people and clean rooms. All you need to experience NYC in its best way. Can't wait to come back
bubble_30	Very nice area, but a little expensive compared to service, room and the very small bathroom. No breakfast makes it even more expensive. But the staff in the reception is very nice and helpfuomll. One day the room was cleaned after 6 pm - a little late, i think.
bubble_40	This place has an amazing hotel room that has room for 5 girls... very tough to find room for 5 in the city in a single room. Went for a girls weekend and totally loved it. Eclectic hotel vibe! Cool decor. Friendly staff. Great location. Highly recommend if you want a cool hotel that has room for plenty of friends.
bubble_50	Great location in Soho, modern, contemporary style hotel. No food available at the hotel (free tea & coffee though) but plenty of cafe's, restaurants and bars on the same road and walking distance to lower Manhatten/financial district. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Stayed with my husband and 2 children and had a room with 3 beds so children had a separate bed each. Great base for visiting the city.
bubble_50	Loved that there was bed options for 5 people! No pullout couches here, everyone had a bed and that seems so rare to find these days! Attractive style and charming brick walls. This trip was a girls birthday trip and we loved the amenities and location. My friend who lives in NYC was THRILLED to see it was located in one of her favorite parts of town. It was located within a block of multiple charming coffee/brunch shops too! Check out Butcher's Daughter for breakfast! Will DEFINITELY stay here again!
bubble_50	Very stylish boutique property, staff was all very friendly and professional. Lots of great places to eat or grab a drink within walking distance. Check in and Check out experiences were quick and easy.
bubble_50	We had a 5 night stay at Sohotel and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. It is in a great location in Soho near to some great places to eat. The staff are very helpful, the rooms clean and comfortable and the common areas really interesting. Our only comment would be that the soundproofing could be improved but that did not impact on our wonderful stay!! Would definitely return and recommend to friends.
bubble_30	So Beautiful and Very Quaint for a 20 year Wedding Anniversary overnight getaway!!!!!!! Original wood a must see.   Staff is very pleasant.  Hotel Needs better sound proof walls or doors from hallway noise!!!       Good location to skip on over to Little Italy for a glass a wine & a nice walk to the village for sports bar.          "cG"
bubble_50	Authentic old hotel. Quirky lobby as is on second floor. Artwork and atmosphere excellently maintained and put together. Old without the musty smell. Gritty but fun neighborhood. Excellent location at thee Bowery and Broome Streets. They say they are looking at putting in elevator.
bubble_30	Good location, but small cramped room. They advertise for a family of 5. Hell to the no. Maybe 3 max. The guest waiting area is beautiful but the rooms dont do it justice. And no elevator. We had 9 heavy bags.
bubble_40	This hotel has its own character and style. It is not the standard hotel that feel all the same  everywhere, but a smaller place with tasteful decoration that makes you feel in a special place. Location is great, if you prefer staying away from the crowded places like Times Square. Chinatown, Soho and Little Italy giving a lot of variety close tot the hotel. There is no elevator, but the staff helps with the luggage and it is really no problem for us.  If only the rooms were a little bigger, with more place for the suitcases, it would be even better
bubble_30	Major construction was on going our four nights there. No one mentioned it when I booked the stay. You had to be careful not to trip over the uneven floors &debris. The workers started at 8:00 a.m. & shouted to each other while using noisy power tools. Still, no one said anything!  Our second night we were given a  bottle of champagne. While it was a nice gesture, a price adjustment would have been more appropriate.
bubble_40	Good hotel for New York.  We chose 'cause it was out the way a little, but with excellent options for the subway.  We had an issue with the room, but on asking the staff immediately assisted and allowed us to move (lack of natural light and right next to smoking area).  Staff could not have been more helpful.  Both rooms were a decent size for the family; comfortable, clean etc.  We never suffered from any noise issues with other reviewers have commented on - our 2nd room was above the bar, and still no issue (staff said it would be quieter on the days we stayed [Sun to Thu]).  Overall a good choice.
bubble_10	Card key kept breaking and needed to be fixed by the front desk. The room was small Lobby had a bad smell, as if I cheap air freshener was sprayed inside to mask a worst scent. Room is very old looking, tiny, and dirty. Quality of the room is equal to a motel.
bubble_30	Although quaint and contemporary (unusual combo but true), clean and a friendly staff, our hotel stay here was tainted by our booking.com experience (price gauge) and the degree at which you could feel the party vibe below - vibrations and noise.  Worth a try though as you might have a better situation in another room.
bubble_50	The Sohotel is situated in Soho near Little Italy and Chinatown. There is plenty of quality bars and restaurants around. The hotel is located near the metro/bus station of Bowery. We stayed in a 3 beds room which was clean and well decorated. The bedding was comfortable and the room was calm. I recommend Sohotel for a great stay in NYC.
bubble_50	Enjoyed the style of the hotel, the staff were great, and the price for the location was more than reasonable.  The area is slightly noisy (it's NYC, after all), but overall, we enjoyed our stay and would stay here again.
bubble_40	The hotel is comfortable and well-run.  In keeping with the neighborhood, the various sitting areas in the lobby and on the floors feature an eclectic array of chairs (zebra and tiger print, black velour) and reading material.  Exposed brick walls, industrial wood are throughout the hotel, three restaurants (which we did not dine at because we had other plans), complimentary coffee (very good) and tea. Our room was about 110 sq ft with bathroom, with similar exposed brick and wood shelving, black pipes with hangers served to hold clothing.  We faced on Bowery Avenue and we were impressed by the sound insulation in the room.  With the a/c on, we were not disturbed by street noise.  The staff was attentive.  We needed an iron and ironing board; they were brought promptly.  As
bubble_40	Great hotel for a girls weekend! 5 girls in a  family style room. Beds for everyone. the staff was great! only downside was there was no place to store clothes and toiletries. We had to live out of our suit cases.
bubble_50	Sohotel is a real strike in lower Manhattan! Got a great feeling from the very start. Cool and cousy interior. The staff was incredibly serviceminded, warm, welcoming and helpfull thru our entire stay. Big plus for the free coffe, tea and fresh water in the lobby! Great location near several subway stations. We stayed for a week and loved every second. Definitivt staying in Sohotel next time in NY. And once again, mad props to the great staff of this nice hotel!
bubble_40	Excellent but should let people know that there are no elevators.  Location is very good and the hotel itself is very nice.  Felt very much connected to that area we wanted to be in.  No breakfast or bar is manageable given the many options available in the area
bubble_50	Super Clean and Nice. Staff Professional, Friendly and Helpful. Great for Family's. So close to everything. Shops, restaurants and Public Transit. Price was an awesome value. Loved it and will stay here again in a second!
bubble_50	Great place to stay, metro stations are close and easy to move around, restaurants nearby are great and service was great, would love to come back!! We are a family of four and Sohotel was the only hotel that provided a room with 3 beds! We enjoyed our stay in NY. Thanks!!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay at Sohotel.  The hotel itself has a lot of charm and the staff is very friendly and responsive.  Any needs were immediately met.  Great location and easy to get to and from the subway.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Also very quiet!  Highly recommend!
bubble_40	I asked for a taxi to the airport and the hotel called a limo. Finally, I had to pay much more as I did for the taxi from the airport to the hotel. In general the hotel seems to be good to very good but the queen bed rooms are extremely small and high noise level.
bubble_50	Very friendly and helpful staff. Very nice and clean and proper Hotel in a nice style. Thanks! We enjoyed our stay very much. For example the handling of the room safe and size was excellent. The room was always clean and well done.
bubble_50	Came to the city for a quick stay (one night) and this little hotel exceeded my expectations! Trendy, clean, great location--would come back again! Loved the decor in the lobby, secret club in the basement, attached to a bar. Everything we wanted. Within close walking distance to several bars, restaurants, shops and subway.
bubble_30	The room was very small. Staff was very generous, answered all of my questions and helped. It is an OK place if you want to stay in SOHO, but take into consideration that the size of the rooms are not that good.
bubble_40	I've had a few bad experiences with NYC hotels overbooking, and I found out that was happening when I arrived to check in. Although the front desk was a little abrupt, I found the hotel itself to be really nice. There is a restaurant (Esther & Carol) on the first floor and they were open late for a weary traveler and everyone was kind (and the music was great!)  Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Sohotel. It was elegant and luxurious and the perfect location for my overnight stay. I'd stay here again.
bubble_30	This hotel truly has one of the best locations in all of NYC (perhaps I'm bias but definitely a huge plus!) When you walk into the hotel, your assumption is that it would be nice given the lobby and the attention to details...but the rooms are gross, with no attention paid. I was so confused and disappointed. While I recommend staying here if you're not going to be spending much time in your room, if you are on business and need to take calls and/or work from your room-RECONSIDER.
bubble_30	Tiniest bathrooms I've ever encountered, and I've stayed in plenty of small NYC hotel rooms. No elevators in a multi-story building and no obvious indication on website that this is a "walk-up." Found pubic hairs in bed when I pulled back sheet to go to bed. Compensated with 10% off next stay. Nicely renovated common areas with cool style. Nice, friendly staff.
bubble_40	Wanted to be in SoHo area of NY and looking at available hotels online. Sohotel looked great and reasonably priced. Location was very good, staff extremely helpful, great restaurants in the area, easy for transport or walking. Would recommend this hotel which is charming and would book it again when next in NY.
bubble_40	This hotel felt authentic NY, has great hip decor and nice rooms. I was happy with my stay although would love them to look into carpeting the corridors outside rooms as jolly residents coming back all hours of the night did wake me up!! No noise from the street though as I requested a room at the back which was great. Nice shower, comfy bed. Found it strange the duvez wasn't in a cover but just had a sheet under it, maybe a NY thing?!
bubble_50	Very nice boutique hotel in Soho in the middle of Soho!  Friendly staff, rooms very clean and renovated! Confortable pillows and sheets!  A gem to stay in Soho, walking distance from best spots! Definitely recomended!!!
bubble_50	Great style, atmosphere, location....want to go back when I can stay longer.  Staff is super friendly and helpful....loved the brick and velvet and the coziness. Many dining options and super cool neighborhood.
bubble_50	Sohotel is like a little relaxed island in this sleepless and loud city! If you have had a stressful and busy day in NYC it's like coming home when you walk through the door. A friendly and good organized staff is ready to help you wherever they can. The rooms are super clean and nice. The restaurants at the house are very good as well - especially Carol&Esther and Piacere.  Sohotel is a perfect place to come back!
bubble_50	From arrival to departure our stay was fantastic! Friendly and accommodating staff, comfortable and quiet room, nice products for the bath, great location. Morning coffee service and afternoon cold water available in the upstairs waiting area. Great sitting area, upstairs and down. Bathrooms are clean and small. Newly renovated rooms have larger ones. No elevators so walk up only. Arranged individual transportation to airport for our group. Even shipped a book I left in my room back to me, sans charge. Great customer service. Thank you, Sohotel!
bubble_40	It was excellent, the check in and checkout was very easy, room space is adequate for a 1-3 nights on vacation trips. The complimentary coffee and tea is ok for wake-up and then heading for breakfast at nearby asian restaurants.
bubble_50	Sohotel. Great access to subway, lots of restaurants in easy walking distance. We enjoyed walking through Little Italy and Chinatown feeling entirely safe.  Great location, great price, very friendly reception.
bubble_40	Stayed at Sohotel with my girlfriends for the weekend and it was very comfortable and the location was perfect. Room was spacious and fit all five of us without an issue. Also, loved the bar right downstairs (forgot the name) Would stay here again!
bubble_50	One night solo in nyc. Excellent staff. The lady, guest representative was amazing, very helpful and kind. I'll surely be back at thesohotell very soon. A little discount would be appreciate or at list a free breackfast?
bubble_50	Incredible staff  - Very helpful, friendly, professional. Finally a hotel were you DON'T hear the housekeeping staff cleaning other rooms in the morning (very respectful/quiet, didn't shout down the hallways like other hotels).  - Best hotel staff we have ever encountered (and we travel a lot all over the world)!!  Great location  - Subway is few blocks away, lots of restaurants/bars and museums easy walk, The Randolph restaurants/bars were excellent and pleased they offer hotel guests discounts. - Corner of Bowery & Broome, bordering Little Italy, Chinatown in Lower East Side  Wonderful beds  - Mattress very comfortable, no wobbles when partner gets out of bed middle of night, pillow were amazing  Comfortable quiet rooms  - Thick windows blocked out street noises, air
bubble_40	very good; different kind of experience. I would stay there again. Staff were friendly and always helpful and supportive. The only disruption was the view from the window-there was a building site outside and we looked on to the back yard of other buildings.
bubble_50	Reasonably priced & great location for the Little Italy/Chinatown area. I upgraded to the premium room this time; the pillows & bed were super comfortable and the bathroom was very nice. Staff is friendly and helpful, especially when getting your luggage up & down the stairs (no elevator). Thank you, Sohotel!
bubble_50	Good location, very nice hotel. Room was very small for 5 people. Nice people. Will recommend this place for anybody. It was nice to be near a lot of the attraction areas. No roof top access for viewing the city but that's okay.
bubble_50	I'd never stayed in this part of New York before so I had no idea where was good to stay, but I was more than happy that I chose Sohotel. So first off the staff were fantastic- warm, accommodating and full of local knowledge about places to eat, drink and visit. I sometimes find that when staying in large hotels you miss out on those casual chats with the staff, and it's often in those casual chats that you get a good recommendation for something interesting to see or do.   The rooms are comfortable, not too large but definitely not too small either. Everything was clean and I slept very well in the bed. I've noticed a number of people here writing about the noise from the streets and whilst I don't disagree that the streets do generate some noise, I think anyone staying in New
bubble_50	Really nice hotel and great location and staff!! Good tips, close to public transport and many restaurants in the neighourhood. I'll come back.  The hotel is as you can see on the photo's. Free water and good coffee.
bubble_30	This is the 3rd time I've stayed there, because I generally like the location in the city. However this property continually has issues with noise. Noise outside in the streets at 3AM in the morning, noise in the hotel with people slamming doors.  Pretty consistent, all 3 times I have stayed.
bubble_40	Nice hotel small room there were 5 of us and all beds lined up in a row not too much room but only needed to sleep.  Did not bother us at all. Tea coffee available  - As we were leaving they were renovating the hotel to include food and drinks.  Hotel in Soho area near Little Italy. Would return to this hotel.
bubble_50	We stayed one night at the hotel during a "girls weekend" I had with my 3 daughters. A couple days before check-in I received an email from the hotel asking if I wanted to upgrade our two queen room to a two queen premium room for $60 + tax more. I decided to since there were 4 of us in the room and I wanted some extra space. It was a good choice. The room was very spacious and had a small fridge which I really needed since I had a cake that needed to be kept cool. All the staff were extremely helpful and tried to fulfill all our needs, like coming up with a cake knife, plates, forks. The hotel is very charming and our room was nicely decorated. We were all very happy with it.
bubble_50	If you are looking for a boutique hotel in a great location, this place is very charming and lovely. We had a room with two queen beds and it was spacious enough. It's not a chain hotel, but the service is excellent. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. And, there is coffee and tea in the lobby every morning. It's not fancy but it's a great deal and a nice change from a chain hotel. We would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	We didn't know that we had to pay deposit, so be ready for that.. No breakfast but at least there is coffee in the reception!  What was bad:   We were 5 in a room, and there was no space to open our bags whatsoever, only the beds fitted in the room. The cards (keys) of the room kept not working and every day we had to change it and finally....we could hear people in the other room having some intimacy...  What was good:   Comfortable and big beds; good shower; nice decoration and helpful staff;  Very good location so it has lots of nice places to have breakfast, my favourite was The Butcher's Daughter.
bubble_40	Good hotel in a decent part of soho, easy to get to and from city centre with uber. Only stayed for a night so didn't experience the works everyone is mentioning even though my room was next door to the work
bubble_30	Typical average NYC hotel. Small room, double bed, no chairs (not enough space for a chair and the bed) alcove to hang clothes in, no drawer space, small safe. Tiny bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. Free tea and coffee on reception floor. No lift and seriously steep staircase to 2nd floor. Brusk check in demanded $250 room deposit from either credit or debit card. Be aware if you leave a debit card for the deposit it comes straight out of your account and they advise it can take up to 30 days to be returned. Excellent location on the corner of Broome and Bowery, 10 min walk to Spring St station or Grand Street.  Very close to both Little Italy and Chinatown. After all said, would I stay here again. Definitely yes.
bubble_30	Booked a night at this place, check in time is 3 , which we felt was too late, but they did let us check out late and also stored our bags for us the next day , the staff is very courteous although we were given a very run down smelly room initially which was later changed on request, the rooms itself are very cramped for space, the AC is noisy ,  but that's what you get for that price in NYC , accommodation in this city can be expensive , and this hotel atleast offers a good location right in the middle of soho, walking distance to little Italy and numerous pubs n bars around.
bubble_50	What a great and cool hotel.  It is on the north edge of Chinatown and near little Italy. And it is close to a subway stops ... one taking you north to Grand Central Terminal, Times Square, and Central Park area and one taking you south to Wall Street and Liberty Park.  The rooms had a vintage vibe and were perfect for a family of 5 [2 double beds and a single bed in one room] -- finally a place were the family can stay together without cost an arm and a leg.  The only negative - no elevator.  The hike to the 4th floor can be a bit of a task, especially after walking all day in NYC.  But all-in-all, a great place to stay, with great a helpful staff, clean rooms, and trendy dcor.  Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_10	the room was extremely small. remodeling and consruction noise made my family upset. staffs were not friendly. my room was near construction area. construction started at 9am. I promise that were thunderous sounds. I am not gonna visit again.
bubble_40	We had a fantastic experience at Sohotel! Perfect family room at a great price. 2 adults and 3 teenagers slept very comfortably in their family room. My teens thought the hotel was cool, they loved the brick exposed walls and overall cool vibe. The location is super convenient, walking distance to Broadway shopping, Little Italy, Chinatown, subways, etc. And we just loved exploring all the streets in SOHO. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.   Just take note... we didn't use an elevator. The staff very willingly and insistently carries your luggage for you. We actually preferred walking the 2 flights of stairs to our room to waiting for an elevator in a large hotel.  We definitely plan on staying again!
bubble_50	I booked this hotel through a travel agent and asked her to find somewhere that was trendy yet located slightly away from the main tourist hot spots. Sohotel ticks all those boxes.   The hotel is a short walk to the subway and has some great bars, restaurants and cafes near by.  Little Italy is on the door step. Our room was small but that's New York and your only there to sleep, which we did as it was quiet! The decor was great too with exposed brickwork and industrial flourishes.   All the staff were very accommodating and helped with out final transfers to the airport.   When I'm back in NYC I'll stay at this hotel!
bubble_40	This business is a very promising enterprise. A historical building, restored and redirected to fit in the hotel business with lots of spacy area. A nice entry hall, big arm chair invite you to rest a little bit, a water/cafe/tea fountain is to your service, maps and reading stuff if you are interested in. Hotel runned bars and restaurants provide the traveler with food and drinks. Rooms are comfortable, beds really cozy, bathroom with big and soft towels and spa products. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Downside: no elevator. If you travel with kids you must do stairways...wifi gratis.
bubble_40	Found this on Hotels.com looking for a hotel with functional family rooms, and this was perfect for our needs. Nice room, very friendly staff. Only minus was the location. We had trouble finding an ordinary place to have breakfast in the area and it was a walk to the nearest shop to buy drinks and snacks for the room.  Will come back next time I need a place with family rooms in Manhattan
bubble_50	Have just returned from a 5 night stay with my daughter . This was a 'bucket list' holiday and as such we wanted it to be perfect . The hotel didn't disappoint from the moment we arrived and were greeted by the most helpful doorman ever, Singh,  to the great desk service , we knew we had picked a good hotel . Our room was a standard double queen room on the 1st floor. The room was quite large and had a beautiful exposed brick wall which added to it's unique charm. We didn't plan to spend much time in the room but the beds were so so comfortable and the hotel offered complimentary tea/coffee each morning and evening meaning we often left the hotel slightly later than planned. Totally Perfect location as was far enough from midtown to get a true Newyork experience but near enough
bubble_40	Cool location. Brand new room. No breakfast. Really nice desk service. No elevator until reno is done. Thoughtfully laidout room. The quality of hotel beds has come up massively in the last fews years (just meeting my 200 charactors).
bubble_30	Not that we didn't already know that hotels in NYC are super tiny, but this one really took the cake! It was different from the room we booked online, but in all fairness, the staff were really understanding and upgraded us (still had to pay extra though) The room had a nice print out of nice places to eat nearby, which was really helpful... we took on most of their recommendations and they weren't wrong!  Location wise is perfect, right next to Little Italy which had some fantastic restaurants.  The subway station was close by also... always a plus
bubble_50	This place is gorgeous and perfectly located in Soho. The hotel is pleasingly efficient with focus in all the right areas--no coffee or room service in rooms, but free coffee and tea in lobby when you need it. No stairs, but lovely doormen to lug your heavies for you (shout-out to Singh!). Wonderful amenities in environmentally friendly dispensers. Very comfy beds. Fridge for your leftovers from the hundreds of amazing restaurants in this neighborhood. Beautiful design everywhere. Smells good. Very advanced digital experience (check in, check out, ask for feedback, all via iphone). My only suggestion is that they install soft-close mechanisms on doors--the slamming was pretty incessant and could be easily fixed.
bubble_40	We headed to New York with 5 girls and all wanted to stay in the same room. Little did I realize those rooms are tough to find (unless you want a $$$$ penthouse suite)!   Sohotel had the perfect deluxe family room with two queens and one twin. Free coffee and tea! Cool street with trendy restaurants and bars and right next to little Italy!   Only thing I needed was for the window unit a/c to be a little more powerful... I like sleeping in ice cold.
bubble_40	Stayed three nights with a work colleague at the Sohotel.  We upgraded to the double Queen room and were not disappointed. We both slept like babies and had plenty of space during our stay. The bathroom is also very spacious, well appointed and clean, clean, clean! Staff was friendly and helpful without being over bearing and the location couldn't be better in the heart of Soho. A couple of words of caution, there is no elevator. Staff was more then happy to lug bags but people with disabilities or just folks not wanting to hike up a couple of flights of stairs be warned. We were more than happy to get our cardio in knowing we had our comfy beds waiting at the other end! The other thing would be the smart TV. The channels basically crapped out after a certain #. Not sure if the
bubble_20	The lobby and reception areas are very beautiful. The hotel is close to a couple of different train stops- which is very convenient! However during the week there is construction work going on. It starts at 8.15AM and sounded like a heard of rhinos running up and down the stairs, followed by incessant drilling and what sounds like constant arguing in possibly Chinese? If I hadn't been so dog tired and disorientated  by being so violently awoken after I'll admit a couple of late-ish nights and NY coctails, the arguing might even have been amusing. We had a twin room. It was pretty small but the beds were very comfy!! The shower head was a bit dismal too.
bubble_40	I continue to work my way through NYC hotels, and this place stood out firstly for its location, right around corner of Little Italy and Lower East Side, and for its design. The room was spacious, the bathroom modern and clean and free wifi. Staff were helpful with luggage and there is free coffee. I cant say I found it loud and again, will be happy to return. And what a great place to be in!
bubble_40	We stayed here only for 1 night while visiting relatives. Thankfully we managed to check in early by upgrading our room for a nominal fee (normally $100 but gave it to us for $50).  The only drawback I really see for some people is that there is no elevator in the building. Staff will assist with luggage up and down the stairs. However, the stairway is narrow so I would not recommend this hotel if you have physical issues with stairs.  Reception is up one flight of stairs from the street entrance. The staff is very pleasant and helpful. They have free coffee and tea in the reception area; wifi is also free for guests (info is on the keycard).  We were given room 425, which looks out into the corner of Broom & Elisabeth. I'm a fan of exposed brick, so that was a nice design
bubble_50	I stayed at the Sohotel in Ocotber 2016 in a family room for my younger brother's birthday.  The room was immaculate, had three comfortable beds and high ceilings.  The staff all had bubbly, fun personality which made our stay even more enjoyable.  The building is located in the historic Bowery Neighborhood and gives off a funky modern Gangs of New York vibe if you can imagine that (I highly suggest reading the history portion on their website). The lobby has fun dcor and a lively atmosphere.  The location is easily walkable to East Village, Greenwich Village, Little Italy, and the Brooklyn Bridge.  If you've never been to NYC I highly suggest walking the Brooklyn Bridge, day or night, for some stellar views of the city.  If you want to venture further into Brooklyn I suggest
bubble_20	NYC is supposedly a 24hr city, so if you came here not to sleep, this is an affordable, well situated budget deal. I was booked here for work. Doors slammed all night and I was kept awake by the person in the next door snoring ! the room was taller than it was wide. I mentioned to the front desk that there was absolutely no sound proofing : anywhere. They knew and moved me from the 1st floor to a huge room on the 4th. There's no elevator and it was construction site. Literally. As I came in I had to allow labourers with rubble sacks to pass me. The entire floor smelled of wet plaster and dust There's no phone, no iron, TV "went out",  there no tea and coffee making facility so you have to walk down to the front desk where inly available during certain hours. the traffic noise
bubble_50	Stayed 4 nights in 2x queen room facing away from the street. The room was a nice size and particularly quiet for NYC--it was amazingly quiet in fact. Everything was very clean and tidy. The all-day coffee is actually tasty.  Staff members were friendly.  They included toothpaste in the amenities, which is a thoughtful touch (I always have to run the the drug store right away otherwise).  This may be weird to mention, but the lighting was amazing--there was so much of it!  I stay in many hotels where there is maybe one lamp.  This room had many overhead lights controlled from the bed.  Weird to comment on, perhaps, but kind of like the toothpaste--a thoughtful pleasant touch.  Location is great--close to subway, close to very excellent little restaurants, basically in Chinatown,
bubble_10	Hotel was ok. Reservations and front desk was terrible. I provided tax exempt info before my stay and at check-in. In addition to losing my second night reservation, the staff debited rather than credited my card for the tax exempt portion of the stay. The manager then refused to make good and accused me of not providing the right information when I called to correct the error.  Lots of other hotels handle this stuff easily. Not Sohotel.
bubble_50	We had a company dinner and didn't want to make the trip back home afterwards so on the reccomendation of a co-worker booked 1 night at the Sohotel.  What a great find, the location was excellent kind of in the middle of where we needed to be, the room was huge by NYC standards, i'm sure the free upgrade that we got helped,  for being on the second floor facing Bowery Street we heard zero street noise.  The bathroom was tiny but well appointed and the waterfall shower was wonderful, the water was nice and hot.  The checkin and out process was extremely quick and painless and they even held our luggage whiile we were in the city for the day.  Absolutely will come back next time we need to go to NYC>
bubble_40	Really helpful and accommodating after we got "rained out" from original location. Friendly and sympathetic staff. Position is excellent for access around Manhatten, close to subways and also not too far (walking distance) to Brooklyn Bridge. Would definitely look to book again.
bubble_50	Stayed here as part of a family road trip that started in New York and finished down in Florida.  Being 5 of us in total, 2 adults and 3 kids trying to find somewhere that could accommodate us all in one room was proving difficult - but this place has family rooms that fitted the bill - two queens and one single bed which, although the room was small (to be expected for New York City) - our stay was extremely comfortable. We originally looked into AirBnB but found the prices quoted at this hotel were cheaper than what some hosts on AirBnB were trying to charge.  Plus, finding a hotel lit up with blue neon late at night was easier than trying to find some private apartment building elsewhere; especially after getting off an 8 hour flight - we arrived, met at the stairs leading up
bubble_10	I often travel to new york. In this occasion i did not stay at my usual hotel because i was travelling in a group of 5 people and staying at Sohotel resulted more convenient. I landed in NYC at 8am after a 7 hour flight from London. I spent the whole day up to 3pm wondering around waiting for the room check in to open. When i got at the hotel, exhausted and needing a shower they expected the whole payment for the room immediately (2700$). The other 4 people i was going to share the reservation with were arriving at 10pm and I didn't have enough money to pay the whole booking as we were supposed to split it in 5. I asked if I could pay my part only and the rest of the group payed later but they refused. I proposed to leave them my credit card and computer, I just wanted to relax
bubble_50	My friend and I stayed recently at the Sohotel in Broome Street in the SOHO area of New York What a great place! Perfect location in a very cool area with numerous restaurants, cafes and shops  The hotel is beautifully designed with comfortable public rooms and smart bedrooms The staff were very friendly, helpful and a particular mention must be made of Singh who met us each day with a big smile together with the weather forecast, thanks   Would recommend to the discerning traveller
bubble_50	While the room was small it was modern, inviting , and clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. Would defiantly return. Surprising quite for a room at the front of the building even with the window open
bubble_40	We stayed at the Sohotel for two nights. The location was ideal, right in between Soho, Little Italy, and NoLita. We were steps from restaurants, stores and the subway. Staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. We arrived early and were accommodated with early check in. They recommended parking, but we had already reserved nearby garage parking through a parking app (cheaper, and they had a spot reserved in advance). Upon check in we received a card with a list of shops and restaurants. We tried two of them and they were excellent. Don't hesitate to follow that list. Our room was right off the second floor lobby. If we were to stay again I might ask for a room on an upper floor. It's an old hotel but the rooms were recently renovated. Our room was small but fine for the amount
bubble_30	I would definitely consider staying here again as the hotel has a great location close to restaurants and sightseeing attractions and in a very nice area of Manhattan. The hotel is very stylish and the personel was very friendly. They are serving water, coffee and tea in the mornings and afternoons which I think is a nice gesture. Our room was not perfect however with a loud noise (from the pipes?) going on and on the whole night. As we had a family room with 4 beds (which we assumed was not the regular size) and as the kids were asleep, we didn't request a new room. When I mentioned the noise when we were checking out they however told us we should have requested a new room. (I think though that they should make sure to put people in quite rooms instead of the room with the
bubble_40	The room was nice and spacious, the hotel is located in Nolita next to Chinatown and Litte Italy. Very hip neighborhood full of great restaurants and bars. Close to the subway. Very comfortable. The staff was very helpful and nice...
bubble_40	My daughter and I spent 3 nights here last weekend to attend a wedding.  On the first night we arrived we were very disappointed as we were given Room 310 which was like a corridor with 2 single beds end to end and a window overlooking a wall.  Next morning I spoke to Vidya about this.  She knocked on our door 10 minutes later, told us to pack up our bags and they would move us by the time we came back from brunch.  When we returned, we were given Room 315 which was perfect!!!! It overlooked the street and was very bright and sunny. We loved this hotel - the staff were exceptional.  All the receptionists were friendly and helpful, particularly Vidya.  We loved Singh who was based on the door downstairs and was charming.  He explained to us how to get to JFK by public transport
bubble_50	Very friendly staff and a lovely hotel. We stayed in one of the new refurbished rooms upstairs, an extra $40 a night but worth it. The bathrooms are much nicer and the rooms a little bigger.   Very nicely decorated and finished and in a great location. Very good for the price.
bubble_30	Stayed her for 3 nights during March. Hotel has quirky decor that marks it out as a different hotel;may not be to everyone's liking! Friendly staff throughout the hotel. Its in a nice location in SoHo and is great of you want to visit Little Italy and Chinatown. The rooms though are intolerably small! Barely enough room to walk around the bed. If you have 2 suitcases you are in trouble! Rooms were clean, warm and they had very comfortable beds. Overall the hotel is really nice and is uniquely different and suited to Soho. Aside from the size issue it is somewhere I would recommend.
bubble_50	Very clean and comfy hotel. The family room for 5 is comfy but really for a family with kids and not 5 adults. Staff are very kind and accommodating.  Awesome location with a lot of eating places with quaint names in the neighborhood. Would recommend to anyone.
bubble_40	We really liked the feel and vibe of the hotel. The staff was friendly and available. The room was a very nice size (we had the family room) and nicely decorated. The beds were very comfortable. There was always coffee available and the cold lemon water and mints in the lobby were nice. The Grand St. subway stop is just a few of blocks away, not as convenient as other hotels we've stayed in, but not bad at all. My biggest complaint would be that our room (341) was right by the custodians' closet so housekeeping would congregate right there and be in and out of the closets and the stairway at the end of the hall, which was loud at times. The smaller downsides were a loud tapping noise in the bathroom related to the water, poor water pressure in the shower, poor TV reception (on
bubble_30	My husband and I took our family of five on a road trip from FL to NYC. We have triplets age 10.  The good - The hotel is clean and the location was perfect for food and getting on the train. Located inside Little Italy we had no problems finding pizza quickly. There are two nearby metro stations that will get you anywhere you want to be in Manhattan.   The not so good - It's a big city and we visited just after the blizzard. Finding a way to get the car unloaded wasn't for the weak. Five of us and five bags with snow on the banks and a busy street made our first interaction with the hotel unappealing. You enter on the ground level. Someone walked by and said another person will be with us. There isn't a check in desk on the floor level that you enter on. Also there is not an
bubble_30	Was very excited to stay here because of the cool pics online, great decor and art on the walls and very vintage. Though the lobby was great, the room was SO tiny. And because the building is old you can hear every creak and sound through the walls and the ceiling. I was woken up by loud banging coming from the room upstairs. And the radiator also made noise. Unfortunately I'm a light sleeper so this was a problem for me. If you don't mind the noise and are into vintage furniture this is the hotel for you. If not, don't bother.
bubble_30	i was a solo travel and stayed for two nights.   the pros great location - close to various subway lines, shopping, and restaurants. clean, comfy, decent size room - not spacious yet enough for a single person. i stayed in a standard room which had full size bed with desk, chair, standing multi level self, night stand where draw served as a safe and ample power outlets by the bed. decent size bathroom with stand shower with handheld and overhead showerhead, shower toiletry, body lotion, hand soap, and hair dryer are provided.  the cons no elevator so from reception to room, you will have to go up steep stairs. the noise level is not great as you can hear when people are in hallway or when furniture is being moved above you and if your room is near the stairs you can hear people
bubble_50	We have stayed at the Sohotel 3 or 4 times now and it is such a find.  It is clean, clean, clean and has a very comfortable yet chic feel to it.  Located in SoHo you can get to everything but don't have to deal with the high noise of Times Square.  We feel like home when we are there.  A very special thank you to Corey, Singh, Sam and Charleston for making our stay extraordinary and going above and beyond their jobs to help us or make suggestions.  I can't say enough about the employees, they are so dedicated and professional.  Also the Sohotel offers complimentary tea and coffee twice a day.  What a lifesaver to not have to leave the premises for a cup of comfort.
bubble_50	We stayed at Sohotel in a triple room with our teenage son. The room was smallish but very comfortable. The hotel management  was extremely accommodating and helpful. Everyone associated with the hotel was pleasant and friendly.  In terms of location it can't be beat. On the edge of Little Italy, near China Town and close to Soho.  We will be back.
bubble_40	We stayed here while traveling to NY. I appreciated a lot that we got clean towels every day.  Our Room was clean and comfortable. Stuff had no problem to give us tips, maps and advices. There was plenty of water in the lobby.  We enjoyed it here. But do not expect super duper service and huge amount of space.  The most positive thing was that it was close to 3 different subway lines and walking distance to interesting parts of NY.
bubble_40	Stayed over the weekend with a friend in a double room, two beds. Good location close to lower east side bars and restaurants in an area that still have that old NY feeling. Roomsize ok for NYC, clean rooms and facilities, good service from the friendly staff. I will for sure considering staying here again.
bubble_30	I have a daughter who just moved to the Sohotel neighborhood that we visit often so I was excited to give it a try.   I arrived after traveling all day.  I was told by the reception group that there was "some construction" but it would be done by 5:30.  I had an event that evening that I knew would end late. I was a bit leery and should have been because when I was shown my room on the forth floor there was not only construction but loud drilling and banging noises from the room next door!  I tried to read, putting in my headphones to drown out the noise, but couldn't and ultimately went down to reception. I just wanted to ask as it seemed my floor was the only place (after walking the others) where the construction was taking place. The manager told me there was nothing he
bubble_40	Sohotel is a very good alternative for a NYC visit. Located right across the street from Little Italy and very close to China Town, and walking distance to most of the "must visit" places in the lower east side. It is also very close to a subway station, which also makes it easy to go to any other place. The people are very kind and willing to provide a good experience. The room was clean and confortable, even though it was a little tight. I would definitely come back.
bubble_40	This hotel has a great position in Manhattan. The hotel staff were friendly and very helpful. Since they are a boutique hotel, they don't have a restaurant but the lounge areas are so comfy and they serve complimentary coffee all day which is a lovely breakaway from the small rooms. Having said that, most hotel rooms in NYC are small. The room we stayed in had two queen beds and the bathroom was amazing. Room service was great in terms of replacing towels and freshening up the room. If you have loads of luggage, it would be good to keep 2 big bags in this room and ask the hotel to store the rest of your luggage to create more space in your room. I found no issues with this hotel and I will definitely come back to stay here again!
bubble_50	We were fortunate enough to pick this hotel for our recent trip to New York for New Year's Eve. It exceeded all our expectations and then some. Friendly and helpful staff, great location and hospitality. Not to mention the complimentary tea, coffee and iced water that is available throughout the day. Most importantly we were extremely impressed when we came back to our room after a long day exploring this beautiful city, to find a iced cold bottle of prosecco awaiting us accompanied by a "Happy New Year" from staff at Sohotel! Needless to say this was the cherry on the top for us. Lovely gesture and great Hotel!
bubble_40	You'll enjoy the kindness of the people there (really, they make the difference!) and the cleanliness of the rooms. Decoration is remarkable. There for a stay in our trip down to Philly. No regret...No hesitation, this hotel is a great choice! And you get a 20% discount coupon for your next stay!
bubble_50	Really enjoyed our stay at Sohotel. The Soho location is perfect, right alongside little Italy and a touch removed from the madness of Times Square.  The common areas of the hotel are really charming, it really felt like home whilst we stayed here over Christmas. The beds are great and housekeeping does a great job of tidying everything up whilst you're out. The staff here are outstanding, incredibly personable and friendly. A special mention to Singh and Amanda who greeted us upon arrival and were always happy to chat/help when we saw them.  Thanks guys.
bubble_40	I got an amazing rate for the family room so we cancelled our 5-Star hotel reservation and took a chance on the Sohotel.  I'm glad we did.  Our room had 2 queens and a twin--a bit odd, but perfect for my 5-person family!  The room was clean and well appointed.  The hotel itself is in a landmarked building on the corner of Broome and Bowery, which is right at the doorstep of Little Italy, NoLita, Chinatown and the Lower East side.  Yes, the building is older there are no elevators and the rooms are a bit narrow,  but this is New York, people!  We added a day and took a double room--this room had been recently renovated and had a big bathroom with a heated floor a really good TV and new beds.  Very comfortable!  All of the rooms are nice and quiet.
bubble_50	The hotel was perfect! Great location right in the Soho district and Little Italy. There was a subway station right around the corner for easy access to the Midtown attractions. The staff was so friendly and helpful. If you have tried the Times Square hotel scene and are looking for that perfect spot just outside the madness but close enough to experience NYC this is the place. We will be returning.
bubble_50	The Sohotel is charm, originality, coziness and space, I loved it! Red brick walls, cool staff, warm vibe, Christmas tree & decoration over the top, a fabulous grandiose place with a soul, will go again! PS: Left the room for two hours around 5pm, came back, the towel I used was changed! Very much on top of things! :)
bubble_50	A true home away from home! Everyone is awesome.  I cannot recommend this hotel enough. I love it here.  And the recent renovations are stunning! Thank you, Sohotel. You guys are the best, and I am so grateful!
bubble_30	I booked a 5 person bedroom, it was spacious and clean and it was very close to the centre and to public transport etc. The customer service was great, everything I needed or needed assistance with, the hotel was able to assist us with. The only negative I would give this hotel would be the beds, because we started getting rashes on our feet and leg and it became extremely itchy. I think one of the beds we had was broken, which we did report to reception, however it seemed less of a hassle for us to fix it ourselves than for the handyman to actually come and fix it.
bubble_30	This hotel was not worth the cost. I stayed in a family style "suite" with my husband and our three kids. The availability of a single room with three beds was a draw for our family and was the best part of the hotel. Our "suite" was a single, narrow room that barely contained the beds. There was no storage at all but we were fine with the tight quarters. While the room seemed clean, there were a bunch of little flies in the bathroom (tiny, no tub). The rooms were well insulated from street noise but the doors slamming inside the hotel made it hard to sleep. The place really got noisy after 11 p.m. The hotel has no amenities, no elevator, limited television channels and not a lot of common space. The one common room - on street level below the reception desk - was nightly
bubble_30	this hotel is only for youngsters. firstly as you enter there is no elevator. the personnel helps you with your luggage. the corridors of this hotel are very narrow and it gives you the feeling of claustrophobic. the room was very small with no closet cupboards. there are only one open stand for shoes and one hanger for coats installed on the wall/ the toilet seat was small and the toilet squeezed in the corner of the bathroom. that was because they tried to fit a toilet, shower and sink. the shower floor was yellowish because of not cleaning it well. no breakfast served and no option to buy breakfast. they only serve French coffee and tea. nothing else. generally very disappointed and not recommended for people who are looking for a comfortable stay. my friend who is an artist
bubble_50	I stayed at Sohotel for a 3-night vacation, and absolutely loved it! We had a total of four guests in our room, so we stayed in one of their family style suites that has 3 beds (2 doubles, 1 twin). The rooms are nice, but very small. There is only about a foot and a half of walkway space in between the beds and the television. However, when you're in NYC, you do not spend much time in the room anyways, so who cares about the size?!  The actual hotel is very nice. It's super trendy, and has a mix of old school and modern elements. Plus, the location is great, you're a street away from the Subway that will take you directly into Times Square or Brooklyn, and two streets away from Little Italy and Chinatown.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone with a lot of people,
bubble_20	Just returned from a weekend at the New York Sohotel.  We were attending a bridal shower and the Mother of the bride reserved the hotel rooms because of the close proximity to the venue.  We were surprised to find no elevators and very steep steps upon check in.  The rooms were extremely narrow and three beds were lined up like a college dorm.  No closet to hang up your clothes, instead there were medal bars on the wall for that purpose.   The rooms have no telephones, which I found very inconvenient when I needed to contact the front desk.  Also this is a safety issue. No lamps or pictures on the walls.  Very depressing room.  Needless to say the Mother of the bride was extremely apologetic for choosing this hotel.  The bellman, Singh, was the only asset to the hotel.  Always
bubble_10	I reserved my room in March for my November NYC Marathon trip, so was I disappointed when my room wasn't ready until after 7pm on my check in day...supposedly they had a late check out, but just not right! They had us wait in a temporary room for a few hours, then we got our room. Next, the construction above our room caused particles to fall on our food/drinks and belongings as well as disturbing drill noises. They then moved us again! (3rd move!) they only discounted us $150 for all the inconvience...and again our trip had been booked for months!! Not very apologetic either. Very disappointed! At least I enjoyed my first time running the NYC Marathon! I have tried posting my video of the debris falling in our room and all the noise on the fb page, but I think they are blocking
bubble_40	I was staying in NYC for business and selected Sohotel because I found a reasonable place online.  It is a fun, funky hotel with terrific staff.  No phones in rooms and no elevator to the second floor rooms but an interesting, historical building. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	We initially chose this hotel because of the SoHo location and they offered a room with two queens and a twin (they even have a six person room). It is usually difficult to find just two queen beds in NY. The room  reminded me of traveling in Europe with our family.  It had everything we needed:  the room was clean, the staff was extremely friendly, the decor was unique and the location was excellent. There was reasonable parking a few blocks away. We visit New York several times a year and have stayed at many different hotels.  This hotel is now a favorite!
bubble_30	Our dingy room was nothing like the website rooms. It seems they are renovating so some people must strike lucky. The entrance hall looks cool but beyond that it felt like a hostel.  Full payment was required at check in. Wish we'd asked to see the room first. The duvets do not have covers on. Just a sheet underneath. Unhygenic. You can see this if you look carefully at the website photos.   On the plus side, the area was good for eating out, the staff were great & there was lovely free coffee in the lobby.
bubble_50	From the outside, the SoHotel does not stand out but once you walk through the doors it is filled with details of enchanting decor and warm and friendly faces. The people working the desk were friendly and very helpful. We arrived early and we were able to leave our bags for hours while we explored the city. There was a parking lot a few blocks up Bloome St for $38 a day and a $5 discount for staying at SoHotel.  Our room was perfect. Large room at the end of the hall. Two double beds and a twin. Tough find for NYC. The wood floor was an added touch in the room.  The rooms were clean and the beds and 4 fluffy pillows were perfect. The temperature in the room was also perfect. We loved the added touch of the ceiling fan. We were on the second floor. The stairs are a little steep
bubble_40	The people at this hotel have the greatest regard for people, very accomodating.  We are elderly. They bent over backwards to give us a room that was easy to reach.  The room is comfortable, clean, good internet.  Little noisy, but you're in the city.  Great location i the heart of Little Italy,
bubble_40	Cool small hotel with great attentive staff - just had a three nite stay and loved it - yes, rooms are small but you're not in the Soho area to sit around the hotel - room had all modern amenities and a rather larger comfy bed - also provided free coffee and th in the reception - location is fantastic if you want to stay in a hip area - would definitely recommend and go back
bubble_30	An interesting hotel to stay in a interesting area. Staff were great and very helpful. Note there is no lift in the building staff great with luggage handling but access to some rooms could be difficult with the stairs.
bubble_50	We travelled with our two adult daughters.  We selected this hotel based on location and TA reviews.  We booked direct with the hotel six months ahead for a week's stay in a family room and received a further discount to the advance purchase price.  Overall it was a better stay than expected.  Helpful and friendly staff went above and beyond.  Very impressed to find that when getting home after a night out at dinner or a show the towels etc had been changed over for the second time so you had fresh linen for the morning, something you don't expect from a 3 star hotel and something you don't get from most 4 star hotels.  We knew going in there was no lift and no fridge or tea making facilities in the rooms, so no complaints about this; tea and coffee are in the lobby, and ice is
bubble_10	This hotel looks hip from the ground floor room to the first floor reception. However the rooms are terrible. I paid over $200/night for a room that was too small for a closet and only had a small bar on the wall with a few hangers. The room smelled incredibly musty. It was in interior room and did not have a window to an exterior view. The bathroom was extremely narrow and was built into the bedroom. The walls of the hotel are very thin and I could hear people coming and going all night. There was no elevator and i had to carry my suitcase up 3 flights of stairs. No dining facilities available on site.
bubble_50	We had a room for 5 guests for my bachelor party weekend. It was amazing. Your staff treated us so well, comfy and large room perfect for 5 people. Near bars and restaurants and train B/D. Loved it! (Brothers/Sis/Cousin stay)
bubble_30	The first room we had was called "superior", but was just a narrow box around two beds. On top there was construction noise from 8:30 am to 5pm in a way that the walls were shattering. The fact that there is no breakfast is compensated by many very nice breakfast places withing short walking distance (2 Hands, butchers daughter, fiat, ..). Finally we could move into a much nicer room on 1st floor and then our stay was really pleasant. Staff is nice and polite, location is superior to discover NYC on your own feet. Room rates were outrageous but thats NY around this time.
bubble_10	Lots of noises from renovation. No water in room as promised. Clening personnel left dirty wipes and stuff they had used for cleanibg on my bed. They took my waterbottle. No option to leave towels. They organize personal belongings. Rude staff, weird smells, im not coming back here.
bubble_50	Room was recently remodelled and well done. Staff were very helpful. Great location if you want to explore Lower Manhattan..Little Italy, Chinatown, Tribeca and the Lower East side. The only negative is that the rooms are small...but this is New York.
bubble_50	We stayed here in the beginning of August in their family room. The room was a bit tight but we managed to fit 2 adults, 2 16 yr olds and a baby comfortably. The staff was amazing and very helpful. Not having an elevator never seemed like an inconvenience as staff was always right there to help you carry anything to and from your room. Rooms were very clean and modern. Refreshments were always available in the lobby. We would stay again.
bubble_30	I've been many times to SoHotel: always NO ELEVATOR! Anyway the rooms are clean But the Rate Is Too Much Expensive U$D 320 per night is creazy anyway they can offer single rooms as well I think that this hotel is affordable if you go there in a couple
bubble_50	we've spend 3 night at the Sohotel at september. The location of the hotel is just great near by to 3 subway station where you can go easily to all around town. The room was great, big and comfortable, extremely clean. The restroom was big and the shower was big and cool. Above all the staff was just excellent - Nice and helpfull and full of good tips.
bubble_40	The hotel may look odd at the first time but the friendly staff and the cool decoration takes this sensation away. Very comfy room, clean and quiet. I had very good sleeping nights and of course, the location, great!! Close to the subway, helped a lot! Recommended!
bubble_50	Simply put, the location could NOT be better. The staff are amazing. The price is right. For those factors alone, this place deserves five stars. It's important to note that there is no elevator - I wish I had known as I had a torn hamstring and climbing up to the fourth floor after a day trekking the city was annoying at times (but if I hadn't been inured it wouldn't have been a big deal...but important for anyone with some mobility issues to know). And pay extra for the upgraded room with central air if you can. I was in a twin room with two twins. The bathroom was tiny. Not sure how two of us could have stayed in there.
bubble_50	As three friends it was tricky to find a place in NYC with three beds but this room was great and the hotel has so much personality of its own. The staff are very friendly and helpful and the location is excellent! We could walk everywhere or grab the subway easily. There are so many restaurants nearby or a very short taxi ride away. It's nice not to be staying in the tourist filled part of town, you feel more like a local here...especially with great (expat australian) coffee nearby. Would definitely recommend and would stay here again in a flash.
bubble_40	We stayed in room 314 a family room with two double beds and a single bed, In a city where larger rooms are not easy to find this hotel was a great find.  We arrived late at night (2300) and we were welcomed by staff at the door who helped take our luggage from the taxi to reception. The room was spacious by New York standards and was very clean it had both air con and a ceiling fan, although the air con was a little noisy and as such was turned off at night and we just used the fan. The room was reasonably well equipped with hanging space for our clothes and shelves for the smaller items, it also had a TV and an alarm clock one very useful addition was the four USB charging points two on a socket and two on the alarm clock next to the bed. The room also had a safe in it
bubble_50	We were in town for FringeNYC and the theater was in the East Village.  Not being familiar with this particular part of NYC, we spent a lot of time searching for an appropriate hotel -- reasonably priced, family friendly, clean, good location.  Some hotels were either really expensive, or didn't have room for 4.  Sohotel achieved all 4! We loved the trendy atmosphere, and the overall style of the hotel. The rooms were smaller than your average hotel room, but we didn't struggle to fit 4 comfortably.  Bathrooms were tiny but clean and current.  Bell staff was very helpful and accommodating, storing our bags as we checked the sites on our check out day. I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	I've stayed here twice.  The location in downtown Manhattan, near Chinatown and Little Italy is great.  Always something fun going on when you walk outside.  The rooms are a little on the small side, but they are everything you need.  Clean, quiet, CO Bigelow amenities.  Free coffee and lemon/cucumber water in lobby.  Door men and reception very nice and friendly.  Ask for a room on first floor (reception floor) if you cannot do steps.  There are steps coming in from street level to reception.
bubble_50	These folks were really accommodating. I even got an upgrade on a room when the one I had booked was full. Rooms are comfortable and relatively quiet for New York. Loved the locale, the restaurants right on Broome and cafes nearby in Little Italy.
bubble_50	Our family of five stayed in a superior family room, which was nicely appointed, though from the floor map I gathered we did not get the biggest one. It was a bit tight (not much place to unpack), but it was nice and cosy.   Staff there is very friendly and helpful. The area is great, in between Chinatown, Soho, Nolita and Little Italy. You've got plenty of subway lines stops nearby to bring you wherever you need within Manhattan and beyond.
bubble_40	In an expensive, busy unreliable city, the SOHOTEL is a gem. Clean, modestly appointed, and excellent location this hotel is a very pleasant surprise.  We had a 5 berth room, that comfortably slept 5 adults (3 sisters, 2 couples) in 2 queen size beds, and a large single.  The stag are warm, efficient, and extremely helpful.   There is 24(?)hour hit coffee (and tea) in the foyer(lobby), newspapers and TV.  There is excellent free wifi in the room, a/c, ample very clean sheets and towels.   Despite being on the reception floor, front side of the hotel, our room was quiet and we have no complaints.  In the vicinity is an abundance of fine eating and snack houses. The hotel sits on the interface of little Italy and Chinatown. It's one block from Grand St subway entrance, an easy
bubble_40	We loved Sohotel!! The decor was very trendy but welcoming. Upon walking in we were greeted and immediately felt welcomed.  We arrived in town early morning and they held our luggage until our room was ready.  The concierge was helpful and able to give us great information and answered any questions we might have. We were in the city for one day with our 3 kids (17,15,9). The family room that we booked was perfect with 2 queens and a twin. The room had everything we needed and was very clean and well decorated. I love the brick walls!!  The location was great!
bubble_40	Sohotel is located within walking distance to Nolita, Chinatown, LES, Bowery, Soho. There is some renovation going on but we didn't hear any of it from our room. Staff was friendly, though our room was near the "public" toilet and there was a maid's cart left in the hall at all times which caused noise very early in the morning. Regardless, we will stay here again. The rooms are small, but they are bigger than a micro-hotel. This is NYC, rooms are never large without spending a fortune. These were well laid out and we didn't have to crawl over each other to get around.
bubble_40	We ended up booking after a failed Air BnB stay in Brooklyn.  My wife found good reviews and the hotel pictures looked good as well.  We checked in and they attempted to put us on the 3rd floor (no elevator), which was a construction zone.  We refused the room as we did not want our 5 mo old and 5 yr old in a room that smelled like fresh paint with boards on the hallway floor.  They accommodated us after some initial back and forth (on what an adequate room was) and we were finally placed in a great room for our 5-night stay.  Pros: Fantastic location between Chinatown, SoHo, and Little Italy, Great Front Desk, Bellman, and Maid service.  The Bellmen greeted you at the door and took your bags up the stairs and allowed you to leave bulkier items like strollers and car seats in
bubble_30	Hotel is clean and tidy, staff are friendly and helpful, but my bedroom was really small.  With exposed breezeblocks which detracted from the nice exposed brick walls.  There was no wardrobe, no drawers and no bathtub.  It was okay for me since I was only there three nights and did only spend time sleeping, but probably not good for someone spending more time there, and sharing with someone.  I'm sure they do have bigger rooms so probably a good idea to ask for one.  The hotel is in a good location for exploring Soho, Little Italy and Chinatown, and there are plenty of subway stations close by to get around.
bubble_10	So the hotel is going through renovations which I didn't mind. I did mind taking a shower this morning and noticing a roach in the bathtub. I let the front desk know at checkout and they offered a coupon for 12% off our next stay. They promised if we stayed again there wouldn't be any roaches. Um....no thank you!
bubble_30	I was really excited about our stay in Sohotel. The location was great, between multiple subway stations giving access to several different lines and I love the Nolita area as there are a lot of nice restaurants and bars which are walking distance away. I was disappointed by the room though- it does not live up to the photos online which look a lot newer and fresher. Our room was very dated and smelt damp- flooring was coming up a bit, the aircon unit was very very loud and the bathroom was also in need of renovation (nothing like the photos on their website). They did clean the room and replace towels daily but it is just in desperate need of a refresh so it never felt properly clean. It also smelt a lot of smoke in the hallways even though it's a non smoking hotel.
bubble_50	Nice quaint and charming interior. Small but comfortable room. Clean. Free of charge WLAN. Very kind and helpful staff. No elevator but helpful service. No breakfast but lots of shops, bistros and supermarkets around. Pretty good subway connection (2 stations 2 minutes away, 1 station 5 minutes away). And all for at least 100 US$ less than other hotels around. Would choose it again.
bubble_40	Great hotel to use as base for New York visit. Lots of subway stations around. The hotel itself offers a friendly welcome. The rooms are lovely and clean and modern. The beds comfy, the shower heavenly. Would have scored max points if better clothes storage. We had a room overlooking Bowery, but not really noise. Airconditioning and fan means ok in mid summer.
bubble_40	If you don't need a gym or lots of amenities, this hotel is a pretty reasonable option given how pricey NYC hotels are. I've stayed here several times and have enjoyed each stay. Very low key, great location, clean, comfortable.
bubble_30	The best thing about this hotel is the location in the heart of SoHo. You have everything you need right outside the door. This is not the best hotel out there, the rooms could need some upgrades and there were no elevators, but the room was clean and there was air conditioning.
bubble_40	A little walk to the Bowery subway, perfect boutique style spot in NYC. Beds are comfy, price is right and rooms are clean and modern. Perfect spot to hit Little Italy restaurants and some shopping in trendy small shops. Love this place!
bubble_20	I stayed here for 5 nights with a friend and we got a double room with a queen bed. The room was very small and we couldnt open all the luggages at the same time. We asked for a larger room, or a room with twin bed but were told to pay almost $100 more each night. That was a little disappointing. The TV didnt work and the AC/fan was loud. The best thing about the hotel is the location, other than that, I would choose to stay in a different hotel.
bubble_50	I stayed with 2 friends at the Sohotel for two nights. We got a room for three people with one queen bed and a twin bed. Although the room was small, it was clean and the beds fit in nicely. The bathroom was also clean, and although small, still fit everything nicely. It didn't feel squished. I arrived first and checked in alone and the person at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. The staff was also very helpful; the person who helped me up the stairs with my bag made the suggestion to leave the air conditioning on when I left so that the room would feel refreshing when I came back. The air conditioning worked very well and could be adjusted to make it less cold or more cold according to how you liked it.   They also have free wifi that works surprisingly well and
bubble_50	Loved this trendy hotel in a 200 year old historic building.  Location close to Soho shopping, Little Italy 3 blocks and so is Chinatown.  Close to the Brooklyn Bridge and not too far to the Freedom Tower.  Rooms were decorated with old and new features.  Shampoo/Conditioner/Shower Gel - Bigelow products - fabulous.   Fabulous employees, so helpful and happy. All were so friendly and guided us to great pizza spots. Love this place, would return soon. Since I am from NYC, this hotel rates high for location, customer service and ambiance
bubble_30	We booked this hotel last minute, I needed 2 rooms for 5 people which gets costly in the city. Chose this hotel because of rates and location near the shopping we came in to do. The staff was very friendly and helpful, probably not meant to cater to families with kids has a more "party" vibe. We did have some loud women celebrating a birthday in a room near ours and when we returned they were still very noisy, some were even in the hallway intoxicated and kept asking my husband to dance while he carried our son up to the room which he thought was hilarious. Management did tell them to return to their room and quiet down which they did around midnight. Rooms are small but serviceable, bathrooms were clean, nothing fancy but servicable. Depending on the rate and our goals for the
bubble_50	First, all of us had good sleeps:  comfortable beds, quiet room with no noise, and good air conditioning.  That's important because in NYC, you use your room primarily for sleeping.   We stayed in a room with real beds for 5 (two queens and one single) rather than any of the cots or sofabeds that so many other hotels have that leave one person uncomfortable.  The room was a decent size for NYC and for the price we paid.    The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful:  from the doorpeople, to the cleaners, to the reception staff.  I didn't see a sour face anywhere ever.  They anticipated requests.    Wifi was excellent (better than our highspeed at home!). Coffee, tea, and ice water were available in the lobby (no coffeemaker or fridge in rooms).  We have stayed around Times
bubble_50	The hotel is an older hotel, right next door to little China and Little Italy. Our room was clean and well laid out. Only thing missing was a mini fridge. The concierge was very helpful and friendly. They have a storage room for your belongings if you show up or leave late. I would not recommend it for people with walking disabilities or wheelchairs. There is no elevator, it is all stairs. It was great for my girlfriend, her kids and my daughter and I, we felt safe and had pleasant nights sleep. Would recommend the hotel to anyone traveling to New York.
bubble_50	This hotel is a dream come true!  In every regard, the Sohotel deserves top rankings in every category, but the most significant component was the staff.  I left my wallet full of cash in their lobby and discovered my forgetfulness about 15 min later.  Upon returning, they had it waiting for me with all contents intact.  As if that weren't enough, I had to return once again, 5 minutes later; this time I had forgotten my tickets which were in one of our checked bags.  Once again, they efficiently took care of my needs.  The location was excellent.  Facilities very cool!  Room spotless and creatively decorated.  It's typical NY size but we didn't feel cramped.  Comfortable bed/pillows.  Noise not an issue.  Excellent value and extraordinary service.
bubble_30	I was really excited to stay here due to its great location, boutique style feel and interesting & helpful website, sadly I was disappointed. The staff were helpful... The rooms are tiny, luckily we were only here for one night before moving on to Boston. Seriously you couldn't swing a cat in our room. It was find for one night, if I had to have stayed any longer I'd have to be moved.
bubble_40	When we checked in we were very pleased to receive a free room upgrade: they moved us into a renovated two queen-size beds room on the third floor, provided with an heater and an air conditioner. It was much bigger than we expected and very clean. The bathroom was also very clean, and soap and shampoo where always available. During daytime (7-22) there was free water and coffee available in the lobby. It is situated into an historical building and it is basically at the border between Little Italy and Chinatown. Two different metro stations are available at less than five minutes walking. I think it's a very good choice to visit Manhattan.
bubble_40	I needed a last minute room and I came across this hotel, I am so glad that I did. It is in a great location, making it convenient to get to subway systems and a number of restaurants. The rooms are small, but clean and quite comfortable. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. I would definitely stay here again in the future.
bubble_40	The room we had was small but comfortable and clean. Due to a room malfunction we got moved to a much more spacious one in compensation so it did make our stay a bit more enjoyable having a larger room and bath. But that being said overall the hotel is comfortable and clean. The staff is very accommodating, friendly and helpful. The location is excellent. Good access to Metro, nearby museums, and a wide variety of restaurants. Very walkable. We were in NYC for a week and had a very enjoyable time. We prefer LES Bowery neighborhoods especially for restaurant variety and access. This hotel is in a good location for that.
bubble_30	I recently spent 2 nights at the Sohotel. The Lobby was cute and the rooms were small but had character and were comfortable. My room was on the second floor facing Broome Street.  There was a bar below where my room was located and from 11 pm to close there was a very large crowd on the sidewalk.  At closing time there was a lineup of cars blowing their horns for about 45 minutes. The second night was a repeat of the first but was followed by the noise of the City repaving the street. I might as well have been trying to sleep on the sidewalk.  So what should have been a fun visit to New York was miserable due to sleep deprivation. None of this is the direct fault of the hotel but nonetheless I won't risk it on future visits.
bubble_50	4 Girl trip to NYC. Wanted to stay down in the Village / Soho area. Searched around and around for a room that could accommodate 4 adults that wasn't going to break the budget. Not sure how I came across the Sohotel but SO glad I did. The price and location were perfect!  Here is the skinny on the place.... Adorable and groovy. Rooms are small but it feels like all rooms in NYC are on smaller side. We did the room with the 2 queen beds and 1 single figuring it would give us a little more room for us gals. As expected the single bed became the resting place for the luggage. It was perfect. Bathroom is small. One person at a time for sure but we made the best of it. The place is all stairs. If you don't like or cant do stairs this is not the place for you. Staff was GREAT! So
bubble_50	This was our second stay at Sohotel.  We enjoyed it so much last year, we decided to try it again.  We were not disappointed.  Yes, there's not an elevator and yes the rooms are a bit small but the character and charm are unmistakable and we love it in all its quirkiness.  The staff is amazingly friendly and the location can't be beat.  We will stay here every time we travel to New York.
bubble_40	I thought this hotel would be risky based on the price I paid. In the end, it was a great value.  I arrived and it was pretty modern, kind of cool, and in a great location. I stayed in a good sized room, however, it was a bit noisy because i was on the second floor.
bubble_20	Only stayed 1 night, but was less than impressed.  Very small rooms with none of what you'd expect at that price (no iron, desk, elevator, closet window AC, etc).  Also under construction and VERY loud between 8 and 5.
bubble_50	We spent 17 nights at Sohotel in November 2015. I spent hours trawling through the Internet before making our booking and I was so so happy with my choice. We had a triple room for myself and my 2 children, early 20's. The hotel is in a fabulous location, handy to good subway stop, in amongst the cool cafes and shops and around the corner from Little Italy. The rooms are compact, as are all rooms in NY, but worked really well. Exceptionally clean, serviced daily. Top quality toiletries and towels and fresh towels at night should you wish.  The  hotel staff were truly amazing, every one of them, but special thanks to Singh, who made our day, each and every day.  Complimentary tea and coffee in the foyer was a real bonus, as I can't do without my early morning cuppa! Funky common
bubble_50	What can I say? I love this hotel! I think the decor got me, but the location is even more fantastic. Stayed here during the LoMan Art Fest last year, and the view out of my window was a Shepard Fairey mural. The rooms are small, but if you're spending time in this part of NYC, you won't be spending anytime in your room, so for sleeping, it's perfect. Little Italy and Chinatown are a short walk, and the subway is also not too far away so you can get to and from Midtown and Times Square very easily if you need to. If you are a fan of murals and street art, this is a great location. Large pieces by Faith47, buffmonster, Ron English, Beau Stanton, Solus, Shepard Fairey, and many others are within walking distance. Have brunch in Little Italy, and on your walk over you'll be greeted
bubble_50	Great location, super friendly and accommodating staff, and most importantly, clean! We are night and are usually in and out at all hours. This was never a problem during our stay. We come to the city from Boston a few times a year and will definitely stay again!
bubble_40	The first family room we stayed in (3 nights) was not to standard: - impossible to sleep with the water pipes (not the radiators) in the wall just next to the bed head. Extremely noisy - no water pressure for the shower/bath - not cleaned under the beds We would not have stayed in the hotel if we were not moved in a new room. We asked to change room and the other family room, despite facing the street, was great and we could finally sleep well. It was clean, modern shower (with pressure).  Location is great, 2 minutes walk from the subway and Chinatown/Little India. You can also walk to Brooklyn Bridge.
bubble_40	Hotel situated on Broome street on the edge of Little Italy. Great for locals bars and places to eat but only a short walk to downtown near One World Trade centre or uptown to the numerous shops around canal street. Sizeable rooms however small but functional shower room / toilet. Great staff who are very friendly and welcoming. Great reception area where you can have a sit down and grab complimentary tea / coffee. Would definitely recommend this to anyone for a vacation in New York. Only downside no breakfast included however plenty of eateries around little Italy where you get a real feel of being in New York.
bubble_10	We were so very disappointed. The room was ridiculously small. There was no room to move around. No where to sit other than on the bed or the tiny chair by the shelf that was posing as a desk. That chair had to be moved to the space in front of the door just to get around. No dresser. No drawers of any type.   The bathroom was tiny. The shower stall was one of those cheap tiny plastic things you can buy at Home Depot. A small pedestal sink no where to but your own toiletries.   Absolutely not worth the crazy high price. A lot to accept just to stay at a "hip" place in SOHO!!!!
bubble_50	If you need to accommodate a family of five without having to pay for a one or two bedroom suite this is your place.  But beyond that it's just a perfect location, very very clean with incredibly comfortable beds. It has a cool and hip vibe but it's homey at the same time. The bed and bathroom linens are better than most I've seen in more upscale hotels (I own hotels myself in Florida and I'm hoping they share their vendor with me). The staff was also as professional, friendly and helpful as you'll find in any luxury hotel. This is definitely my new spot in Manhattan since I'm there a few times of year.
bubble_40	Staff was great. Check in was quick and was given all the information we needed while staying. Self serve coffee in the lobby. Room was clean and has enough space. Housekeeping staff were really friendly. Close to transportation. Chinatown is just around the corner.
bubble_50	We just spent 2 terrific nights at Sohotel.  We loved our room, which was bigger that we anticipated.  There was plenty of room for two in our twin bed room.  The hotel is quite stylish, and our room was as well.  The room was clean, quiet, and the beds comfortable. The staff were cheerful and accommodating. The location was perfect for us as well.  We plan on coming back to NYC and will stay here without a doubt.
bubble_40	Hotel is terrific with very attentive porter staff. One major downside is the complete inflexibility to change the booking once made. I booked with Acoma (never again) and wanted to bring my booking forward by one day and depart a day earlier, there was absolutely no negotiation either with the hotel or the booking agent. There was no WIFI for the first 24 hours and that was a inconvenience as I was in NY on business..all emails I had sent to the hotel and had answered, were not acknowledged at the hotel when I arrived.  So while the property was terrific, guest relations were not. I was offered a 15% reduction off my next stay to compensate for no WIFI..phooey...
bubble_30	This hotel certainly gets major points for curb appeal... the lobby is extraordinary.  Very cute and charming, and certainly on-point in regards to their marketed crowd (20s on a budget).  This is a step up from a hostel- a budget-friendly hotel with quirks, aimed at individuals who probably just need a bed to sleep in... and will spend most of the time out on the town.  For that crowd, this is probably a great deal in a hip area of town!    We were in a tiny room with two twin beds.  The layout was... interesting.  It was almost like a wide hallway, with the twin beds lined up head-to-head with a short dividing wall between the two.  The TV was against one wall, and the positioning of the second bed (head facing away from the tv, and dividing wall in the way) meant only the
bubble_50	This hotel is charming and very boutique-like!  The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  They had the best recommendations for restaurants, allowed a VERY late check out, and were always asking if there was more they could do for us.  The rooms are small, but good sized for NYC.  Located right between Chinatown and Little Italy, so there were lots of interesting places to see.
bubble_40	While this is an old building with small rooms, I like the place. They had updated the entrance and lobby to make it much more comfortable. It still has a flight of stairs to the lobby, but bell staff was attentive to meet you at door to bring luggage up. Pros Well decorated to match age Great staff Fun atmosphere GREAT location on edge of Chinatown and close to subway station Free Wifi Cons Small rooms Stairs! Tiny bathrooms Heat was hard to control and it was often too hot (we opened window to help) No breakfast options in hotel  Overall if you want some character this is the place for a fair price.
bubble_40	This is a little jewel with a real sense of history when you walk in.  It is not plush but it is charming and eclectic.  Excellent bedding, convenient and definitely one I would go back too.  Small rooms and if you have mobility issues it might not be for you.
bubble_50	I was traveling by plane, but the amount of time between the connected flights was overwhelming, so I decided to stay at a place, just to refresh myself. I was looking forward for some sleep, and rest. Very nice, cozy place. Will return. Thank you.
bubble_50	We spent a week during Christmas holydays; the hotel is is directly linked to the underground station of Canal Str and if you walk 20 min you arrive to Wall Str and Ground zero. Near the hotel you can find a loto of little restaurant, bar and caf. Soho is a cute place to live every hour. The personal of the hotel is pleasent and they work to solve each problem in few minutes. We travel with 3 kids and we've found a comfortable room. NYC is magical and also Sohotel. Thank you guys
bubble_40	My daughter and I stayed 8 days at Sohotel. So convenient to Little Italy and China town plus many subway stations. At first with no lift I thought it would be an issue but the staff are so wonderful they helped with bags and I got use to it. We had a deluxe room with one green and one single room 319 and it was a great size. The room was very clean with wooden floor and shower room fully tiled with amazing shower head and water flow. The linen was clean and towels thick and fluffy. The highlight of the hotel was the friendly staff who offered to help all the time as we went out to explore New York at our door step. Recommend you stay!
bubble_30	Spent a few days in NYC with my husband and daughter - just for fun.  Our first night was at the Sohotel and we immediately fell in love with the industrial chic decor and hip atmosphere of this renovated historic building.  The bell captain gave us a friendly greeting right inside the door and was so helpful throughout our stay.  Our room was comfortable, but small, with a real window that opened (a rarity in a New York hotel).  On the down side, the desk clerk who checked us in was slower than a glacier and did not offer any explanation as to why his computer system was taking so long.  (He obviously was not having a good day.).  The room had hangers on a couple of rods mounted on the wall instead of a closet, and the shower was small.  All in all, we did like this place and
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights in late November. The location was perfect - easy walking distance to many good bars and restaurants as well as the subway. Staff were really friendly and helpful - particularly the doormen The room decor wasn't as impressive as the lobby area but they were clean and roomy enough  Overall would recommend this as a low cost (relatively in New York) option.
bubble_40	We spent Christmas Eve at the Sohotel.  Be warned - there is no elevator in the hotel, but the bell clerks carried our bags upstairs to our room. However, the service can't be beat. I had part of our Chirstmas dinner with me, and the staff stowed it in the freezer for us.  Even the coke machine was friendly - only $1.50/can.  The premises are immaculate.  While the room was small (all NYC hotel rooms are small), it was comfortable.  The beds were very comfortable, there was free coffee and tea in the morning, and the location was good - close to Chinatown & little Italy and in a very interesting neighborhood.  The Bowery has changed a lot since we left NYC 25 years ago, and my husband and I were very comfortable taking a walk by ourselves at 11 pm.  On Christmas morning, I was
bubble_50	We decided on a last minute trip to New York City and ended up at the Sohotel in the Bowery. We usually stay at a friends on the upper west side, and didn't know what to expect for our first hotel in the city experience.  I used bookings.com and refined my search to good and $200+. At 7.8, small and a little noisy were the biggest complaints. The doorman that greeted us was all smiles and very friendly. Check in line moved quickly, porter was friendly and professional.  The hotel layout is funky with lots of small seating areas. All were very stylish and trendy with different chairs. Can't remember how many goofy chair pictures we took.   The room was small, but the bed was one of the more comfortable beds I've ever slept on, the pillows were adequate, the room and bathroom were
bubble_10	We spend about a weekend a month in Manhattan, and the room we had last night was the smallest that we have ever stayed in (and for over $300 a night). When we saw the photos, we immediately fell in love with the hotel, but that isn't what we found when we got there. The room was so small that there wasn't enough room to even place the suitcase as the bed was nearly touching both walls, and the foot of the bed was against a piece of wood on the wall and a chair. The walls were cracked, and the radiator, yes, a radiator, was falling off the wall. The floor next to the bed was caved in and I nearly tripped and fell. The shower is a prefab which an average sized person just barely fits into. While it is only four floors, there isn't an elevator in the building, so you are carrying
bubble_50	3 of my friends stayed here for 5 nights in a very roomy 3 bed room on the same floor as the main desk.  The hotel staff took great care of us, always cheerful, welcoming and helpful. Great decor and feel to the place. Very clean.  We were surprised at how nice it all was.  We could hear the traffic on the street honking but it didn't bother us. After all, we were in NYC and that is just part of it. Within the hotel we couldn't really hear any of the other quests.  The only complaint would be the strong smell of paint or lacquer that had been recently applied to the shelving in the room. That said,  I would stay here again as well as recommend it.
bubble_40	We had a twin bedroom. Spacious enough for 2 people. Basic and decent bathroom. The best thing about this hotel is the neighbourhood: at the edge of Little Italy. Which means plenty of nice bars and restaurants. Soho is 10min walk with more trendy restaurants and shopping venues.  The hotel rooms are terribbly isolated (sound). Just hope your neighbours are not noisy!  Hotel staff are very kind and helpful. Especially Junior.  Would definitely go back
bubble_50	Some friends and I stayed here for a last-minute girls weekend. It has a great vibe with exposed brick walls and unique fixtures. The staff was very accommodating and addressed any concerns that we had. There is no elevator but if this is a problem then they will move you to the first floor. The four of us stayed in a family room with 3 beds. It was a narrow room that was mostly filled by the beds but there was a desk and three racks mounted on the wall where we stored coats and bags. Bathroom was small too but very clean with more than enough towels and toiletries. Beds where heavenly, we all slept straight thew the night and there where minimal noises except for some talking in the halls but this was during the day so we didn't think much of it. It has good location not far
bubble_40	Tiny room (300) with a queen size bed in. We had to unpack everything into the shelves as the suitcase wouldn't fit on the floor!  Bathroom was tiny (good showers though!) but the window wasn't glazed and we felt very exposed... Hopefully the view of dead space actually is just dead space! They should invest in frosted glass.  Our room had the air conditioning unit outside and consequently a constant hum and rumble which actually vibrated the head board!  The staff were very good and helpful! They told us they were doing renovation but it didn't disturb us at all.  Great location and easy to find.
bubble_40	The rooms are tiny, but I love the staff and the location.  Are room was very clean and the  nearby resturants were quite good.  Everyday the staff check in with us to see how out trip was, offered advice and were generally very welcoming.
bubble_40	Stayed in family room. Rooms are clean,  staff are helpful and friendly.  Funky decor,  good location for subway, bars, cafes and restaurants. Definitely would stay again on next visit and take family back
bubble_30	Very friendly staff. Complimentary tea and coffee every day in the lobby.  Good location. Very small rooms, and bathrooms.  Almost impossible to wash your hair in the shower, as it had no water-pressure.  No breakfast.  Too expensive for what you get.
bubble_50	very nice and helpful  staff, big rooms, very clean, betwen little italy and china town near 2 subway stations. very recommended! there is no brakefast, but nearby are two restaurant with nice food. just beside is a restaurant and a bar with a small terasse and good sound.
bubble_40	The location is ok, at a walking distance from Astor Place and very close to Bowery metro station. The staff was very nice and always willing to help. The room was clean but the bathroom could use a bit more renovation
bubble_50	As soon as you rock up the the entrance of the SoHotel with its blue neon sign you know that its different to all the other hotels. You are greeted in the lower lobby by a very helpful bell boy who brings you bags to your room.  The hotel itself is very clean and the staff very friendly and informative, giving us advice on where to eat, what to see and how to get there.  The hotel is decorated with all kinds of funky furniture and beautiful light fittings. The rooms themselves are a good size for a New York hotel in this location, they are very well appointed with A/C, large comfy beds and beautifully fitted bathrooms. My room was towards the back of the hotel and it was very quiet at night.  I hope to return soon and would highly recommend this hotel!
bubble_30	While the staff is incredibly helpful and understanding, especially Dinette, this hotel has some issues.  The first room they checked me in to had some issues.  The first issue was the shower had a bunch of stains and the door wouldn't really shut.  The main issue was that the planks of the floor by the window were actually separating and the floor was sinking.  I did bring this up and they did move rooms which was satisfactory.  I did end up needing to switch hotels as I was highly allergic to the detergent that they used and spent the entire night itching.    I would say that, for the price, there may be better hotels for the money in the area.  I do however want to recognize the staff as they were very helpful and understanding in my situation and allowed me to check out
bubble_20	I booked this hotel for a last minute trip to New York and my usual hotel was full.  Should have paid $50 more and stayed in a decent place.  Hotel room was barely larger than the bed, paint peeling off the walls, no elevator, no closet, no room for luggage, TV remote had 2 buttons - on off and change channel.  And all for $350 a night!!  Never again.
bubble_10	We stayed at Sohotel for 2 nights early October. I was traveling with my mom and the stay was paid for us by a third party as we won a giveaway (this kept us from really pursuing a credit or something similar as compensation for our very very poor experience).  Our first night, we were stunned when we were shown to our room with two double beds. It was a long, narrow room with two double beds back to back, and a small bathroom. It was basically a dorm/hostel-style room, without even a closet (there was a clothing rack on the wall and a drawer). No phone or fridge in the room. The bathroom was very old and sparse. No elevators, so we had to lug our bags up and down the stairs (made even worse by the fact that you had to walk up two floors of stairs to get to the first floor of
bubble_50	The employees at Sohotel are overwhelmingly helpful.  They didn't need to be as understanding about our needs as they were, and frankly, I am writing this review because they were so great.  The rooms are understandably small, but so is everything in Manhattan.  It's kind of noisy in this part of town, so don't expect pastoral evenings. The lobby is a cool place to hang out, and socializing with others who choose this funky place is a plus.
bubble_20	This hotel should be a last resort for your New York stay.  There is no elevator, no phones in the rooms, no closet, and the 3rd floor hallway smelled like urine.  The staff is very friendly and I almost feel sorry for them.  Also, this hotel is basically in Chinatown, not SoHo, so don't let the name fool you.
bubble_10	Had reservation for 3 nights for girls weekend in ny. We only made it 2 in this place.  Woke up with bug bites on my arms and pulled back the sheets and nearly got sick.  They were stained, discolored and filthy.  Manager was not very helpful at first and was not receptive. They later credited us for the room. All in all would never stay there again.
bubble_40	The staff make up for the the compact size of the rooms at this hotel.  Very friendly at check in and check out, Singh was a complete joy and so helpful with luggage poor man as there was no lift and reception is on the first floor. Complimentary water and coffee on tap. Funky decor in the public area.  Nice bathrooms and toiletries.  I shared a room with two other single friends, to make it affordable for all.  Ok for two nights max but it was a squeeze with no room to move about and no wardrobe, especially as we were moving on to a sales meeting, everything became a crumpled mess. Fantastic location.
bubble_10	A truly awful place. Our "standard" room was the size of a prison cell. No closet, no dresser, no storage. The shower drain backed up water into the rest of the tiny bathroom. A repair fixed nothing. The air conditioner provides plenty of noise but little cooling. You will get lots of exercise here as there are no elevators. Parts of the property are still being rehabbed so expect some construction noise. Rooms were not cleaned until 5 pm every day so coming back to rest after a day of touring was not an option.
bubble_20	Great location but that's about it! No elevator, staff was unhelpful and the room was so small that it couldn't fit two bedside tables! Air conditioning wasn't on when we arrived and it took forever to cool down the room (despite it being the size of a shoe box). There are much nicer hotels for the same price and same location - would recommend you stay there instead!
bubble_40	Check-In & Check-Out: The service at the front desk was friendly and efficient. They were more than happy to provide us with late check-out upon request. The wi-fi was fast and reliable.   Quality of Room: The room was incredibly clean with hardwood floors. The mattresses had bed bug covers on and the linens were clean. I appreciated that the duvet was clean, light, and warm; unlike the traditional heavy covers found in most hotels. The bathroom was stocked with an ample amount of towels and cups, C.O. Bigelow bath and body products, as well as toothpaste. My one complaint about this hotel is that noise easily traveled between rooms, across the hallway, and between floors. Aside from that, the room was great.   Location: This is the highlight of the hotel! You are walking
bubble_40	I was a bit worried about the area I had booked in when we emerged from the subway in a less than attractive neighbourhood but we were well-located and had plenty of options for meals. The hotel is close to Little Italy and Chinatown and central in terms of subways. The rooms are tiny but very attractively decorated - funky colours and exposed brick a feature of the hotel. The decor appealed to the young adults in our party.  The furniture in the lobby was fun and quirky and we enjoyed the beverage station - it added a welcoming touch when we came back to the hotel and provided a place to catch up with friends we were travelling with. The staff were friendly and helpful. We were only staying for a couple of nights and had little luggage so the size of the room and the fact that
bubble_10	The hotel's hot water heater stopped working and we had no hot water.  We were offered an apology but nothing else.  The hotel has charm but our bed linens were ripped and old.  The room air conditioner was adequate, but the room never felt cool.
bubble_40	Compliment the folks manning the front office, specially Zak, Larry and Vidya. They listen and help travelers work out logistics and make the stay very comforting. All worked as our guide and helped manage our luggage and tours to perfection. Would surely recommend Asian travelers to put up here in case looking for a short stay in NYC.
bubble_40	I would recommend this hotel for like some friends travelling to New York where you plan not to spend too much time at your room. Great staff, small rooms, fantastic location for restaurants and shopping. It is a 3-star experience but it has got all you can ask for from a hotel.
bubble_40	With it's quirky interior, upstairs reception,lack of air con and wardrobe space, this is certainly not your average hotel. But what it lacked in some areas it made up for in others. Very comfy beds, small but functional shower room, helpful staff and a great location for exploring the lower end of Manhattan, Little China and Little Italy. It also has a very good restaurant next door with subway just across the road and an impressive selection of lighting stores !!! Believe me, they were everywhere.
bubble_40	This is a great budget hotel in Soho, Manhattan. Friendly staff and a great atmosphere. The hotel is very old but has been re done nicely. It has a good energy to it. There are good bars and restaurants downstairs. Recommended! The area is also great with a lot to do around the area
bubble_50	Delightful to look at-- fun to stay in! Great staff-- Perfect location! Trendy hotel in a sea of restaurants and shops and cobblestone. As an older woman, I felt very safe at all times-- will stay there again!
bubble_30	The room was acceptable except for the smell of cigarette smoke in the room (non-smoking), which gradually dissipated. The bathroom was clean but there was damage to the tile which formed a border between the shower stall and the bathroom floor. The hotel's best feature is its location and it has multiple restaurants attached to the hotel or nearby.
bubble_50	We stayed for 5 nights at the Sohotel. Our room was spotlessly clean, air-conditioned with comfortable beds and a 'cool' decor as our daughter said. We were on the 3rd floor at the back and didn't hear any noise from the street or anywhere else during our stay. Staff were helpful, friendly and approachable and Pedro carried our very large suitcase up the stairs to our room for us when we arrived tired at 1am. The free coffee in the reception area was excellent quality, Columbian, we were told and it just did the trick in the morning. We could not find fault with Sohotel, perhaps the less mobile would struggle with the top floors as there isn't a lift, but we loved everything about it. Great hotel in a great location with great staff. We would stay here again given the chance
bubble_40	I found this hotel on nightnight.co, a website that curates the coolest affordable hotels and it's been a great catch! The location is simply amazing, right at the heart of Manhattan, near Little Italy and close to hip Soho and the Lower East Side. The perfect basecamp to explore the city like a local The hotel has a funky atmosphere and staff is really friendly always here to help and give nice recommendations. Rooms are quite small but clean, confortable, and with everything you need inside. Would highly recommend!
bubble_50	Before arrival, I contacted the hotel a couple of times about a few different requirements. They answered promptly and they were very attentive.  The location was perfect!!! Bowery and Broome is a great place to start exploring, being around this area was so good when the city is so busy uptown.  The rooms were lovely, two double beds, the decor was so pretty and the beds were really comfy. We had so much space and would never think that the rooms were too small! The bathroom was great.  The bars underneath was also fantastic!  I loved everything about this hotel, and the next time we come back to NYC, we will definitely return here.
bubble_50	Communication is key!  Prior to booking my reservation I called to inquire whether or not they had on-site parking and air conditioning in the rooms.  I was quickly given answers to my question about AC (yes) and parking was just two blocks away.  I was also told if I had my parking ticket validated by the hotel, I would receive a $5.00 discount, and I did.  Upon entering the hotel, we were greeted by the doorman, had a wonderful conversation at the front desk and escorted to our room in no time.  The room was perfect for 3 adults, air conditioning worked and the location was perfect for our needs.  I would suggest this establishment to anyone staying in NYC as the price was comparable to area hotels if not a little cheaper.
bubble_10	It's very trendy and artsy. Rooms are so small. Cockroaches in bathroom. Hotel is like a sauna. I would not go back for any reason other than as a last resort. Rooms are beyond small. It was like a jail cell.
bubble_30	Great location, great price if you want to stay close by to Soho, LES, Chinatown. Con is the room was really small. We are three small people staying in a double double rooms each of us has tiny carry-on bag still fell super tight. Bathroom is really small as well, the shower stall is about 30"x30".  Bathroom also feels outdated considering how well decorated the lobby is. Our room was reasonably clean, but the bed was not of great comfort. They were rollaway type beds, not very comfortable. If you pay $50 more a night somewhere else in the same area you do get to a much more comfortable situation. Still a great place if you don't plan to spend a lot of time in the room. There is no elevator but staff will help you take your bag up. They are very nice and helpful.
bubble_40	Perfect location for walks to little Italy, Chinatown and East Village (nicht life)! Metro close by. The staff is friendly and helpful. The hotel very clean, coffee and Wifi are free. The rooms are tiny though compared to the price, but since you spent the days outside.
bubble_50	Friendly, PATIENT, attentive staff.  Very well trained.  I noticed that right away, and it was consistent throughout my stay.  Cool hotel with good design.  Comfy beds.  CLEAN!  Not very big, but what hotel room is in NY if you're not paying a ton.  If you love this part of town, I highly recommend this place!
bubble_40	I stayed here for 3 nights on a recent business trip. The rooms were very small but clean and what you'd expect at a smaller hotel in NYC.  Staff were good. It's really close to most things and a nice 10 minute walk to the east village.   I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic holiday but fine when traveling by yourself
bubble_40	Very impressive budget hotel in the heart of Manhattan! Great location close to subway, and most importantly rooms nice, and well decorated. The bathroom in particular was very nice. Offered a triple room- which is hard to find in NYC!
bubble_50	We stayed at SOHOTEL for 7 nights, we family of 5 travelling NY. We found the hotel to be very nicely located in the middle of downtown, where everything can be reached within a reasonable walking distance. The room was very nicely decorated, and clean and nice. The bathroom could be a bit bigger, but it did not really matter. The staff is extremely service-minded and very kind to all. We loved the fresh water in the reception area. The hotel was perfectly located close to restaurants, however, there area also a couple of sandwich places and nice little supermarkets where you can buy food and bring back to the room and have your dinner there. All in all a very positive experience and we highly recommend Sohotel to anyone who wants to come to NY, experience the fuzz and buzz, but
bubble_10	The 1st hotal in my life where it is impossible to move once you brought in your luggage (2 suitcases for 2 persons !!)  The desk service  has proposed us a transfer to JFK but instead of calling a (NYC) yellow cab a private limousine came : the result  72 US$ instead of a flat rate of 52US$
bubble_50	I literally have ONLY positive things to say about this hotel! Aside from the ideal location in the Village, this beautiful hotel's staff will make you feel like you are the most important guest they have. Kind, helpful and totally knowledgeable of the area, restaurants & shortcuts. And one of the best part for US, was that the room accommodated our family of 5.  Jenny, Vidya, Junior, Gary & Singh will go above and beyond to make sure your stay is as memorable as ours! Thank you!
bubble_50	Three months ago we planned a family trip to the United States We are five people in the family and we looked for a hotel for us in terms of budget and has the ability to accommodate us all one family room, this because we did not want to split the family into two rooms. One of the hotels was SOHOTEL located on the border of Chinatown, Little Italy and Soho area is very close. I read a lot about the area and the hotel and finally decided to make a reservation for  9 nights, The hotel we discovered a wonderful team dominates several languages; the staff was ready to help to direct and help at any time. There is maintaining order and cleanliness, and staff visitor maids room twice a day and always ask us if we need something more. The hotel is an old style and managed in a good
bubble_50	We stayed for 4 nights and found all of the staff really friendly and helpful. Soho feels slower and friendlier than midtown which was a welcome relief and it has many small restaurants and bars as well as easy walking to some great shopping and sights. Subway is nearby and the hotel has good wifi and free coffee in the lobby - couldn't ask for more !
bubble_50	The staff were all really helpful. Lots of help with subways locally and the free provision of a small safe to secure our passports and cash. The aircon worked well and all 3 beds in tge family room were comfortable. Not that much street noise considering its on a Bowery junction. Good subway connections to get to all the main areas of Manhatten. We tried hard to find a hotel in this part of the city with a family room and we weren't dissapointed. Room was a bit small and the bathroom too but all we needed was a base with good connections where we coukd stay safely on budget. It didn't fail us on that. There is no lift but the staff help with bags. No room tea and coffee but there is free tea coffee chilled water and ice in the reception area. Great access direct to Little Italy
bubble_40	I stayed here for four nights for work. The hotel has a great vibe and is in an up and coming part of the city, the Bowery. It is walking distance from places like shopping on Broadway and the YMCA (great pool for swimming laps). It's about a 25 min walk to Union Square. There are some questionable blocks nearby, but I felt safe overall.  Rooms are very small, just sized for a queen bed and small bathroom. It was fine for one person, two would have been a crowd. Steps are used to get floor to floor (so be mindful if that's a concern to you). Staff was very friendly and hospitable. If stay there again, as it was convenient for me. Rates were decent for NYC.
bubble_40	Stayed with my family twice in July with two teenagers for holiday. Double double rooms were not too spacious, but beds really comfy and good room for two to share. Location near little Italy and Soho shopping is super. No breakfast, but many options close by. Good service from the staff. Free ice water and coffee in the lobby proved to be a lifesaver on several occasions. This is not a luxury hotel, but hey, you are not paying for luxury either. Already have my next stay booked with girls trip in November.
bubble_50	Everything was perfect, the staff was great and very helpful, the beds were very comfortable, the room was quite big. Really close to Little Italy and its restaurants... We had everything we needed. It's the second time we stay in the Sohotel and we will come back !
bubble_50	This is our Go To place to stay when visiting NYC. it's a perfect fit for us because it's eclectic and cool, with VIP customer service, and convenient to the awesomeness of chinatown, little italy, soho and all the unique cultures of NY. it feel like a community versus a big city. I was also amazed at how quiet it was from any noise from the streets.. New soundproof windows? slept like a baby the whole time. We Love It! ~ jeffrey B gribble - Gravity
bubble_50	This is the second time I stay in the hotel with family and this time was even better. The service was excellent, their staff very friendly, helpful and always attentive specially Jenny, Vidya in front desk and Sight, the bellman. Also the location is one of the best, quiet, really near to 3 of the subways, and only minutes walking to Little Italy and China Town.   - Jenny, Vidya and Sight, you guys were the best...from your friends in P.R.   "Gracias"=Thank you!
bubble_40	The room was a great size, decent bathroom. Little noisy off Broome but mostly covered up by the air conditioner sound. Tough for mom to climb the stairs to the fourth floor.  Since there isn't an elevator, there should be a floor description along with room size when booking. I would have booked a different room had I known.  Staff was fantastic and very helpful. Restaurants and bars on either side of the hotel were fabulous too. Great experience.
bubble_30	I stayed twice in this hotel last year, one week each time. People were very nice and the location is perfect, very close to several train station. However, you can hear your neighboors and not all the room have desk.
bubble_30	Booked this hotel through Expedia, looked fantastic on the website, but not as it represents.  The hotel does well with its restored ambiance in the public areas, but the rooms are much smaller than appeared on the website and the actual physical size.  The cost, well it is NYC, but because of this I would not find myself there again.  The amenities such as cleanliness, beds and linens, staff are better than average and yes I understand that all you need is a bed to sleep on because NYC is a "24 hour outdoor experience" I expected a little more than the $354 one night charge for a hotel of its caliber.
bubble_50	Visited with three teenagers and all went very well. Room was as advertised -- we were looking for comfortable, affordable, safe, low-key, unique, one room with beds for five, easy subway access, and more. This place hit all the marks. Staff was excellent and extremely accommodating. (Except waitress at attached Randolph Beer on Sat 7/4/2015, she was hostile...more about her on many Yelp posts from what I see).   Our room did not have a view, it faced the 'terrace' which was a very small deck for smokers but they lock that at night so technically you could open the window. We did not care, we did not visit the city to sit in a hotel room so we just kept the curtains pulled. We used the room it as a place to regroup during the day between running around and sleeping at night, it
bubble_50	That was great holiday in very nice hotel. On the reception working so lovely people,they met us so friendly and they bring us to the our room so fast. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Restaurants are very good with tasty food,so many fruits and vegetables. The most great thing in this hotel is Animation team! We loved them so much,so funny and friendly team, our child was always in the mini club,and we were always in activity with animation!  We like this hotel so much ,for sure we will come back !!!
bubble_50	This was my first exposure to a Boutigue Hotel and was pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted by a satff member by the name of Gary who was a wealth of information, and professional yet gave the personsl touch to make you feel special.  The rest of the staff were wonderful as well, Sigh and Vedya who gave us a look into the hotels history.  Our double queen beds room was clean and provided all the necesary amenities.  We will be coming back soon.
bubble_50	I stayed in the Sohotel while awaiting the birth of my grandson.  The staff was wonderfully pleasant & accommodating.  The room was clean, decor absolutely charming in an eclectic way.  This will be the only hotel I want to stay at during my visits to see my NY family.
bubble_50	I stayed here for 2 weekday nights in mid June.   It was exactly what I was looking for:  great location (lots of great restaurants & shopping within a few blocks, close to 2 metro stops), funky New York vibe (not a big chain hotel), clean, quiet, and very friendly staff.    I am a single female and felt safe and comfy there.   The room was on the small side, but it's New York, so pretty standard, and I wasn't there to spend time in the hotel!     Some rooms are apparently renovated:  mine wasn't but was fine and had a great bed.   Wifi worked perfectly.  I would definitely stay there again.
bubble_40	The great: the location and the staff. The service was top notch and everyone I encountered was incredibly friendly and helpful, including walking me across the block to hail a cab. The decor is nice and the free wifi and coffee are nice touches.   My criticisms: I'm thinking I must've had a room that hasn't been renovated yet, so this may not apply in all cases. The room and bathroom were a TIGHT squeeze. There was also a severe lack of electrical outlets to plug in chargers and such. There wasn't room for a wardrobe, so you would need to hang your clothes on a rod on the wall and request an iron if needed.  Overall, I'd stay again for the pros I mentioned and hope to get a renovated room. Or at least be prepared for a "cozy" stay.
bubble_50	This place may seem like it's out of the past but step inside and see what they've done. The dcor is off the chain and worth the price of admission in my opinion. Our room was supposed to be 2 twins but we ended up with a full and a twin (bonus). Air conditioning worked like a charm and in the summer that was a good thing. Room was spotless when we arrived and throughout the entire stay. Bathroom was perfect but the 24x24 shower may prove to be a challenge to a larger person but it was great for me.   Singh (spelling) is a great addition to the service side of this place. He's on top of it and helpful to the very end.   It doesn't have any continental breakfast which was good for my daughter and I but I'm sure some bargain shoppers are looking for that perk.   Love the
bubble_40	We have just returned from a 7 day stay at Sohotel & had an amazing time. The hotel decor is a mixture of funk & industrial and sooo different from the large chain hotels. The staff are a real credit to this place & we cannot fault the service given to us Singh , Eric & Junior to name a few.... everyone was helpful, professional & VERY friendly. We ate & drank on several occasions in Randolphs & Piacere - the food was delicious in both. You are perfectly located for SoHo , Greenwich Village & South Seaport .... all within easy walking distance & very close to the extensive subway system. On arrival at JFK we followed the simple instructions , used the subway & arrived at Sohotel in just over an hour. For our return trip to JFK we used a streetcar organised by the hotel at a cost
bubble_50	Sohotel is in a great location. Right next to Little Italy and a stone throw from East Village and Soho. It was such a good base to get to know New York like a local and the staff were on hand with maps, taxi's and umbrellas when we needed them. It is a great boutique hotel. The room was on the small side but this is what to expect in New York, however it was cleaned everyday with fresh towels so was a great place to come back to after long days of exploring.
bubble_50	Our family, with three teenager boys very much liked this hotel. Perfect wifi, free coffee, not too expensive and good service! The cozy interiors and the soft jazz made us fell like home. Its also close to good restaurants, shopping and the metro. Perfect for us.
bubble_40	We moved to the Soho after a horror night in a hellhole hotel elsewhere in Manhattan.  The staff were welcoming, the atmosphere was friendly, and the rooms were clean and comfortable.  It was a relief to be there!
bubble_50	From the moment we arrived at the Sohotel at about 1.30 in the morning, we knew we would like this place.  In a historic building which is sympathetically renovated, the front office staff, bell hops and household staff couldn't have done more to welcome us and make our stay fun and comfortable.  Rooms are typically tiny NYC size but attractive with exposed brick and brightly painted walls.  Bathroom also tiny but excellent shower.  Bed a bit lumpy and air-con unit is loud!  Free tea and coffee in the Reception 24/7.  Great location for subway or walking. There are a lot of good restaurants in the neighbourhood but watch out in Mulberry Street.  There is a door in the hotel through to an excellent bar/restaurant on the ground floor.  Not owned by the hotel but obviously a happy
bubble_30	I have stayed in many NYC hotels and this is by far the best location by far. Close to friendly bars and restaurants you could walk everywhere, shopping up on Spring and Prince only a 10min walk. The hotel staff were great and the foyer really nice, the rooms were a little small and lacked plug points, it felt a little compact and tired but ticked all the boxes for somewhere to stay on a business trip. Being alone I felt very safe there and in the surrounding area, would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	It was my niece and I's first trip together so I wanted an hotel that was a bit different.  The Sohotel was quirky with off the wall decor, we shared room 404 with 2 queen sized beds which were very comfortable.  It's situated just round the corner from Little Italy and the staff were great - what more could you want in an hotel!
bubble_40	The interior design of this hotel is what amazed me the most. It has this very artsy, cool style you feel really good in not only in the lobby, but also in the rooms. The service was very nice and ready to help anytime. The only thing I did not like is the fact that the pictures for the 5 pp room showed a much larger room that the one we got, which was really, really, really small for 5 people. When I made my reservation on Booking for the 5 pp room, I saw some other pictures of a definitely more spacious room. Nevertheless, for a very short stay this room was ok. The location of the hotel is also great, because it is between Little Italy and Chinatown with a few metro stops nearby.
bubble_50	Was in NYC for a course May 31-June 3.  I chose this location as it was a one block walk to the course and a central location for my boyfriend who came with me to enjoy the sites.  The hotel, though on a busy street is very quiet at night and you barely hear the street noise.  The rooms are very, very, very small lol!  But that's NYC.  But the rooms are clean and the hotel is well maintained and amazing, friendly staff that greet you every morning, noon or night a you come and go.  Little Italy is just steps from the hotel with a wide variety of restaurants to pick from.  China town is just around e corner.  Trendy shopping boutiques is maybe 5 minute walk.  So much to see and do and easily accessible to everything.  Singh and Junior!  Thank you for making our visit so
bubble_50	#We had a 4 night stay to celebrate the end of my daughters time at Uni we booked 2 queen beds and ended up in room 303 which was ideal, it was spacious and clean (bathroom could do with a bit of an update but) we had a view of the street which was great and really enjoyed our stay, we had no issues with noise.  The hotel is in a wonderful location great bars and restaurants on the doorstep, easy access to subway. It felt slightly edgy but very safe.  I have been to New York at least 10 times and never stayed anywhere other than mid town, i will never stay in mid town again!! The staff at the hotel, the door guys etc were so helpful and friendly.  There is even a shower room you can use if you have a late flight out like we did which was very welcome.  We would stay here again.
bubble_40	We went to New York-me, the Husband and the 2 step-Children and as the prices of rooms are so expensive in NYC, we wanted to share a room without anyone having to use a sofabed or share a bed (except for me and H) I looked far and wide (via the IPAD) and although there were plenty (and I mean plenty) of rooms with two double beds in it (are there really that many couples who want to share rooms with each other?), there were very few 3-bed rooms.  However, luckily we found this one and it was a great hotel with original brick work features (the building is about 200 years old) in a great location (Soho unsurprisingly).  The real beauty of the place was the service of  the staff; absolutely top notch-everything from ringing a toll-free number for me to holding our luggage on our
bubble_40	Service sparkles like the Manhattan Skyline at SoHotel, New York.    From the moment you enter, hotel staff overwhelm you with kindness and hospitality.  And it's genuine!  Singh, the host on duty when we arrived, is amazing.  He couldn't have been nicer or more welcoming.  Throughout our stay, he greeted us with a smile, a hearty greeting and gave us pointers to enjoy our stay.  Other attendants including Joseph, Erich and a fellow whose name we can't recall, did the same.  The hotel's hiring manager, trainer and customer service director are to be commended.  Such clusters of kindness don't happen by chance, especially in a city as large or as impersonal as New York.  The front desk and cleaning crews were equally nice.  THANKS to all the staff for being so gracious.   As for
bubble_50	Most hotels in New York (that are not crazy expensive) can be a real let down but the SoHotel was quite the opposite. My two friends and i had a lovely room with air conditioning and a large bathroom with double sinks and mirrors! ideal for three girls getting ready.  The location is perfect as the local area has loads to offer. Cool bars and brilliant restaurants as well as two subway stations around the corner for quick access uptown or over the Williamsburg bridge.  The thing that stood out the most was the customer service. The staff were no less that perfect. So friendly and helpful and generally just a pleasure to deal with from the minute we arrived.   I will stay there every time i visit New York. Loved it. Thanks all!
bubble_40	We stayed as part of a group in May 2015 for a week. Included a mix of couples in double rooms and 3 bed rooms.  First off, the hotel's location is amazing, Bowery has been completely gentrified which has led to tons of cafs, bars and quirky shops etc. Also it has great access to shopping on Bleecker street and Broadway which is some of the best (and most exclusive) in the city. Also very easy access to the World Trade Centre site (a few subway stops), right beside china town and little italy, right beside the williamsburg bridge which gives easy access to Brookyln, and a direct route to midtown (about 20 mins) from the Canal st stop which is less then a ten minute walk away.  We arrived at 9.30am and checked in our bags with the helpful bell men and went out for food. Our
bubble_50	Great hotel, but even better staff! Thanks in particular to Gary and Pedro for excellent service even at 2am, and Jenny for great directions and advice. Hope I got the names right. All other staff were very friendly and helpful too, especially the gentleman that looked after our bags until the room was ready. Thank you!
bubble_40	I gave this a 4 star for different reasons than I normally would any other hotel.  One cannot compete with the history or the very Industrial/artsy/quirky/chic feeling of this building - some very notorious people have stayed here in the last 300 years. I believe it is the oldest functioning hotel in New York near China town and Little Italy. Only a very short 1/2 block from the nearest subway.  we were in a family sized room with two queens and a twin bed, tight but cozy - authentic brick wall and tastefully decorated and clean, clean, clean - even the view out the window was authentic New York with a wall plastered in graffiti - at first a troubling sight indeed but we actually grew fond of the flavour and experience we had here of New York. All our staff were very
bubble_50	Loved my visit at the hotel. From the moment I walked in I was happy that I chose this hotel over a franchise. This hotel has character, and thought behind the design choices.  The rooms are great, comfortable and clean.   The location is perfect, so many good restaurants, bars, and just a few blocks from great shopping.  Overall great experience, this is no my go to hotel.
bubble_40	I like to start my reviews with this sentence: I'd come back here.  You should definitely book the Sohotel if you're looking for a place with a great location (Subway stations close, lots of restaurants and pubs) and want a bathroom so clean that it makes you rethink your own cleaning. The staff was always really attentive, friendly and organized. Thanks everyone for that! The free and really fast Wifi was amazing as well.  You shouldn't book a stay in the Sohotel if you're looking for a quiet, spacious place with a nice view. The streets are really busy and the walls are paper thin. We stayed in room 424 which was a little bit too small for anyone older than 10 but that didn't matter too much because we spent most of the time outside anyway. The view outside the window was a
bubble_40	Coffee all day. Doesnt have a lift so remeber to ask for a room in a lower floor. After walking all day in the city it's hard to climb all those steps (we were on the 2nd floor...) The room was small but ok for a sleep. The shower was very good, hot water with a good pressure. AC and ceiling fan ok. Veru close to the subway, little Italy, Chinatown and Soho. I'll return one day. The wifi in the bedroom worked fine at a good speed.
bubble_50	Stayed in Room 337 with 5 Girlfriends (2 Double Beds and 1 Single Bed). Room was spacious enough for our luggage and lots of hangers for our clothes! There is a communal bathroom outside of our Hotel Room which is clean and has also has a shower. This helped greatly as the 5 of us could get ready using the bathroom in our room and the one out in the hall. Shower in the hall actually had more hot water and water pressure than the one in our room to be honest.  Wifi was good. No issues with bed bugs. Hotel Lobby has coffee, tea, and hot water all day till 11pm. Hotel does not have an elevator so you will have to deal with carrying luggage up some stairs but it's not too bad.   Hotel is very close to subway stations. We were so happy with our stay here. There were no issues with
bubble_10	We stayed on a Saturday night to celebrate my daughter's 16th birthday. The hotel location is perfect, and reasonably priced for SoHo, or at least near SoHo. 2 downsides: No parking anywhere nearby and the rooms could be the smallest in NYC.  At 4am we were woken by an altercation across the hallway. Somehow, 6 grown men were in the same room, and clearly very drunk. Eventually, an hour later at 5am, the police arrived and the room was cleared.  "Stuff" happens (I get that), but the fact it took them an hour to call the police, and the only recompense offered is a discount (minor) off another potential stay. It's how hotels deal with issues that counts, not the fact that they occurred. In this case the resolution to the event itself, and my subsequent requests have been poor.
bubble_50	I recently stayed at the Sohotel with a few friends.  The location was in a superb location, within walking distance of the fabulous neighbourhoods of Little Italy, Soho and Noho. Great restaurants nearby. The room was modern, clean and very quiet considering the vibrant neighbourhood we were staying in.  The service was outstanding!  I want to mention particularly Martin, the Bellman for his kindness and warm hospitality during our stay!  As well Jenny at the desk and Bellman Junior for their helpfulness and friendliness.
bubble_40	We love to stay in Soho and the Sohotel was in the heart of New York's best neighborhood. The staff was extremely pleasant and despite the very small room, for the price and location we will definitely stay here again. The bed was comfortable and the free coffee was actually quite good.
bubble_50	The staff was absolutely amazing!  The hotel was so darling!  I loved it and will most definitely be coming back!  I love how chic it looks and my VPs that i brought with me loved it as much as i did!!!!
bubble_50	Remarkable things have happened on the lower East side with the rebuilding of the WTC but the earthy feel of this hotel on cnr of Broome and Bowery remains.....despite its chic feel and refurb. Great bars and eating abound . Little Italy...China Town. Cool pubs. And it hasn't become too ritzy like the meat packing district.  Fun to walk around. Fun to step inside. And in the hotel get some advice from the heavenly Victoria at Reception.
bubble_40	Stayed here with two friends for five nights. Got a tidy but small room to fit us all and our luggage. But it got more and more crowded through the week...shopping, shopping. Nice staff. Minus for the no breakfast. But we can recommend "The butchers daughter" on block away.
bubble_50	Very nice hotel with excellent location, and great atmosphere. The staff was very friendly. Our room was pretty small, but clean and cosy. Located in Little Italy, it's easy to get to anywhere you'd like. Overall very happy with our stay (4 nights).
bubble_40	I would be giving the hotel five stars had it not been for the inconvenience from our check in. I was on business and my company card booked the room so there needed to be authorization from my boss, which was faxed over and taken care of. Upon check in, which was late at night, the receptionist said she had not seen the authorization that was faxed over and basically looked at us blankly without taking any steps or asking coworkers if perhaps they knew of this authorization that was faxed. This went on for about 15 minutes until I called my boss to let her know of the debacle and ,while on the phone with her, they nonchalantly told me that had found the mysteriously vanished fax. That did not sit well with me and I felt unwelcomed.  HOWEVER, the remainder of my trip was a joy.
bubble_20	Upon entering you may think that you've arrived in a celebrity Soho hotel. Exposed brick, check. Industrial chic, check. Vests on staff, check. Free coffee and tea, check, check.   But then we were shown our room (216) and the checks disappear literally, as the door opened. The door scratches and wears down the floor to the point that it exposed the nails in the wooden floor boards.   The decor was also a question mark. Blue and yellow painted walls with Asian themed flowers in frames doesn't fit industrial motif of the lobby.   The bathroom isn't bad with its rain shower and Bigelow branded soaps.  But water damage is significant on the bottom of the door.   The flat screen TV and cable are easy to use, but the picture is not adjusted for the display. For example we missed the
bubble_40	Prime location for exploring NYC - either on foot or via the subway system. Sohotel is close to everything. Nice hotel, very friendly staff, spacious rooms, good beds. No breakfast at the hotel, but there are pleanty of options just down the street. Definitely worth a visit - and a revisit
bubble_40	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in March 2015. The location is just perfect, lots of nice restaurants around and a great place to stay if you want to explore NY. The hotel lobby is really nice and also our room was nice, not too small, very clean and pleasant. The staff was very friendly and helpful with bags and our questions. The only thing which was a problem was the noise at night which came out of the walls in the room. It sounded like banging pipes and was really noisy. As we almost could not sleep the first night, we asked the hotel to put as in another room which they did immediately. The new room was also nice and a lot quieter. The restaurant in the hotel is ok but the staff was not very good and helpful there. I would stay in the hotel again but would not
bubble_40	Sohotel is a really cute boutique hotel, our experience was wonderful. The hotel is super clean and the beds are very conformable, the hotel is under remodeling and the new rooms are really nice with garden showers. What started out bad ended up to be a great experience. We booked the super family room which is really small but it has 3 beds. They gave us the room right under the construction and we were awoken by hammering, drilling and dust on our face. We complaint to the manager Donnethe and she was very quick to resolve the issue, she ended giving us 2 rooms one for my husband and I and one for my kids, she also offered to pay for our breakfast while the rooms were being cleaned up, we did not take the breakfast offer because the 2nd room was free so figure that was more
bubble_50	We had a fantastic stay at the Sohotel. It is a funky, chic hotel close to a couple of subway stations. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. For New York, the rooms had ample room and were very warm during winter weather. While the hotel was under construction, they moved us into a larger suite so we wouldn't be bothered by construction. Even though there's no elevator, the bell staff took care all of our luggage, and it was a quick couple of flights to our room. We traveled with five teenagers, and this was one place that would accommodate five to a room comfortably. I would highly recommend staying here!
bubble_20	The only thing going for this hotel is it's location and friendly staff. The rooms are tiny (even in NY terms), timber floorboards so you heard everyone trecking thru the corridors, heating that made noises all night, noisy bar downstairs, terribly uncomfortable beds. We asked for quieter rooms after 2 nights of no more than 2-3hrs sleep and we were moved up 1 level, better but still pretty bad. The only way to describe this hotel is as a step above a hostel. Spend the extra $50 a night and stay somewhere else if you're wanting to get more than a 2-3hrs sleep per night.
bubble_40	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Sohotel. It was unique, clean, the employees were very friendly and helpful, and it was a relatively short walk to the Subway. It's very close to Little Italy and there's an excellent dessert place right down the street. The neighborhood overall was pretty quiet and felt very safe. I traveled with a group of friends and we stayed comfortably in the room for five. They held our bags after we'd checked out so we could spend another day out without worrying about carrying them. I'd recommend and happily stay there again!
bubble_50	We were 3 adults sharing a family room that had plenty of space, was immaculate and very comfortable.  The beds were great with high quality linens along with plenty of wonderful bathroom towels and supplies.  We were attending a party close by so 2 other rooms were occupied by other family members and all of us were happy at this hotel.  The staff was incredibly nice and helpful, especially Alain, Chandra, Vinya (not sure if I've spelled her name correctly) along with the bellmen and others support staff.  The price was great for a NY hotel.  I'd recommend asking for a renovated room, which we had and also on the 2nd floor as there is no elevator.  You are right at the edge of Little Italy and Chinatown where there are great restaurants.  I would definitely return to this hotel.
bubble_30	Nice staff but the hotel is oldnew paint, groovy decor and a great location can't compensate for the fact that the water pressure is iffy, guests are young (and noisy) and the rooms are tiny. The water in my room stopped mid shower and because there are no phones in the room I had to head down to reception with soap in my hair, a towel on my head and swaddled in quickly-donned overcoat. Somewhat embarrassing to say the least. Front desk staff upgraded me to another room on the second floor, but then it happened again. Bottom line: If you are a hipster who is willing to trade in comfort (and personal hygiene) for quiet then the Sohotel is fine. . . but only just. The staff are what make it tolerable.
bubble_10	Rude staff at the restaurant below and drunk people all over this hotel, it's like a frat house without  the fun times. They also broke a hole through the wall in my room while renovating the room next to mine, something they never mentioned until I check in. Plaster all over my luggage.
bubble_40	Small, clean and comfortable rooms. Very handy for transportation and the lively nightlife with a heap of great bars and restaurants within easy walking distance. No elevator so the stairs give you a good workout!
bubble_10	Staff rude and unhelpful. I would not recommend this hotel. The location is good, unfortunatly if you want bad service, bad attitude, unhelpful staff then go ahead and book a room but  i highly recommend you DONT.
bubble_50	Very clean, great location, subway stations a short walk away and lots of restaurants nearby. Staff was always nice and would help with anything with a smile on their face. Rooms may be small but, hey, it's New York you're not going to be spending time in your hotel room! I mean, we easily fit five people in there with luggage for a couple of days. There's also a pretty good bar/restaurant downstairs, I don't know if it's part of the hotel but it's interconnected.
bubble_50	Wow what great service.  Awesome service and very well located close to red bus tour. Had a gidd few runs . Good restaurants Italian and Chinese.  Will go back. And for kids all good .friendly staff and check out awesome Italian restaurant next door.
bubble_40	First of all, the hotel is in a great downtown location. Right in SoHo you're in the midst of NYC. Close to subway connections that can bring you anywhere in the city, and all kinds of nice restaurants and boutiques in the direct vicinity. The Bacchanal restaurant right below the hotel is - for example - a typical NYC restaurant for the neighborhood. Also, the Randolph Beer Bar next door is something I would recommend too. The Sohotel offers a variety of different hotel rooms. All of them are quite small but have a nice look and feel. The atmosphere in the rooms is just right, and the rooms we had were also relatively quiet. The bathroom is small but the shower, toilet and sink are all working well. The beds are excellent! The people working in the hotel are very service
bubble_50	I stayed one night with a friend, and 2 twelve-year olds. We stayed in the family size room. The beds were very good and the room well-appointed. The hotel was very hip in style and recently renovated. Service was excellent. The location is great because it is on the edge of Chinatown and Little Italy and Soho. You can get to all areas quickly. There is the usual noise-level that comes with being in a busy area but too bothersome. I recommend the hotel and hope to stay there again!
bubble_50	We stayed here from 14th-20th February. The hotel is really well placed and we loved the decor. It feels very New Yorky.  Our rooms were good, despite some other reviews, were good temperature, quiet and very comfy. The staff were lovely and helpful. Mr Singh was really fantastic every day of our visit- very happy, friendly and helpful, he made our stay there extra special  Thanks to him.  Overall a cheap, good hotel close to everything you could need in NYC x
bubble_50	Stayed at the Sohotel for a weekend with my boyfriend. We chose it because of its great location and affordability, but we loved it for so much more. Yes, our room was a bit on the small side, but it didn't bother us at all. Rooms were very clean, quiet, and comfortable. The new renovation gave it a hip vibe which matched the neighborhood perfectly. We would also recommend the Sohotel for its accommodating staff, especially Junior. He was very helpful, and truly made our experience. We will definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	The Sohotel is a ok place to stay. They oversell a bit on ther website. Lobby and lounge look nice, but the rooms are really small and in mine was a bit a strange smell. one i could life with. Staff was really friendly. Good location. Lot of cool restaurants are in walking distance.
bubble_40	I've been to Sohotel twice now because for value in the Soho area it's very hard to beat. The rooms are small but very clean and the staff are extremely welcoming. If you book online in advanced you tend to get some really good deals so look into that. But the main thing for me is the location. It's on the corner of Bowery and Broome, which gives you plenty of options to explore downtown and head over to Williamsburg as well. I've stayed in a lot of NY hotels and this is one of the few that doesn't rip you off.
bubble_40	The hotel is located in a nice place, few blocks away from soho shopping area, by foot. We were 5 ppl in 1 room, it was satisfying enough... The service is very warmful. Helped us ordering restaurant reservations and a cab back 2 the airport. Recommended for groups by the age of 18-32.
bubble_50	We swiss familly with older and young kids during cold week got great deal for spacious room, everything work including heating, wifi, hot water, windows,good beds. Many good places around, felt safe to walk. It was winter so we didnt hear any street noise either from the lobby (our room was next to it). Thanks concierge advise we even took subway from there to go to Newark and was easy.  We had a great experience also thanks to friendly staff.
bubble_10	The hotel was very low standards-but almost the highest in price over the holidays-When I arrived I was shocked and could not stay at this hotel that was over $350 per night...when I went on line to check the price it was under $125 per night-Why was I paying over $350? No refund for me-I had to pay almost $400 to get out of my 5 day stay-Don't get near this hotel!
bubble_50	Aside from being a Soho staple, Sohotel is a charming and affordable haven in the middle of Broome Street, best known for nightlife. But don't let that scare you, the soundproof windows make for a VERY quiet stay and the warm decor lends for some cozy sleeping. Could not have enjoyed our stay any more!
bubble_50	The staff were very friendly and the rooms impeccable on our return in December 2014. The free tea and coffee is good quality and a major plus. They have revamped and refurbished beautifully. It is an economical, stylish and comfortable place to stay.
bubble_20	Very very cool staff, very friendly but......I know a lot of hotels in New York but I ve never been in a room like this. Extremely small , very uncomfortable, there is not elevators  and this is not Soho, this is China Town
bubble_40	I stayed with two friends in January 2015.  Upon our arrival we were assigned a room on the 4th floor.  It was spacious, clean, and charming but it was freezing cold.  After cranking the heat, we gave it some time and then asked the staff if we could change rooms.  The gentleman at the desk was very helpful, and showed us two options and we chose a room on the main floor that was very warm, a lot smaller, and one floor above street level.  Beyond this, we had very little interaction with the staff, and what we did have was all very pleasant.    -LOCATION: close to chinatown, little italy, shopping on broadway, and the lower east side.  There is a deli two blocks away for snacks, and many cute bars/restaurants to chose from.  For a cheap night out I HIGHLY recommend "Taim" a
bubble_50	I really did not fancy travelling to New York on the day the Christmas lights were turned on at the Rockefeller Centre. Some of my favourite places to stay were fully booked but the SoHotel still had availability at reasonable prices. I am very glad I took the gamble. I had a wonderful stay, yes, the noisy pipes in the room are a bit quirky but the radiators and ceilings reminded me of a long gone period. The whole house is full of history, especially in the moldings and other details. I did not expect reliable wireless given how think the walls are in this place but was pleasantly surprised when it worked perfectly. Check in took less than 10 seconds and check out was even faster. When I could not find the receipt, I got an email within seconds. I personally love the
bubble_50	My son chose this hotel and I was a bit apprehensive.  But, kudos to my son.  It's got a great vibe and great location, if you're wanting to stay in the Soho area.   The hotel is very cool and decorated to suit. There's a lot of exposed brick walls, fun windows walking up the stairs. Rooms are on the small side, but it's New York!! And you have everything you need in them. Even free wifi that works great! As soon as you walk in, you're greeted by a staff member. Check-in was fast and with a smile. We have 3 rooms and they're all a bit different.  My kids here with me are 21-24 and love the hotel.
bubble_30	I was very excited to stay at this hotel and it was our first five days in New York. The staff are not friendly at all and in fact almost contemptuous it felt at times. I heard a receptionist talking to another guest that wanted to extend their stay as they didn't want to move hotels, and the receptionist couldn't give a price for an extra night and didn't even bother to try to help them. In the end, those guests left early too. There is construction at the moment, all day, starting at 8am. We were allocated a room right opposite a large area of construction with no explanation or apology. Location is good though thank goodness. I've never written a review before after ten years of international travel, but my stay at sohotel has compelled me, as I don't wish others to have such
bubble_50	An absolute gem, extremely affordable, boutique, helpful staff and in a vibrant district - better than any midtown hotel. no problem about the elevator as it was only 3 stories. the rooms were trendy and the beds lovely, would easily stay again and again and again!
bubble_40	I just needed a room in lower manhattan for one night, and happened across a deal for Sohotel ~ did a little research and felt comfortable enough to book.  Overall, I enjoyed my brief stay.  I read that there was no elevator from street level to reception area, but I did not understand that there was NO ELEVATOR period (!).  Luckily someone helped me with my bags up to the front desk & then I was assigned a room on the 2d floor so I did not have to go further up.  It was a little noisy right by the front desk, but I was OK with that (also noisier that close to street level, but I expect noise when in Manhattan).    The room was tight, but I also expect that in Manhattan. Beds were very comfy (LOVED the pillows!) and bathroom, while cramped, was spotless.  Rain shower was
bubble_50	Enjoyed staying in one of the newly remodeled rooms on the third floor.  There was plenty of room for the three of us.  The room had two queen beds and one twin.  They were very comfortable with many pillows.  We liked the rain shower.  The staff was helpful.  We were able to walk to many good restaurants and liked the eclectic neighborhood.  I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Loved the location and Sohotel is adorable! The eclectic furniture is so cool, loved the wall colors, the brick walls and dimmer lighting. Very cozy feel to it. My family, 2 adults/2 teens, stayed Sat. night and were very happy we chose that hotel! The doorman Junior was so friendly and helpful and made us feel so welcome. Excellent staff -- friendly and helpful. We reserved the superior family room (2 doubles/1 twin) and it was just right for the 4 of us. The beds & pillows were comfy too, liked the warm comforters. Some reviews said street side got noisy so they accommodated our request to be away from the street and it was nice & quiet (no view but that was ok). Great shower pressure and water was hot. Kids appreciated the free wi-fi. Adults appreciated the free coffee/tea in
bubble_20	I stayed here for work last minute when no other hotels were available in the area.  This hotel is more like a hostel.  The rooms are tiny, barely enough room to walk around the bed. But they are clean.The bathroom was even smaller, if you open the door it hit the sink. I had an interior room which had no window at all, so strange! In the room is a wall unit ac, however the hallways were really hot, especially when you have to walk up 3 flights of stairs to your room.  It's not what I would expect for a $300 a night hotel.  But at the time it was here or near the airport or $600 a night.  Location is pretty good, there's bar/restaurant right next door.  It's on the border of Soho and Chinatown.   Staff was really friendly and helpful.  There's no elevator but they do have
bubble_40	First time visitor to this 'boutique hotel' on edge of little Italy & Chinatown. Only one real issue - the place doesn't have a lift! We were therefor restricted to rooms on the second floor as my wife found the steep stairs just too taxing. We ended up with a very tiny room but still I have to say that the Sohotel is a good place to stay. Excellent and helpful staff, well placed for a host of good Italian and Chines restaurants and easy access to subway for 'Uptown' or elsewhere. It's just not suitable - in my opinion - for anybody who struggles with stairs or is infirm. No bar/restaurant exactly but there are two independent bars - one serves food also - at street level which are easily accessible. We preferred the one on Bowery (it does food) and it also has access to the
bubble_30	I had mixed feelings about this hotel. It was very basic and small and possibly a little too small for five people for six nights. It was a fantastic location - very close to multiple subways and Soho is great with lots of restaurants, shops and bars. The room was freshly painted, the bathroom was really nice, the hairdryer was excellent and it was very warm and comfortable. The staff were wonderful - so friendly and helpful however when we asked to borrow some coins for the vending machine, they would not give us any and they refused to call a taxi for us so we ended up using one of their cars to get back to the airport which cost double the price of our first trip from the airport to the hotel. Each day five people were having showers and at least two people each day would
bubble_50	Great place to stay with friendly staff and very helpful. Our room was very nice.The hotel is close to Little Italy and China Town walking distance.Would definitely stay there again and would recommend anyone to stay there and the subway station is close to
bubble_50	We continue to pick the Sohotel year after year and this year was no exception. This was our 5th time to stay with the Sohotel and the experience was as always- wonderful.  The renovation is still in progress and a little noise was heard, but not enough to ruin our stay. The new entry is much more easy and user friendly. Still, no elevator, but the Bellmen take care of your luggage to the room and we kind of like climbing the stairs to our 4th floor room considering the lobby is on the 2nd. With each stay the faces are more familiar as is the hotel.  Our room was facing Broome St. as we requested. We like to be able to see the street and activity. At night, especially on the weekend you may get a little noise from below, but that's ok. It's New York and there is foot traffic and
bubble_10	Hotel staff are vey kind.  Room are too small.   Monday morning  there were not hot water? I never had this problem on any hotel I reserved in the past.   On Monday also, they were having renovation on the corridor, sandblasting. No one warned us?   And the last, why I would never stay again at your hotel, housekeepers , at checkout they tried to rob us, all the kids Christmas gifts that we bought.   Thank you Sohotel, we won't be back to your hotel and we won't recommend to any to our friends.
bubble_50	The room rate was great! The staff extremely helpful. The rooms were clean. Plenty of pillows for each bed! Always had hot water! Soho is quiet! So we slept well without all the noise from outside in the city! I highly recommend this hotel and I will be back with family next year to stay here. The doormen treat you like family!
bubble_40	We have stayed here several times over the years. It is a nice, quaint place. The rooms are however right on the line of being a little too small. Beds are comfortable tho and homey. The lobby couches (zebra print) are a little tacky. The prices have definitely become a little "bloated",especially for the space and location.
bubble_20	The Sohotel was ok but too expensive for what it was. There was no lift and we had a person in our group with a chronic back problem. The room was so cramped, for the 3 persons staying in the room for 3 people. The location was good but I found the people in New York to be rude and so unfriendly !! Shame
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I stayed here on our annual Christmas trip to NYC.  We had been going for years and wanted to stay away form the craziness of mid town.  We had been there done that! We wanted to be near Little Italy and experience SOHO.  This hotel staff was one of the best if NOT the BEST staffs I have ever encountered.  I feel like I can truly say that because I am a flight attendant and travel all over the world.  Daily they would ask if there was anything we needed or directions for our day of exploring the city or suggestions on dinning places. Our bags were carried to our rooms and when we left loaded into the cab that was hailed for us and waiting when we left. Our room was spotless and clean. The bathroom was a good size for New York. GREAT shower with and rain head
bubble_50	This hotel was amazing!! We enjoyed it so much.  Not only did they offer a 5 person room at a great rate, the staff was absolutely a pleasure to work with.  The decor of the hotel was fun and eclectic and we were made to feel so at home!!  We loved the doorman and their purple ties!!!  We had a wonderful stay and when I travel back to the city, Sohotel will definitely be my top choice!!
bubble_40	In between Nolita, Little Italy, Soho and the East village. Great access to shops and amazing little eateries. Friendly and helpful staff.  Small rooms but very  comfortable, trendy and clean. Would definitely recommend it and would stay again.
bubble_40	we were five women traveling ranging from the age of 12 up to 80, had a great stay at the sohotel. Despite no elevator the doorman was very helpful with our luggage.The room, family one with two doubles and a single,  was very clean and the beds very comfortable which does help after a long day in town. Staff was very kind and professional. If and when we are back in town will surely stay there again.
bubble_30	The staff is very friendly and helpful, the lobby area is attractive but there is no elevator and the room we got was not only small, but the furniture was worn, the caulking in the bathroom looked like a chimpanzee had done it and there were paint swatches on the wall. Bed was comfortable and clean and the heat worked.
bubble_50	Conveniently located (while a little far from the subway) between Chinatown and little Italy, spacious room for 5, very clean, bright and comfortable. There is no fridge or coffee machine in the rooms, but a coffee and tea by the reception. One point to note: no elevator.
bubble_40	Great centralized location.  close walk to trains, shopping, food, "boutique" stuff, etc.  Front desk staff, Larbi and Nick, were very accommodating and had great recommendations.  Also employees, Singh and Junior, were so friendly it made it hard to leave.  will definitely stay there again.
bubble_30	Needed a one-night stay on a Wednesday in Soho. Nothing else was available so said fine, stayed here. Probably wouldn't go back.  Pros: Design is trendy. Great wifi. Clock time was off by  Room was enormous -- later found my agent had booked me for the family room of five people. Good if you want to be right on the edge of Chinatown.  Cons: Checked in with a huge bag (was travelling for a month), no one welcomed me at the door. Found no check-in on the entry level, had to carry bag up a flight of stairs to the second floor, where I found check-in. No lights operable from the bed, would have to wander to the bathroom in the dark. Clock time was off by four hours. No in-room dining, had to go walk around in the area for dinner, not much nearby to be found. Radiator kept me up all
bubble_40	I was a solo female traveller on business and stayed 3 nights here . Would definatly return - the room was very comfortable , good shower pressure , clean  and most importantly I felt very safe and welcome . The doorman were delightful , and everyone was very keen to help . Blake even showed me where to go for the best bagels !
bubble_40	Can't afford to spend silly money per night in Manhattan but don't want to end up traveling like a backpacker? Sohotel is a great option in that case! The local streets seem a little dilapidated but the hotel is pleasantly well presented, clean and well equipped. Stayed for 3 nights whilst visiting NY after the marathon. Good location with easy access to subway to get to Downtown, Midtown, Broadway etc. The staff were attentive, helpful and friendly. The rooms are quite small but I think this is a common Manhattan hotel issue. Air con unit in the room and very effective radiator (The room became too hot for my liking with the radiator on overnight despite the cold weather outside - but you can turn it off). Comfortable bed, decent shower, adequate space for clothes. My only
bubble_50	Glad that we gambled on this hidden gem after only seeing a 2.5 rating on here. Superb location with lots of cool bars and restaurants nearby. The lobby and rooms are very cool and staff very friendly and helpful, would definitely reccomend. Only negative was no iron or safe in the room.
bubble_40	A nice, modern hotel in a good location. The room was clean and spacious, and the bed was comfortable. On the negative, check in was painfully slow and the lack of a phone in the room was strange and frustrating.
bubble_50	Great hotel and room for 5. Close to the San Gennero Feast. Friendly staff! Good size room, bathroom a bit small but overall fit our overnight needs. Will definitely stay here again. I loved the unique decorating style...so different from anywhere I've stayed.
bubble_40	When we have arrived the staff were really nice and kind enough to open the door for us. The decor wasn't to my style because it was quite dark.  The reception is upstairs which inconvenient if u have lots of luggage like me. When we arrived to out room, it looked quite small but we did have two double beds and a single bed. TV, little table and a lamp for each bed.  The bathroom was not the best we have seen but if u staying for a short time it wouldn't be a problem.  The beds OMG I have never found hotel bed more comfortable in my life and the pillows were so fluffy it's was great, I could stay in bed all day. The coffe and tea were by the reception which wasn't the best idea. But the coffee is good comparing to other hotels I have stayed with. But definitely recommend!!!
bubble_40	Stayed for two nights, and the hotel exceeded our expectations.  From reading some of the reviews, I thought we were going to check into a closet, but we found the room (#303) to be very comfortable.  Loved the hardwood floors.  Yes, the bathroom was on the small side, but it didn't slow us down, and it was very clean and well-appointed.  A/C worked like a charm.  Front desk staff was very helpful and courteous, as were the doormen.  Will definitely return, especially because we didn't get a chance to try the beers or the Saigon Vietnamese Sandwich right next door!
bubble_50	Stayed for 9 nights, the room was clean and stylish if not a little small (to be expected in NYC). Great location and fantastic staff who are kind and eager to help! Special mention to the fantastic man at the door Junior who made my mother (sister) and I feel welcome every time we got in.
bubble_30	a hotel which is very well located for travelling around with very. ,very helpful and friendly staff,but  our room was so small we could hardly walk around the Bed . Coffee was served at breakfast time, but bearing in mind the hotel cost a little CONTINENTAL TYPEBREAKFAST would not have gone amiss.
bubble_30	We recently stayed at The Sohotel for a long weekend in October 2014. Located at the intersection of Bowery and Broome, the hotel is close to the shopping, eating and drinking SoHo has to offer.   The entrance area of the hotel appears to have been renovated recently with modern finishings and a fun look. The staff were helpful and pleasant, with a 24hr presence.   Our room was fairly basic and quite small. The bathrooms are also small and quite old. We had frequent issues with the shower - from water temperature and pressure - so if you feel strongly about your showering experience, this hotel might not be for you. (We did notify the front desk staff when we lost all hot water one day and it was fixed by the time we returned in the evening so the staff were quick to address
bubble_50	This is a clean, safe hotel that has been built within a cool, old industrial building.  It is full of architectural character and charm with some modern furnishings in the sparse entrance area.  The nearest businesses are mostly lighting supply places and culinary supply places.  This is real, working NYC, not really the touristy part of town.  (For me that is a plus, not a minus.)   This is a great launch pad for some one who doesn't need a huge hotel lobby or lots of amenities.  If you are the kind of traveler that wants to spend every hour out, experiencing the city, you will be fine here. If you want a luxurious lobby and close access to cheesey tourist restaurants, go elsewhere.    The staff was SUPER friendly and helpful.  Big shout out of THANKS to Singh, the nicest
bubble_40	A nice budget hotel with very friendly staff. Clean and fresh rooms and the noise from the street didn't disturb me. The location is god not the nicest street but close to soho and nice restaurangs. The hotel bar randolphs beer is nice aswell.
bubble_40	We stayed at the SOHOTEL last week for 9 nights, there were 5 of us sharing between two family rooms (2 queen beds and a single).  We stayed in rooms 325 and 327, which were on the first floor and next door to each other.  I loved the location of the hotel, lots of places to eat within walking distance, One place which I loved was The Butchers daughter - friendly staff and interesting food choices!.  The subway Grand street was a 6 minute walk or grab a coffee at Dean and Deluca and hop on the subway station just outside.  The rooms were made up daily, comfortable beds, fluffy pillows.  The free wifi was fantastic and the tea/coffee in the morning was great. And now for the cons - noisy air conditioner, we were close to the street and when window was left open for fresh air,
bubble_10	The location is great and yes, it is another hotel that put focus on creating a cool vibe on the entrance and lobby....but that is it. The staff were pleasant, but unfortunately clueless. I had requested a room with the "good shower", as suggested on the booking site. When checking in, I asked if it was going to be possible to get that type if room- which confused the clerk who left to discuss with the Mgr. After some time, he came back and gave me my key. The room was small (expected) but so run down. I went back and asked about the request- to which the Mgr replied that I had been given a room with better water pressure (?!). They were not able to answer any questions- or guidance. The rooms need a serious paint job and update- and the bathrooms could use some very basic TLC
bubble_40	Booked this hotel for a 5-person family room. A bit small but perfect for exploring NY with a family of teenagers. Very friendly and accommodating staff, quirky reception area. well located for Little Italy and Chinatown. Easy access to Subway.
bubble_40	My very first impression of the hotel was the awesome staff. Every staff member I interacted with were friendly, patient, and super helpful. (This includes maids) We arrived on a Sunday, a couple of hours before check in and I believe the day after fashion week had finished up so there were people still checking out. They stored our bags and the receptionist apologized that he couldn't get us an early check in. But that was OK, not his fault we arrived early. We hung around the lobby for a bit and enjoyed the cute decorations. A nice lobby always makes you feel like you're in a great hotel.  When we finally got our rooms, I rushed into mine. As I was walked into my room, one of the hotel staff was in my room inspecting the bathroom. This gave me a huge relief. This shows that
bubble_40	OK, if you are young, and you're there for party/shopping in the weekends - perfect hotel, you won't need more. They have big family rooms for 5. Pricing is very reasonable. Don't expect a great bar in the hotel, but just around the corner there are plenty. No breakfast, but who needs that with so many coffeshops around...  If you're there for BUSINESS or don't want a very moving hotel with room with thin walls, during the week - go for it, definately, in the weekend, let it go and look elsewhere.  We stayed from Wednesday to Saturday...  The rooms are basic but clean. The location is nice. There is free wifi.  There is no elevator...I loved it, just a few steps...but, if you can't do that, stay away.   Remember, if you consider all thjose hotel in NYC, there are so many...but
bubble_40	In short notice, we were able to book a suite for labor day weekend! we had a group of 5 guys staying in the room and let me tell you, it was very comfortable! the room was a little small but we were only in the room when we went to sleep for a couple of hours. The room was very clean and comfortable. the bed and the pillows were awesome! the staff was very friendly and helpful! PS: Thanks for the iron! LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! this hotel is basically right in the middle of everything! China town is just down the corner, turn around and little Italy is there! Train station and public parking right around the corned too.  I think this just became our spot for short trips like this!
bubble_30	Sohotel is located right near Chinatown and all the wonderful dumpling restaurants that come with it. Or you can head north to Nolita, where there are a string of cute and delicious brunch spots. The subway is just two blocks away and from there you can explore the city. The hotel is modern, with a fun and eclectic flair that unfortunately ends with the public spaces.   The rooms are on the small side, but this is New York so that's to be expected. There were a few maintenance issues in our room: the door to the bathroom hit the toilet, paint was chipping on the wall, the lights wouldn't turn on periodically. While the room-- at our insistence-- had a window, the view was of a brick wall two feet away.   These things were OK because we didn't really spend much time in the room,
bubble_40	Very good location, one block from China Town and Little Italy. Nice design, unusuall... but: Rooms are way too small! Bathroom is tiny, no elevator and loud airconditioner, it was very hot during night, so had to sleep with loud air con.  Staff were nice and friendly.
bubble_50	Our family spent two nights here. Since the hotel allowed five to a room (two queens and one twin), our family was able to stay in one room and save considerably compared to other similar options. The room was typically NY-small with no closets, but very clean and comfortable with a cool decor. The location was excellent--close to several subway stops and just between Little Italy and Chinatown. The staff was friendly and helpful, printing our boarding passes and giving lots of travel advice. The only downside for us was that our room did not have a fridge, but we were able to store something in the hotel kitchen. The commute to JFK was very simple by subway and air train, but can take up to an hour and a half.
bubble_40	The hotel has great rooms (a pity has no wardrobe), the beds are really comfortable and the bathroom is ok. The location is great as Soho is a great place, but it is 7 blocks from the subway so if you are carrying heavy luggage must consider it. Also there is no elevator so must ask someone of the hotel staff to carry it up. Last thing there is no breakfast but there are great choices around
bubble_50	Just back from a 10 day stay in this fantastic NYC boutique hotel.  The location is really good on the corner of Bowery & Broome right in the midst of SoHo, China Town and Little Italy.  With very easy access to the 6, 5, 4, A,C,E J & Z subway lines.  The neighbourhood is really lively with plenty of restaurants, coffee shops, take-out and convenience stores all within walking distance.  The area is also completely safe at all times of the day and night.  We are a family of five (14, 12 & 9 year old kids) and room 227 on the first floor was very spacious with plenty of room for us and our luggage as well as the daily shopping !!  The two double and one single beds in the room were very comfortable and despite being directly above a late night bar and facing the street the room
bubble_40	We stayed here for a couple of nights and it was much better than the dodgy place we stayed at beforehand. I love the Soho area so that was a massive advantage, plus the furnishings were cute and kitschy and we had our own small room and bathroom. The only downside is they don't have any elevators if you have massive suitcases like we did, but the staff will help you with your bags (you feel kind of guilty though cos it is an older dude who struggles them up the stairs for you). Overall happy with my stay!
bubble_30	We stayed at Sohotel for one night. Well the price is little bit pricey but its New York!! Location is great, its near the travel tour that we booked. Decoration in the lobby is great and staff were really nice and helpful also.  you get free coffee and tea in the lobby. Free wifi including in the rooms. I booked double bed queen, beds were comfortable and bathroom was clean also. There is no elevator in the hotel but staff help us. The bad: the A/C very loud, and we can hear our next room (wall pretty thin) ;).
bubble_40	Very clean hotel with bright upbeat rooms with character. Wonderful, friendly staff.  The bathroom was immaculate with c.o. bigelow toiletries, not what I would have imagined for the price bracket. The beds and pillows were extremely comfortable. The hotel was perfect for our needs. The hotel is right on the edge of the bowery and steps away from little Italy and Chinatown, not soho proper.  There isn't an elevator and coffee/tea facilities are in reception and not in the room. The area is a little noisy at night, there is a popular bar next door.  We simply turn the air conditioner on low, and had no problems sleeping. If these factors are not detractors, you will love the hotel and the savings!!!
bubble_50	Great location with easy access to multiple subway stations.  Rooms weren't huge but were big enough for what I needed. Staff were helpful and friendly. Would have no issues recommending this hotel to any friends looking for somewhere to stay
bubble_50	We love the Village, SoHo and Little Italy but have never found a great place to stay that we could afford - til now.  Room was very clean and a decent size...with handy touches that make hotel stays easier- long counter top, lots of hangers and outlets and terrific toiletries.  Staff was lovely, Internet worked perfectly, public areas cool - and the price was great!
bubble_40	The Sohotel is a great boutique hotel, very good located in between China Town and Little Italy, close to plenty of great restaurants and bars as well as close to several Subway stations. However, the rooms are small and with a family of five even the Family room wasn't spacey enough - from the other hand we were not in the room other than for sleeping - so it did the trick. For the room size, the lack of breakfast, the lack of an elevator/lift ... it is a bit overpriced. Also - no safe in the room - only in the storage room - it will be a great improvement to get the safes in the room themselves. Last but not least - first time ever I've been asked to pay for the whole stay in advance...
bubble_30	We stayed at Sohotel last year, so my review is a bit belated, but alright. First of all, we flew in from Europe and forgot to call our bank, so our credit card was blocked and we couldn't pay the full stay of a week upon arrival. However, the staff was helpful and understanding and we payed cash for a night and solved it the next morning. The rooms were EXTREMELY small, and the first two days we only had cold water which took the hotel a while to fix, very annoying. Not to mention that our room had a view on Bowery, and the street noise was almost unbearable. 'The city that never sleeps' is a well-deserved nickname. But the friendly staff, nice lobby interior and location kind of make up for it. Not to mention our rooms, and the hotel in general, were always very clean. The
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great spot for exploring the city and the neighbourhood is quirky and fun. But don't expect traditional hotel trimmings. This is a place where you sleep and nothing more. It's very clean and we'll maintained despite being old. Rooms are small and there was only room for one of us to hang up some things and put underwear on a shelf. The bathroom is lacking - nowhere to unpack or hang your toiletries and the shower cubicle is tiny. I would recommend this hotel to young couples and friends who are able bodied and not expecting fancy accommodation just something really decent and clean in a good location at ok nyc price.
bubble_20	This hotel has one good thing going on for it. It is located just a block east of what ever left of Little Italy in lower Manhattan and a walking distance to Tribeca and the Village. On the innovative side: Their experience in new look - the lobby is unfinished and tiles are falling from the wall. Light: There is a skylight in the room - this will make sure you will get full sunlight in your face starting at 5am Sound: every time one of the neighboring rooms uses the shower or the bathroom it will echo directly to your room with a thunder. Space: the room is so small that anything bigger than a personal carry-on bag would not fit inside. Service:Eventhouh I did not have a suitcase or any need for help they sent the bellboy with me to show me how to turn on the light in my room
bubble_40	Convenient to Little Italy, Chinatown, Lower East Side, Soho.  Clean Rooms, Staff friendly. Cool bars nearby for late night food & drinks.  Ran out of coffee everyday by 9AM, slow to replace, otherwise, fair to good
bubble_20	I've stayed with my family (wife and 3 kids) for 6 days recently. We've booked a room that was supposed to be for 5 people, with two queen beds and one single bed. The beds were there, but from the end of the bed until the wall the space was less than 2 feet and in that space there was a table with a TV, so that it was very uncomfortable to move within the room. There was no space for the luggage, either. Bathroom was not better: small size. Staff was very attentive, always smiling, but when making recommendations they were very interested in selling you stuff (tours, etc), rather than in hearing your needs. For the expensive rate there are better options in Manhattan, and even in Soho.
bubble_40	4/5 stars because there isn't an elevator and because it's hard to rank anything excellent.  But, read on, it's a great stay!  Its clean!  Like so many other reviews state - it's clean.  In our opinion, the bed and pillows were very comfortable, as well.  Of course, unless you are in new digs, if you look hard you're going to find something.  But, again, clean and comfortable.  And, the staff was very nice!  We only had one luggage piece, but the staff will take your stuff up to your room.  It's in a great location, too!  Near Grand St. where the restaurant Nam Son is - anything on that menu is delicious.  And, near Little Italy, near, Soho district where you can shop or check out an art gallery and it's just a nice walk up the to the Village.  Around the corner is the orange
bubble_40	My time spent at this hotel was great. The staff was extremely helpful. Junior and Kaleel are great staff as were the others,  they were always willingly available to help and very outgoing, very inviting. The restaurant staff and food was AMAZING. The only thing I would change is the fact that there are no phone's in the rooms to call the front desk. I enjoyed my stay very much, beautiful decor as well.
bubble_50	Room was ready even though we arrived a little early. Front desk was very pleasant as well as everyone else. We even got a free upgrade without asking for it. Room was very nice, clean and pleasant. The bathroom was very spacious and clean as well. This was a great find.
bubble_40	Really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Rooms were very small but I guess you expect that in New York. We were on the first floor with a window but some rooms have no windows ( but are slightly bigger) and there are other floors with no lift so you have to be careful with your room choice. The staff were really friendly and the location was great. Near all the Soho shops and cafes and Little Italy and also close to two subway lines.
bubble_50	My daughter wanted to stay in Soho, so I chose this charming little hotel & we loved it.  Yes the rooms are small - as most rooms are in NYC, but it was friendly and beautiful.  The location is fabulous, within easy walking distance to subways and many attractions.
bubble_40	We have stayed here twice. It's more expensive than we usually spend on a hotel, but very reasonable for NYC. The rooms are very small, but clean. And it's in such a great location that you won't be in the room much anyway! This is our go to hotel in NYC. We will be back!
bubble_40	We stayed at Sohotel for four nights, and overall we were happy with our choice. Its in a great spot in between SoHo, Little Italy and Chinatown, which means there are lots of cool spots within walking distanceand its much quieter than, say, Times Square area. However, there was a bar located directly below our window on the second floor, and on the Friday night it was extremely loud in our room. The air conditioning unit helped drown it out, but not completely. Noise from outside was not an issue any other time during the week. The walls are also extremely thin, and we could hear EVERYTHING from the rooms around us, including people walking around, moving luggage, and a couple enjoying themselves. Sigh.   Sohotels staff were really nice and helpful any time we required
bubble_50	Lovely hotel and a great location...quite even though there was construction going on. Loved the decor..fun color scheme,funky furniture,and beautiful exposed brick. Nice hotel bar attached..though we didn't eat anything there,had a nice drink at the end of the night.Comfortable beds and clean. Definitely going to use this hotel every time I am in the city!
bubble_40	The hotel is situated ideally in the interesting Nolita and close to the Underground, to SoHo. Little Italy and China Town are just around the corner. There are many good restaurants and interesting shops. The rooms are comfortable and clean. The beds are very good. The staff is very friendly helpful. We also appreciated the free coffee and tea in the hotel lobby.
bubble_40	This was my daughters second stay and my first.  She rebooked based on good value for money and it's downtown location.  The hotel itself is significantly historical dating back to the early 19th century hence the absence of an elevator and the smallish rooms.  I like the fact it still retains much of its historical features which add to the charm of the interior.  The staff were friendly and obliging the rooms were basic but clean and well maintained.  I would recommend it to anyone.
bubble_10	Really not like the pictures. Not worth the price. Bathroom looks like a basement bathroom with black mold around the shower. No standard amenities, like phone, iron etc. rooms smell like head sweat.would not reccommend to stay here. for not too much more you could stay at way better hotel in NYC
bubble_50	We stayed at the hotel for 4 days and the service and staff was excellent.  The room was very clear and up to date the pillow and bed was very comfortable.  The location was very convenient and right downtown.  We would definability stay there again.  Rehana Toronto
bubble_40	I have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions. It represents good value for money and is well located with numerous restaurants, including Little Italy, and many bars close by. The hotel is basic but friendly with a high percentage of foreign guests. For anyone wanting to sample NYC without paying a fortune this represents an excellent choice.
bubble_40	This was our second stay at this hotel (we were there approximately 1 1/2 years ago).  We stayed in one of the 2 queen bed rooms but this time we faced onto Bowery instead of Broome.  This room was a little smaller than the one we had last time - preferred the previous room.  However, we had another great stay.  There was just one issue - there were some renovations going on throughout the hotel.  The workmen started very early a couple of mornings: one morning at around 7am they started with their equipment and the next morning they started walking around (very loudly) above at around 6am.  I think that's a little early when there are hotel guests staying below, however, it wasn't a huge deal because I'm an early riser.  If it had been a big problem, I would have said something
bubble_10	We checked in on Sat May 31, 2014 around 4pm. A few hours later one of us noticed a place seal by the NYPD on the room door beside us. It indicated the room was sealed off because someone had died there. A bit disconcerning for us. When we approached the front desk they danced around safety concerns and were caught in a few lies. When we asked to speak to the Manager we were told he was Jewish and didn't work on Saturdays. Then told "well maybe he will come in tomorrow". Then told they "we are going to call him at home". We asked for a full refund for the two nights but were only given one night - at this point it was 7pm and we had only been there for 3 hours. We asked for the Manager to call us tomorrow and still have not heard from him. Awful customer service and dampened the
bubble_10	Very shady hotel with terrible customer service..,, the room adjacent to our was sealed off by the NY police as a crime scene - siting there had been a death in the room and on going investigation!  When we approach staff with the concern, we were dismissed and lied to about the situation.  The story seemed shady and there was definitely an unpleasant feeling in the hotel.  Upon closer inspection we realized our from room door did not properly lock and could be easily opened from the outside.  Stay away from the hotel....there are many other great and safer hotels in the city!  Needless to say we checked out immediately!   This hotel resembles a Hostel, very small room...bare basic amenities and no elevators!
bubble_40	Sohotel is a basic hotel (think nice hostel, without shared bathrooms) in a great location. It's a little bit old, but with a cool eclectic style which matches perfectly with its location in soho. The price is great for the location if you get it on sale. I wouldn't be happy to pay any more than $180/night for this place because as I mentioned, it's quite basic.  The rooms are very small, so opening a suitcase has to be done on the bed. The rooms do have free wifi however, so that was a big plus compared to larger chain hotels which tend to charge for this.  Be aware, there are no lifts....so if you're coming and going you will potentially have to walk up 4 or so flights of stairs each time (not a biggie unless you're lazy, injured or a bit older). I would recommend this hotel
bubble_30	Tiny thin room with two single beds head to head. Probably the weirdest room layout I've ever stayed in! Location was great and room was cheap, so can't complain too much. Would be great for a couple who had fallen out and were on a tight budget!
bubble_30	This hotel has average accommodatiojn but is situated in the trendy Soho area of Manhattan. there are some fantastic cafes and restaurants in this area and you can walk to just about anything from this central point
bubble_40	We had a nice view of the street and the bed was comfortable and the TV had ALOT of channels! The bathroom was small and you couldn't move in the shower without hitting a wall. The room was really stuffy and the windows don't block out the traffic but the fan works beautifully! We had a nice stay here!! I would recommend it! Just don't expect too much room.. Anywhere.
bubble_10	We stayed here just one night, and were hoping to get some decent sleep as we'd got in late the night before, however around 7.30AM were torn from our slumber by a screech of metal from the room next door, men shouting in the corridor, followed by a couple hours of drilling and banging.   I complained to the staff and was told that renovation work started early deliberately so to be completed by check-in time, so displaying a shocking level of contempt to guests who have already paid for a decent night's sleep. Later after several emails I was offered an apology and a derisory sum as compensation, which I refused out of principle. And instead wrote this.
bubble_40	It's a good hotel - not great, but not super expensive either. All staff were super helpful. Construction project was a bit annoying but that can't be helped. Rooms are small but that's NYC. Location is on the edge of Chinatown and there's a fantastic park (Sara D Roosevelt) two blocks away that is a great slice of life and a good spot for running/walking. Pleasant stay.
bubble_40	We stayed in this hotel just before Easter and we found it to be great value for your money. Granted, the rooms are small but when you are in NYC you do not want to spend too much time in your room anyways! The staff were really friendly and you get free coffee and tea in the mornings. There is no elevator in the hotel and they are currently undergoing some construction, but that did not affect us in any way. I would definitely recommend this hotel!
bubble_50	Courtesy, clean, close to everything. You can find everything in soho, but if you have to move somewhere, it's easy! The hotel is cute, design, people is nice. International guests, any age. No elevators, but they will bring up your luggage. I hate elevators, so for me it's not a problem at all. Sure I'll come back!
bubble_40	5 of us stayed in this hotel over the Easter holiday.  We had a great stay the staff were so friendly and helpful it really made our stay.  Having no lift wasn't a problem as we had help with our luggage infact they carried all of them for us.  Location is great, there is traffic noise but what do you expect staying in a city like NY.  Wifi was great, coffee in the morning in the lobby was much appreciated.  Would definitely stay here again we got to do so much in 5 day.
bubble_40	Great hotel. Had family room for our family of 5. Room for this number of people was a bit on the small side, but the staff were so friendly and helpful. Cheapest place we found with a family room in the location we wanted and would stay there again.
bubble_40	The hotel is value for money esp in the peak season. Main points - convenient location, near 2 main subway lines, CLEAN modern new bathrooms, comfy bed. I liked the toiletries and toothpaste PLUS complimentary bottled water. Friendly staff. NO lifts, small rooms. The linen was clean but there were minor stains. The room was serviced daily but maybe with the construction going on downstairs - there was dust ++. Free Wifi was good. I would recommend this place for the price, location and bathrooms. MAKE SURE u try to get top floor and Broome st side rooms, i reckon the lower floor and Bowery side would be a lot noisier.
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed at this Hotel in April 2014 over the Easter period. We choose it based on price ($1200 for 5 nights ) its location bordering on Little Italy and Chinatown and being reasonably close to subways.   We were initially disappointed upon arrival due to being put in a long and narrow 6 ft wide room with two single beds, despite having booked and paid for a standard room with two twin beds thinking we would have a larger room as shown on the website. The font desk staff however were sympathetic and after a chat with the manager we were moved to the correct room, which, whilst suffering some street noise, was satisfactory and had a good bathroom and the most comfortable beds and pillows.  This is a boutique style Hotel and is tastefully decorated, but do not expect
bubble_30	The good:  The price of this hotel was quite good and we were excited when they offered a triple room as there was three of us. The hotel is well-located. Staff are helpful and pleasant. There is free coffee in the morning and free wifi (which is quite slow).  The bad:  When we arrived they were doing construction in the lobby but we couldn't hear it from our room. The room was extremely small (I'm talking even with NYC standards) and the room had no window, save for a skylight, which had no blind. So at sunrise every morning, the room became so unbearably bright you wouldn't be ablet to sleep anymore. Also, the setup of the light switches is ridiculous. The bathroom light is operated by the master switch which powers the entire room (outlets and all). So if you want to charge
bubble_40	I was staying at the Sohotel NYC in early March, with my husband and daughter. It's a lovely little boutique hotel conveniently located between Little Italy and Chinatown. Subways are located just minutes walk away, making transportation to Uptown very convenient. Food is not an issue as there are many decent and very reasonably-priced restaurants nearby.   There were many good reviews about that little Italian restaurant just next to the hotel (I think it was Piacere). But, don't go there. They have very few choices on the menu, food was expensive and comes in very small portion and a little tasteless, unfortunately. Walk a little further and explore Little Italy for more choices, cheaper and better food, if you want Italian.  We love the quaint set-up of the hotel. They gave
bubble_20	I work in Tribeca and live in Connecticut and had an early morning meeting so needed a place to stay without heading home.  Budget was an issue so wanted something on the inexpensive side.  I've stayed at the Nolitan, which is very nice.  It was booked and my travel agent recommended this.  The rate was $80 higher than the night before - $319 - before taxes fees.  Arrived their around 10:30pm.  Lobby area had some construction going on.  Receptionist was nice and helpful, and she told me I had been "upgraded."  Didn't realize it was a walk-up hotel, but that's fine I suppose.  Walked up a few flights, and expected to get a decent room.  Room was tiny - I didn't expect big, so that was no big deal.  Decor was pretty weak.  No thought, and obvious chintzing everywhere, but amazing
bubble_30	We have not stayed in too many "value priced" boutique hotels so we do not have a lot to compare it to.  I had messed up my reservations by choosing the wrong date but they were able to give us a room for the night and adjusted the price accordingly.  While we asked for a room towards the back of the hotel, they gave us one on the street front that was quite noisy.  The room was very small (about 10 ' X 10') but clean.  The front desk asked me for my passport ??!! Even if I did have it with me I would not have given it to them and then they asked for my wife's I.D. ??!! Which I certainly did not give them.  But they were nice about it and the security guard/bell captain was also very friendly as was the cleaning room person, so friendly service all around.  It was also good to
bubble_20	First impression was good. You enter a really cute foyer and head up stairs to an equally cute lobby (though they were in the middle of some renovations right outside the font desk). The Bellhops were very nice and helpful, and the maid/cleaning ladies always gave a friendly hello when passing. But...things went down hill after that.  Over the phone, my sister booked a Superior Family room (2 queens and a twin) in Nov. 2013 for an April 2014 bachelorette party. The week before the party she called again to confirm everything. A 2nd Superior Family room was book by another party attendee when our guest list increased. So two rooms booked to accommodate 9 girls. We arrive at Sohotel Saturday April 11th around 4:45pm. We check in and my sister finds out that they canceled her
bubble_50	Stayed here mainly due to the photos on their website.ASmallish hotel - possibly more of a hostel - but with friendly staff and funky furniture.Away from the madness of Time Sq between Little Italy and Chinatown meant a Greenwich Village vibe.With the subway nearby easy to get to the Big Apple sights or just stay locally and wander the winding treelined streets.Good restaurants and the Tenament Museum - well worth a visit - nearby
bubble_40	We were in NYC for a conference at NYU and stayed at the Sohotel.  The hotel is on a quaint intersection, so we actually did not hear the street noise mentioned in previous reviews. The location is extremely convenient to get to--two different subways within a 3-minute walk, SoHo and Chinatown just minutes away.  We had a room with two king size beds that was enormous by New York standards. Beds were clean and very comfortable. No bedbugs! The room was neatly furnished with ample closet space and an old wooden desk. The bathroom was meticulously cleaned and the water pressure and temperature were fantastic.   Hotel staff were very helpful and always willing to help out, whether it was holding a door open or carrying a suitcase up the stairs. Free coffee and tea by the reception
bubble_40	This hotel is lovely and extremely clean.  The rooms are fairly small, as noted before, but the street noise kept us up most of the night. I'd go again, but request a room in the back.  The bed was really comfortable -- too bad we had so little sleep on it! The price was terrific and the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.
bubble_40	It was too cold when it is snowing in February, and too loud from the street. Plus we had a fire alarm going off during our stay. but great hotel. Excellent location close to lots Of subways, restaurants and a in a cute naborhood by chinatown and little italy.
bubble_50	Will stay here every time I come to NY.   Right in between 3 train stations, you can get almost anywhere in manhattan or brooklyn in 10-15 minutes.  Also whether you're into Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Italian, Mexican or even Cuban food this area has it all.   At 230am I needed to make some calls to Australia and get dinner. Conveniently Pedro on the front desk got me connected in seconds, then tee'd me up an amazing delivered local Italian pizza.  Even expensive hotels rarely have service this good.  Small rooms but they're nice.
bubble_40	It's a nice and clean hotel for a good price in central location. It's a little noisy because of the traffic outside. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Free coffee and tea is available at the lobby.
bubble_40	we love this funky, convenient, clean, modernized hotel. We've also learned to avoid rooms beginning with 2--  these are directly above a bar with music on weekends. Staff were very polite and efficient.
bubble_30	We are a family of five just back from our one night at this hotel. It was very clean, comfortable and attractive. They were quite accommodating and took our bags, though couldn't check us in, at around noon. We happened by at 2:30 and again were told no check in until later (check in time is 3pm.) We found this a bit unaccommodating but had to admit that we were early a second time. We did eventually check in and were put in a room on the second floor, streetside. At 10:30, with three exhausted kids, we were more than ready to turn in. However, we realized that we were directly over a nightclub, and the noise and music carried on until 4 am, at which time a giant fight broke out in the street, and we didn't sleep until 5am or so. It is entirely possible that the hotel didn't
bubble_50	This was my 2nd time staying at this hotel, for the rest of my family, it was their first. I was very happy the first time and was hoping for another great experience. I was not disappointed ;)   I did a lot of research before this particular trip and being that we were travelling on the Canadian March Break, everything was expensive. Sohotel however, had very reasonable rates compared to the rest I looked and since I had already stayed here before, it was an easy choice to come back to.  No, the rooms aren't big (NOTHING in NYC is big in terms of size, except maybe the buildings themselves), but our family of 4 stayed in the family room with the 3 beds and it was perfect for us. We weren't there to do cartwheels in the room nor did we spend much time in the room, but the time
bubble_40	this little boutique hotel is really nice however the rooms are TINY but this is i guess all you need in the big city. the rooms are really expensive but if you go through hostelworld or hostels or hostelbookers i think you find cheaper rooms. the wifi is REALLY good and the location is pretty good too :) the service was great and the best were SO SO comfy
bubble_20	My One day stay.   -PROS: The interiors are simply gorgeous. I love exposed brick wall rooms. The Bed was super comfy. CONS: NO Breakfast is served.The rooms are EXTREMELY Small. I mean very little space to move about, which would freak out a claustrophobic.  I rate $87 dollars for the night I stayed there. $103.48 all together. It is not worth staying here for no more than $90 a night. The rooms are way too small.
bubble_40	A lovely BoHo hotel in an excellent location.  Nothing was too much trouble for them and the bell boy was really helpful explaining how to get to various places.  Very, very clean and surprisingly quiet but I think that depends on where your room is within the hotel.  A fantastic Italian restaurant on the same street called Piacere.  Excellent food and a variety of speciality wines. Not to be missed for the warmth and ambiance alone.
bubble_50	I recently stayed in the Sohotel with my Fiance for Valentine's Day weekend, and we had a tremendous experience. The staff was very welcoming and helpful, even pointing us to a few great bars - and incredible Italian food - right down the street. The hotel was clean, quiet, and a truly great New York experience. I would go back in a heartbeat, and plan on staying again in the near future.
bubble_10	We spend 2 nights in this hotel. Second day when we returned to the hotel around 4 pm the room had not been cleaned. When I peer into the hall I see a cleaning lady. I asked if I could make the room. When they finish cleaning I approached the door to give them a tip.   I was unaware that they pick up the trash at the entrance with wet towels. I slip and hurt my left foot. I quickly put ice. When I went to report the incident to the employee Jak told me he would notify a Manager.   The next day, still in pain came back to report the incident and no manager spoke to me to make sure I was okay.   I wrote a letter to management and nothing.   If you get to stay in this hotel be careful no to slip by the negligence of the staff. No one cares especially management.
bubble_20	The location of this hotel is great and the staff seemed very friends. However, when I checked in, I did not receive a map and the room was SO noisy. It sounded like the people in the rooms next door and on the street were in my room. I bought ear plugs but it made little difference. I feel they need to get double pane glass. I personally wouldn't stay here again based on the noise factor alone.   My only other complaint is that the duvet did not have a cover. In my opinion, a sheet does not provide enough hygienic cover for me not to come in contact with something that hundreds of people before me have used.
bubble_40	We spent the day in NYC with a return to 'our' Italian restaurant, first visited years ago, for dinner. Not wanting the day to end, we decided to stay overnight. On the corner of Broome St and Bowery we found this little gem; size isn't everything! Admitedly the room was small, but the bed large and comfortable, with a perfectly adequate bathroom. The staff were very helpful, even searched out a charger for our cell. The room was very quiet, (ground floor, at the end of the corridor, on the left), not a 'Room with a View' maybe, but this was Little Italy, not Tuscany after all! For one night, perfect; longer stays may require a larger room, but certainly good value for money.
bubble_40	Came across this hotel by chance for price, location, proximity to train, its a great deal. Basic clean well appointed hotel rooms depicted in picture are accurate. Helpful and nice staff as well. No room service, no bar, nice patio area, tea and coffee in lobby. Free wifi
bubble_40	Located in soho this hotel has tiny rooms. Bed was very comfortable and sheets crisp. Bathroom was clean and neat and towels were good but shower was painful as the water converged onto a small point and the temperature was almost uncontrollable . Super hot or freezing. Lobby was helpful and they had free tea and coffee. No lifts which was a shock but plenty of bell hops.  Taxis have no idea where this hotel is and Broome Street is one way which can cause great pain. Make sure to tell them the number is 341 and that it is at the start of Broome Street so they need to enter from the start or you will keep looping back. Or just get out and walk back.  China town is very close and also lots of Italian.  Try not to get a room on the street It is very noisy
bubble_30	This hotel is more in Chinatown than SoHo. The rooms are big (huge by NYC standards) and clean. But: (a) there's no elevator. If you carry heavy luggage - think again. (b)  I had a room on Bowery St. it was noisy with traffic all night. Windows provided no isolation. I could barely sleep.
bubble_50	I stood for one night in a two double room and as soon as I arrived the staff were excellent and from the doorman to the desk workers. They helped me get to my room and never disrupted me . The only thing is that the room doesn't have a fridge but thats not a big deal. The flat screen TV and the brick wall in our room was awesome. Pillows were super soft and its right in between Chinatown and little italy so I ate everything!. They have a radio with a dock station , free coffee and tea, free cable and the bathroom is spacious , clean and beautiful. Would stay again once the price lowers again!
bubble_30	We decided to stay here because our normal hotel in Jersey City was booked due to the Super Bowl. The hotel location is close to little Italy and Chinatown so it's convenient, but the noise from outside can be a problem. This isn't the fault of the hotel but it is loud at times.   The room was narrow with 3 beds and there is no refrigerator. This was a big drawback to our stay since we always keep refreshments in the room. The service was great and the staff were very attentive.   There is parking around the corner in a garage, but it had to pay a little extra to park because they said it was full. I believe it since the Chinese Lunar New Year was also going on.   I'd stay here again but it wouldn't be my first choice.
bubble_40	I loved my stay at the SoHotel! Our room was NYC-small, but the space was maximized, the room was comfortable, and the decor was very trendy and cute. I also appreciated that all of the soaps and lotions in the room were high-quality -- it made the place feel a little more luxurious.  The hotel was close to the subway and made getting around NYC very easy. Overall, I would absolutely stay here again!
bubble_50	We found it! Thanks to other travelers on Tripadvisor, we finally found the hotel we were looking for for an inexpensive stay in the heart of NYC. Walking distance to Chinatown, Little Italy, Soho and Lower East Side, the hotel is in a great location. It is very clean, safe, with a very nice staff. If you do not mind a very small room (Hardly big enough to sit in front of your laptop), this is really the place to stay. The room was cute, brick wall, dark furniture, and the bed was very comfortable. We had no problem with noise and there is free wifi. Our shower was small, but our friends stayed in another room with a large shower. There are a few cute bars and restaurants and even an excellent bakery close by. I highly recommend it and we will definitely be back to this hotel
bubble_50	This was our second stay and we stayed for 10nights (4 last time). The hotel has been renovated since our last visit 3 years ago & it's even better. It's not 5 star, rather a more boutique 3 star hotel (not motel). The rooms are small but we survived 10 nights with no problems. Room 419 was our room & it was quiet with a brand new bathroom. Very clean & comfy beds. Why stay here you ask, it's all about location. Your proximity to the best restaurants, bars, & shops as well as 3 different subway lines & easy to get to brooklyn. This is where you want to stay, not Times Square if you want to be close to everything I mentioned. Travel to all the sights during the day. Completely safe to walk on your own too, hubby had some tv time while I shopped. Places we recommend to eat clues
bubble_40	I stayed at the Sohotel just for one night and I chose it because it was next to the office where I had a job interview. Rooms are really cute and nicely furnished, I loved my comfy bed and double pillow. Water and candies to welcome guests. Clean and safe, next to chinatown and cheaper than most hotels in NY  I would recommend it
bubble_20	After reading the glowing reviews I was really looking forward to staying at this hotel. Initially I tried to book the room on a third party site; however, my employer does not allow this type of billing. I called immediately to the hotel and was assured I would get the rate. As his request I called the following day and was assured that I could have the quoted rate. I called back at the request of my travel office, to confirm booking and rate as I am leaving on Friday. I was told by a young woman there was a problem with the booking and I could rebook to get the original rate. I was told to call back to confirm it with her. I called back she was off and the young man told me he would send her an email. I needed to call back today to get an answer. Guess what? No response. When
bubble_30	Stayed here during a crazy winter storm.  The location was good as it is close to the subway and of course Chinatown and Little Italy.  It was a little difficult to find initially, but once we got our bearings we were fine.  It does not look like a traditional hotel from the outside which may confuse people.  We had a large room with 2 queens and a single, which was perfect for our group.  We were celebrating my goddaughter's 16th birthday and it afforded us the opportunity to bring 4 of her friends without having to rent two rooms.  The room was a bit plain and nothing fancy, but it sufficed for our needs.  The bathroom on the other hand was awesome.  Very modern, clean and spacious.    I wanted to surprise my goddaughter by decorating the room with balloons and cupcakes prior
bubble_30	Great location. Friendly helpful staff.   The room was very small so as the bathroom. and looks like it hadnt been upgraded for a while.  I couldnt sleep because of the street noise.    i guess is a good place  for short stay if you are planning of some big nights out in town. Where location is of priorty and forget about sleeping.
bubble_40	We stayed at Sohotel for several days last year for a family vacation. The hotel is clean and cozy. Although the room is a little small and you can hear a little noise sometimes during the night, the location of the hotel is excellent.
bubble_50	I stayed here over Christmas from the 23rd to the 29th of December and had a lovely time. There was four of us in my family sharing two queen sized beds. The rooms were on the small side, but the beds were large and so comfortable. The presence of a celing fan was also great as I often find hotel rooms stifling hot, this was comfortably warm. The Tv was great to watch in the evenings and the bathroom was lovely with gorgeous smelling lavender products provided.   There is complimentary hot chocolate, tea and coffee provided at reception and the decor of the hotel is gorgeous. It is very boutiqe style with lovely chandeliers and zebra print arm chairs.   The staff were always very helpful and our room was cleaned and fresh towels were provided everyday.   We had breakfast in a
bubble_40	This Hotel is in the heart of Little Italy and very close to Lower Manhattan.  The rooms are clean but a little bit small. The room service is very good, and the people are friendly.  The mainly problem was the noise from the road that was too high. Unfortunately, they do not provide breakfast.
bubble_40	I went to the SoHotel for my first time in NYC.   In addition to the price, which is super interesting, the location is great: Just one block away from two subway stations. The staff is very friendly and the room was clean.  It would have been great if the SoHotel had a restaurant, but they serve only (For free) coffee and tea during the day.
bubble_50	This is our 4th or 5th stay at Sohotel and it remains one of our favorites. Each time I look for hotels in NYC for us to stay at I search and search and have at times even made reservations at other properties, but in the end we always come back to Sohotel.  The hotel is so comfortable and in such a great location for us. We love the area and the closeness to Little Italy, Chinatown, and the Village. We like to walk and this is a great neighborhood for it. When we arrive and we see those lights on the building its like returning to see an old friend. The hotel was going through a little renovation while we were there, but it did not pose a problem or inconvenience. Check in was quick and without an elevator our bags were taken up to our room on the fourth floor by the staff. One
bubble_40	Went with a group of girlfriends in September of 2012 and this hotel had a good vibe and was super convenient. The room itself was tight, but very clean and had a bit of a funky NYC flair. I'd go back for sure. Great value.
bubble_40	I just stayed last night at the Sohotel for a girls night in the city for a friend's birthday. The location was perfect, we were in walking distance from the spa, restaurants, and bar we went to. The staff was extremely friendly. We were always greeted when we walked in, helped with luggage, and given directions. The hotel was very chic, we loved the zebra couch and all the fun chairs in the hallways. The room was tight but perfect for the night. My only suggestion is to have another mirror in the room, three girls getting ready in front of one mirror in the bathroom was hectic! Overall we had a great stay, loved the room and location. We would definitely come back again!
bubble_40	I'm a business man with very little time for nonsense. I find that most hotels overcharge for limited space with an overwhelmed staff whom are often far from courteous. I'm happy to say that my stay at sohotel wasn't hindered by anything of this nature. My room was clean and provided adequate space for a travel weary man just looking for 40 winks and several smiles :)
bubble_40	We stayed in the family room that sleeps five, nice size room. The hotel and room were very clean. The beds and pillows extremely comfortable, wanted to take mattress and pillows home. The bathroom was a good size. The staff were very friendly and helpful. It is a very charming hotel, loved the brick walls and unique deco. It is not a fancy hotel but perfect if you plan to spend your time touring the city. We did just that and had very comfortable rest for the night.
bubble_40	The Sohotel was an impressive stay. The boutique finishes really set it apart from the generic hotel chains. The exposed brick, industrial feel and funky Victorian/zebra print furniture in the lobby added to the fun whimsy. Our reservation was changed last minute from a booking.com reservation made a month prior--and we were offered a room with two queens and a double instead (there were three of us travelling as a couple and a friend). This was actually a better deal as we were able to heap all our luggage on to the extra bed. It is New York after all, and hotel room space is at a premium!  There are no phones, bar fridges or coffee makers in the room--but, coffee and tea are available in the morning downstairs in the lobby. The showers were hot and the Bigelow peppermint &
bubble_50	Pleasant, attractive rooms, and very comfortable. The staff were helpful and friendly (there's also great coffee free in the morning) and the location is perfect - close to the subways, Chinatown, Little Italy, the New Museum, and a nice walk to the East Village. Highly recommended!
bubble_40	I stayed in SoHotel back in July of 2009 even though the date application will only let me go back to December of 2012. I believe I paid on average about $125-$135 a night but I could be slightly mistaken. The perks of this hotel- It is located convienently in Lower Manhattan near some classical immigrant neighborhoods and also near the trendy SoHo section of Manhattan, it has a good staff, hardwood floors, well made beds, it is relatively affordable, and it has brick work if people care for that. The not-so-good part it has no parking, it has no elevator, and the rooms are pretty small (probably around 250 SF for a 1 bedroom). It is well kept and thereby well worth it and definitely worth visiting again if going alone or with a loved one and seeing Manhattan.
bubble_40	Friendly staff, great decor and clean but tiny room. You will hear street noise all night, but that didn't bother us. Close to great shopping in Soho and the New Museum. We will stay again. Best deals are in advance.
bubble_50	Small but nice rooms, two queen beds, very clean and comfortable. Great staff, very helpful. Excellent location. Close to little Italy, Chinatown (Cool experience) etc. Train station was 5 mins away. Will stay here again!
bubble_30	No "bites", no closet, no tub, no drawers - just beds and walls pretty much.  no elevator, but the lads will help you up and down with your stuff. It was clean enough and a pretty good price compared to most NYC hotels. (about $200 us for two queens, small bathroom with shower) You're in the Bowery - so lower east side - and you may want to ask for a room NOT facing Bowery as its pretty noisy all the time. The staff keeps you stocked in towels.  You are not close to any stations, but walking in NYC is par for the course for our crew.  Discovering the New Museum and the Bowery Diner, and shopping along Elizabeth, Ludlow areas was good, drinks at the Grey Lady were fun.
bubble_40	rooms were not the smallest I've stayed in in nyc but were small.  2 queen beds with ample space between beds,  but very narrow between bureau and end of bed.   they were adequate and I was pleasantly surprised.  As advertised, no elevator.  Staff was great.  lobby room etc. very clean.  bathroom probably not suited for a 350 lb. person.  Kinda tight but adequate and clean.  I will stay there again if room for 4 doesn't go much over $400 total cost/ nite.  We are country bumkins from rural Pa.  Biggest negative was cost,  but it was competitive.  Hotel decor was old brick walls with clear sealant.  Occassional trim or paint needed attention.  I would call it "nice rustic".  Our itinerary did not include a lot of time in the room.  we basically used it to shower and sleep.  Room
bubble_40	Wow.. what a little gem this hotel is. I have stayed in both Times Square and Soho and I really preferred the area of Soho.  This hotel has allot going for it. It's boutique, great friendly service, clean room, great location. I loved the small touches like the toiletries, nothing annoys me more when I use up all the conditioner on my long hair but the pump packs are a great idea. Friendly staff, nothing was too much troubles. Yes it may not have a pool or phones in the room, but you have to remember you are in NYC, rooms are smaller thats just how it goes. I am normally one for 5 star hotels but this hotel really was wonderful.
bubble_30	I slept there for 4 night and found it ok. Location is not the best (some block from the underground but near spring street which is full of nice shops and restaurant), I chose it kind of last minute and I do not regret it. Fairly clean and silent if you ask for a room in the back (horrible view though but i spent the day outside so it was ok).  Room quite small but here again enough for my purpose.
bubble_40	The hotel was good valueonly $195 for a five person room in August. It was  just 5 minutes from times square. It was in a pleasant area.  There was free wifi. Breakfast was not a optionbut coffee was offered in the morning. The rooms were small but you were in new york city. The bathroom had a hairdryer shampoo conditioner and shower gel which was a nice touch. The room was immaculate.  However it was very hot and we weren't aware of the air conditioning untill the morning. The first views of the hotel were shabby but there was a sign up to apologise as they were refurbishing.
bubble_50	We needed to stay for just one night - a Saturday - and everywhere was extortionate - Sohotel offered welcome value, while heralding a degree of hip style. Unfortunately there was some refurbishment going on so the outside didn't look it's best. The room was on the small side, but very comfortable with air con, a fan and a marble shower room, with great toiletries. The staff were extremely helpful and carried our (heavy) case up two flights. The Randolph bar next door had a vast selection of craft beers - with a hip vibe to go with it. We made the most of what the east village had to offer, as the hotel is within easy walking distance of happening bars, clubs and the famous Katz Deli. The hotel also provides a car service to JFK at a competitive rate.
bubble_50	Front desk and all employees were helpful and very polite. We could walk to Little Italy and Lombardi's Pizza which is a plus in my book!! (Don't ever want to be too far away from Italian food!) Lots of little cute shops and pubs within walking distance. It is near the fire station which I guess makes it safe but you do get some street noise, especially if there is a late night emergency. But other than that, for the great lower price, I would totally stay here again.
bubble_50	Three of us checked into a Regency room and it was more than adequate.  The beds were super comfortable; the room was beyond clean and we loved the decor.  Everyone who worked there had a smile on their face and were always willing to help.  We had no problem with noise and we were facing Broome Street and were on the first floor.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  It was a most pleasant surprise for the price that we paid.   It just was a great experience.
bubble_30	Location is absolute great. Good subway connections. Very vibrandt hood. The hotel is nice and the service really good. Its not a high end luxery hotel but meets the exspected standarts for the price. Standart Rooms are small but cosy and beds are good.
bubble_50	The staff was super friendly - the decor was awesome to look at in and out of the room - very quaint yet very edgy..... awesome place. And great location! We had the room behind the check in desk, which only had 1 room next to it, and it was not noisy at all. The room itself faced the busy streets of downtown manhattan but we hardly ever heard a peep - great experience overall.
bubble_50	Great place to stay in Little Italy.  Room was clean and beds were comfy.  Rained one morning and staff gave us umbrellas to use.  Parking garage around the corner was 29$ for 24 hours.  Nice convenience store right across the street.  Great location, not so busy but right down the street was plenty of shopping and subway block away.  Will definitely go back to this hotel again
bubble_50	This hotel was great. For NYC, it was reasonable priced and it was good quality, clean, friendly and had a great vibe. Most importantly, it was in a great location - in the midst of some really fun bars, fab restaurants and great boutique shops. It's close to several subway lines so really easy to get everywhere in the city, although we tended to walk as you get to see more that way. I would definitely recommend this place to friends. We hardly spent any time here as we were out and about the whole time, but it would have been a pleasant place to stay if we'd wanted to chill out a bit more too.
bubble_50	My friend and myself were looking for a reasonable prices hotel that was in a good location. The service, cleanliness and the room itself was exactly what we were looking for. The staff were very friendly and really helpful.
bubble_40	Nice place to visit south manhattan and lower east side. Nice cafes are next door. Even if there is no elevator, a nice gentleman is there to help. Family bedrooms are small but ok for NYC. Better ask for a room not close to the ception or the stairs.
bubble_40	As other reviewers have noted, this hotel is full of positives and negatives. We all felt the positives were the winner. Location near Chinatown, The Bowery and Little Italy is great. Two Subways stations close by. Interesting mixture of tourist from across the globe. Nicely designed small hotel style The rooms are a bit small, but not surprising for NYC. Bathroom was clean and large. Staff were very very good!  Free and fast internet!!!! Negatives- no phone in room Poor clarity on many TV channels Noisy at times Stairs only to second floor reception a big negative as staff were not available two times we needed help with bags.
bubble_20	Stayed there a few days, have to say was very unimpressed. At first, it looked like a nice little boutique hotel, I was quickly disappointed. The location is probably the best thing, everything else, is appalling. First, there were no elevators to the upper rooms. Second, the noise: the first room I was, the windows let in the outside noise, same as if they were wide open; Asked to be moved to a quieter room  It was quieter all right, but had no windows too! The showers didnt work properly - either boiling hot or freezing cold.   I saw something crawling down the corridor, just outside my room, the maids didnt even react to it, turned out to be a cockroach
bubble_40	I've stayed at The Sohotel three times in the last 12 months. Twice in a 3-bedded Regency Plus room and once in a 2-bedded Regency room.  As others have noted, this hotel is all about the trade-offs:  You get a really low price, comfortable bed, good sized rooms, free wifi, clean en suite bathroom, helpful people at the front desk, lots of availability at short notice and in a great part of Manhattan.  The costs are the hassle of walking up flights of stairs, street noise, not much storage in the rooms, no room service, no spa, no gym, no pool, no restaurant, no bar, no garage.   I've always found it to be a great trade-off and will continue to return for more enjoyable stays
bubble_40	Nice Hotel really clean, great value for price, good service, friendly, trendy and really close to chinatown, little italy and a few blocks from the subway that bring you to everywhere in Manhattan.  I will absolutely recommended this hotel if you like the urban and traditional Soho style of New York...there is downtown Manhattan waiting for you... :) Extra tips: take the new york pass for 2 or 3 days if you will stay just few days in New York, you will get transfer every where in Manhattan by sightseeing and tickets for all the principal attractions like..Empire State, Rockefeller, Madame Tussauds, 9/11 memorial, MOMA, Natural and history museum.  Read more here (www.newyorkpass.com)
bubble_50	no, no views of the sweeping NY skyline BUT awesome bang for your buck and if you want the real feel of NYC this is the place...awesome places to eat on every corner..walking distance to some of the best shops...clean, clean, clean!!!  have the windows open right now enjoying the sounds of the busy street life and the smell of pasta blowing into our room...life is good here!! don't miss this one!
bubble_50	Great spot! Beautiful, clean boutique style rooms. Amazing, knowledgeable & friendly staff . Very close to little Italy, Chinatown & SoHo. I will definitely stay here again. This is the kind of place you feel lucky to find & stay at while traveling!
bubble_40	This was a great option for a group of 5 and they provided.  Two double beds and a single bed was perfect.  I was delighted by the room and bathroom size.  No frills meant going without a mini fridge, microwave, coffee maker, pool or fitness center.  However we had free wi fi (they provide the access code) and you could always pick up a cup of coffee or tea in the foyer.  We didn't hear outside noise from our room, however, our room was above the hot water furnace, so we heard that.  And, as with most hotels, the air conditioning/heating unit was noisy.  I always bring an eye mask and ear plugs for a good night's sleep. The staff was great, every single person we encountered was pleasant, staff and guests alike.  Heck a little respect and a smile, even in the city, goes a long
bubble_40	For the price and the location this place is pretty good. We were a group of 4 friends staying here for one night on a weekender in NYC. There's lots of exploring to do in the area and you'll get to see parts of New York you wouldn't normally if you stayed in Midtown.   There are really no frills to speak of. Don't expect to be blown away by all kinds of wonderful amenities. The rooms are pretty small, but at the same time, not tiny. Don't expect an elevator. Don't expect lavish surroundings and don't expect a hotel that will easily cost twice the price.  We didnt really use our room for much more than sleeping and getting ready. There's not much space but just enough. The bathrooms are actually pretty nice, and bigger than most of us expected. The beds are OK and I had no
bubble_40	(note:  this trip wasn't a couple like most of our reviews, but 4 guys doing a baseball road-trip)  We really enjoyed our time spent at this hotel - from them bailing us out on the Tuesday before we stayed by letting us store our bags for the day, to accommodating our "no guys want to share a bed for 3 days" request and squeezing 4 beds into the one room!  It really was a beautiful hotel (great decor, friendly/helpful staff) that i would recommend to anyone.  We would definitely stay with you again when I come back to New York, bringing my wife this time.  A special thanks to Chandra, who went above and beyond to mail me my sandals that I had left behind - absolutely fantastic customer service - thank you!
bubble_40	Nice, friendly and helpfull staff. Rooms are clean and nice. Free coffee in the lobby. Perfect walking distance for Lower Manhattan and subway very close. We Will stay here again. Would have been nice with breakfast but we quickly found nice breakfast bars In the neigbourghood.
bubble_50	What a great hotel in a great location! Comfortable well-decorated, boutique type of hotel on Broome Street; we said it was on the corner of Chinatown and Little Itlaly since it was so close to both.  Rooms were small, but all hotels rooms in NYC are. Exposed brick, clean, super modern bathrooms and my favorite, a window that opened to a fire escape.  Ameen (sp?) one of the bellman was so kind and accomodating, full of information and is a wonderful person to greet you as you come in!
bubble_40	This hotel was a great find for us. My husband and I had a two week holiday in NY, and spent the first half in the city. We wanted to immerse ourselves a little more into a 'cuter' part of town, and this was perfect.   The hotel while small, and a two-storey walk up, is beautiful and extremely clean.   The best part about it is the price and location. It's very affordable, and in arguably the best area of NYC (Nolita). You will have an easy walk to fabulous shops and amazing food if you stay here!  And if you like basketball, there is a great court nearby, where you can go along and just watch some local pick-up games. Sometimes the local teams play too. Great for some free entertainment!
bubble_40	This was a great place for our family of 5.  We stayed in a room that had 2 queen size beds & a single bed.  There was free wifi, free coffee, rooms were clean & it was near many subways. Very reasonable for our family.
bubble_50	The Sohotel is a Brilliant Beacon in a possibly the worlds coolest suburb. The merge of China Town into Little Italy into Soho has created a cultural melting pot within the space of a few streets. The Sohotel maintains the quality and crisp feel of old Soho whilst nestled in close to the ever increasing chinese hub. With very spacious rooms, and wonderful fit out, this property is the oldest continuous accommodation establishment in NYC. Exposed brick work wall and its beaming lit up exterior give it a genuine feel of the big apple. the staff are incredibly accommodating and Randolph's Beer is right next door for when the thirst grasps you. Highly recommend this property and can't say a negative word.
bubble_40	We love the Sohotel as an economical option and they offer rooms that will accomodate 5.  We've stayed there twice now for our annual "girl" trip.  There aren't many frills and the bathrooms are small but the rooms are clean and we aren't there much as we have too much to see when we are in NYC.
bubble_40	For the price and the location this place is pretty good. I've stayed a few times now meaning, I've gone back. If it were terrible, I would not do so.  This is not a four star hotel. The rooms are pretty small. There are really no frills to speak of. Don't expect to be blown away by all kinds of wonderful amenities. Don't expect an elevator. Don't expect lavish surroundings and don't expect a hotel that will easily cost twice the price.  The rooms are OK but if you're in your room for much more than sleeping and getting ready you're doing something wrong. There's not much space but just enough. The bathrooms are actually pretty nice, at least in the rooms I've stayed in. The beds are OK and I have no complaints about the sleep quality. And it's clean. It can be noisy in the
bubble_30	Staid in the sohotel in april 2013. We had a room for 5 persons. We were in NY for a schooltrip. Rooms was pretty small for 5 persons, thank god it was only for sleeping, because you're in the city all day.  Great location, nod far from broadway to shop, metrostations in the neighbourhood
bubble_50	Great location. We stayed here for the first time in 2011. We's both done the mid town thing in the past, and wanted to be closer to Soho, so when looking up hotels, this one matched our budget and needs.  It's very comfortable, the staff are very friendly, and the location is just great. Beds were really comfortable, and there were so many places to eat and drink nearby. The rooms aren't super fancy, but that's not really what we're into. They were comfortable, suprisingly spacious for NY, and clean. The Lower East side has become our favourite part of the city, and we found it because of the SoHotel.  Highly reccomended, and we'll certainly be staying again.
bubble_40	Myself and 3 of my girlfriends stayed at the Sohotel from May 16-20th in the Regency Plus room (2 queen beds and 1 twin bed). The location of the hotel was fantastic (Little Italy/Chinatown/SoHo), close to great shops and plenty of restaurants! The price of the room was excellent for the location. The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel was in good condition. The rooms were clean and well appointed (although there is no phone, which wasn't a big deal since they let us use the phone at the front desk). The hotel is located on a relatively busy street, so ear plugs for sleeping are recommended (especially if your room is located on the street side of the hotel). The front desk staff failed to give us an important message one evening and the cleaning staff accidentally
bubble_40	we stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of may for my husbands 50th birthday, it was a late booking because we read bad reviews of our original hotel neat time square,it is under construction, we are so glad we changed,we loved being in a quieter location near little italy,the restaraunts are great with a great atmosphere all around the area.the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful,the room was a regency room which was a generous size for 2 people,it was so clean and relaxing after long days of sight seeing. I would definately recommend this hotel.we had a great experience thankyou.
bubble_50	We stayed as a family of five in a spacious room (deluxe suite) which had two queens and a twin for our teenage son who is 6 foot 7.The hotel was close to all the great areas ie Little Italy and Chinatown -a stone's throw from great restaurants. We could roll out of bed and hail a taxi or go to the subway. Three teens could plug in what they needed and move around with ease. Security is excellent. The employees care!! The bathroom was spotless and replenished every day. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly - the rooms were very clean and serviced daily - excellent price and great space.I would stay there again for 10 days as before without blinking an eye. More hotels like these are needed.
bubble_10	No elevator, no telephone, no fridge, no stationary, broken wifi, hot water took 10 minutes to draw. All of the furniture was beat up and broken, looking as though it was picked up on the curb (and, no, not in a cute vintage way). The comforter was pilled, the paint colors were ugly. The maid's cart was parked in the hallway all evening long. The staff were friendly but unsophisticated, construction was underway. For $300 a night, this place was totally unacceptable. The only way this hotel makes sense is if you are a big group of travelers looking to save money by sharing a room with 3 full beds. For everyone else, save yourself the frustration and look elsewhere!
bubble_50	i agree with others who have reviewd this little gem of a hotel,it is time to get real about the size of the rooms and the noise. Yes the room is small and we didnt have a window , just a skylight, but it was spotlessly clean, the beds were comfy, the bathroom neat and towels were white and fluffy. When in New York how much time do you spend in your room? Only the hours you are asleep or getting ready for bed / going out for the day. We had an internal room and it was a very quiet. The staff were very helpful in suggesting local restaurants to eat at. There is an excellent  restaurant closeby, the Azzuria Grotto, that the hotel has a 10%off deal with and it served wonderful breakfasts. Being so close to little Italy and Chinatown makes the food choices endless. Soho was within
bubble_30	This hotel is fine, not amazing not terrible. The room is clean and has nice smelling shampoo and conditioner. Not entirely soundproof and the pillows were lumpy but for Manhattan it is a great price, close to the subway and in a nice enough area.
bubble_40	This hotel is well located in Soho and offers a pleasant atmosphere with a fun decoration. The rooms are a bit small, but in New-York ... you shouldn't stay in your room! Too bad breakfast was not included, but we found some nearby. The personel was helpfull and smily!
bubble_20	The area of Soho in NY is great. Thank goodness we didn't spend much time in the hotel room. No space to move..window faced a wall 1 ft away, furniture old and run-down.... will never go there again..not a good value at all.
bubble_20	The hotel itself is well placed with easy access to Chinatown and Little Italy and close to many subway stations. The issue that I have is that as a group of 4 we booked a 4 bed private room. When we arrived we found this to be 2 double beds and it was explained to us that what we were sold was a room that sleeps 4 people. The room is sold on a per person cost so we were charged the room rate for each person staying. If this was booked for 1 person would it be a quarter of the price? Would they fill the room to capacity with other guests? Would you be expected to share a bed with a complete stranger if they did?   Beyond the deceptive pricing and room description our stay was pleasant enough.
bubble_40	I tend to agree with the consensus of other reviewers of the Sohotel. We stayed three nights in two stints either end of a visit to NYC. Rooms are comfortable, clean and tidy if a bit small (small is not a criticism on a city break). Staff are always very pleasant and helpful. Only real downside is the noise. The Bowery is noisy 24 hours a day, even on a Sunday. I have seen some comments criticising the noise proofing on the windows but I don't think that is a problem as the incessant noise seems to vibrate it's way in through the brickwork. A pleasant, comfortable and well run establishment but unfortunately in the wrong location.
bubble_40	Fantastic place for the price. We stayed 3 nights in early April (Sat-Mon) and paid about $650 total. The room was pretty small with just enough room for a double bed, dresser, 1 bedside table and a mirror (the bathroom was also fairly small, with a toilet, small sink, and walk-in shower stall). However it was just fine for us as we didn't hang out in the room except to sleep. Despite the closeness of the rooms to each other, we never heard any other guests. The room was very clean with non-intrusive maid service. The location is excellent, very close to several subway stations (Grand, Prince). Easy to walk to shopping in Soho and cheap food in Chinatown. You can probably find cheaper places at the same quality level, but if you see this going for less than $200 a night, don't
bubble_30	The hotel was ok i guess however just coming from a 5 star hotel to this was a bit of a bump, there was no bath only a shower, no tea or coffee facilities in the room these were in the lobby and only available till 9pm.  The draws were falling apart so i stored my clothes on the chair in the room.  There is no lift but the door man was extremely helpful with the cases, there is free wifi which works very well.  the staff were very helpful when needing to print out boarding passes.
bubble_50	can not fault anything with this Hotel, the staff where friendly and helpful, nothing was a bother, thank you all for making our stay in New York all the more enjoyable. if i ever go back to New York i will stay in the Sohotel,
bubble_40	It's difficult to find an affordable hotel room big enough for a family of five in Manhattan. The Sohotel delivers! Although there wasn't room for much more than the two doubles and one single bed, the room was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. The free wifi was a bonus. Many great restaurants within an easy walk and several subway lines nearby. SoHo was an area of Manhattan that we hadn't explored on previous trips so it was nice to see a different part of the city. Highly recommend this hotel for families. Caution: there is no elevator so be prepared to walk!
bubble_50	Nice Hotel well located. Many bars and restaurants in this area. Hotel is very clean and we enjoyed our stay there for sightseeing in a group of 5 girls. And the rooms have enough space. Additional toilet and shower available and make it easier for a 5 bed room.
bubble_30	We had to stay at this hotel after finding out that our reservation in another hotel had been cancelled.  This hotel is very well located in SoHo, near Broadway and subway stations.  The staff was friendly, clean bedrooms, comfortable bed and a good shower. There was free wifi available.   They don't serve breakfast, but there's a Starbucks and a bakery on Broadway, about two or three blocks away.  I stayed in a room in the back of the building and could sleep well - heard no noise at night.  Be aware that there are no elevators and no phones in the rooms.  If you're driving, ask about a discount on a parking lot nearby and don't forget to stamp your ticket at the hotel reception desk. Don't forget to mention that you are a Sohotel guest to the valet, otherwise they'll charge
bubble_20	1. Check In took around 45 minutes which is irritating. 2. No Elevators 3. Very small rooms 4. So much noise on the streets from 5AM in the morning 5. No telephones in the rooms  Very bad experience overall...
bubble_30	The hotel is well-positioned, particularly if you like Chinese food. It is slightly hostel-like in the impression it gives - coffee and tea, very welcome, but served in the hallway. My room was small but comfortable and the free wi-fi worked very well. Reasonably priced for NYC.
bubble_40	Sohotel was a great place for a weekend trip to New York!  The room was larger than expected, very clean and comfortable. The staff was extra friendly and helpful. We loved the location. It is close to Little Italy's wonderful restaurants, and within walking distance to a nice bakery and the subway. It is not a swanky hotel but a cozy  place to rest after walking around the city.
bubble_10	I stayed at the SoHotel in New York for two nights only.  The first night noisy  from the street was enormous.  I couldnt not sleep all night.  Around 5 am in  the morning there were kids running up and down the hallway.  The room wall were  unfinished and the quality of both beds in my room were terrible.  I had to be  at work at 8:30am but since I could not sleep all night, I went to the front  desk and expressed my frustration.  He then told me that I was lying.  That I  had one of the best rooms of the Hotel and that the beds were new and  orthopedic.  There was not even a telephone in the rooms.  I went to New York  for a business matter and I didnt have to use my phone all the time if they  have had telephones in the rooms.    After 20 minutes of argument, the second
bubble_40	We stayed at the SoHotel 5 nights in a deluxe room, booked at a reasonable price (but with 20% off thanks to a last minute offer).  The hotel is very nice and clean, people is kind and the area is "not bad". It's not perfectly connected (nearest subway is not good to visit manhattan and you need to change at least 1 time). However the price is good for manhattan and the service they offer, so I feel to suggest it.
bubble_30	The hotel is in a nice location, with some good food in the area. It has 2 subway stops around the corner, and 2 other only a few blocks away. So you will be anywhere you want in Manhattan in no time. The staff is super-friendly and helpful. The rooms are always nice and clean.  Now, for the negative part, as mentioned in other reviews, there is plenty of noise, from all places: from people on the street, from the airco, from the traffic, from loud machines outside, ... But the most annoying noise came from other guests. The walls are very thin, and no one was ever asked to be quiet or considerate. So whenever someone would leave or arrive, at 11pm or 1am or 4am, you would know.
bubble_30	This place is located in a great area with restaurants and pubs. Peole are frirndly and the style ov the rolms is basic but smart. Bathroom and rooms are tiny but evrrything is quite clean. There are serious oroblems with noise ftom other rooms, the antique heating and the outside. You should therefore have earplugs available.
bubble_40	This place is very affordable by NYC standards.  It's cool, artsy, and clean.  I've stayed in many, many ultra luxurious NYC Hotels, and payed out the nose to stay in them.  This place is almost half the price of those places and you're not giving up very much in the way of convenience and comfort.  I've stayed here many times and I've never had a poor experience.  Not only is it affordable, but it's clean, old style chic, and have a pleasant staff.  The doorman, front desk, and housekeeping have always greeted me with a smile, hello, and answered my questions and needs.  In addition, the location is superb.  It's nestled conveniently between the SoHo shopping/restaurant district, Little Italy, and Chinatown.  So if you don't mind catching a cab or subway to travel up north to
bubble_20	The Sohotel is a rarity in NYC, a budget hotel in a good location. It's just off the Bowery, a short walk to Houston and close to Little Italy, Little Korea and Chinatown. But let's not gild the lily. This is mutton dressed as lamb, a veneer of class that hides the fact that this is little more than a two star establishment. It tries so hard to be so much more, but is let down by the little things and very little rooms. There are no lifts, with most rooms on the third floor. The rooms are tiny and a little gritty (much like the Bowery). We were charmed to see free toiletries until we noticed that the toothpaste tube was squeezed and actually used. The internet is ok, but does drop out. And what is with the bellhop asking for unused Met cards? Very questionable. And make sure you
bubble_40	I have spent a week with my gf last february. We had made a reservation on-line far in advance so we ended up spending 1200 USD for 7 nights, tax included, for a deluxe room. Good value for money in a trendy location. We would definitely go back there. Mind: We are in our late thirties and do not care about spending time in the hotel. So we do not care about amenities that much  PROs: - location: very good in NOLITA at the corner between bowery and broome. Plenty of nice venues for breakfast/drink/dinner within 5-10 minutes walk. Subway stops are within 1-2 blocks - comfortable beds and clean rooms, enough space to move in the room, considering this is NYC - service: laidback but professional. They always have been very attentive and cooperative to our requests helping us with
bubble_30	I recently stayed at Sohotel with two of my friends for a 4-night stay in New York. The location of this hotel is great. We spent a lot of time walking around and exploring the neighborhoods in the area. We managed to find delicious places to eat (lunch and dinner) close by. Also great shopping in the area. The hotel itself has nice decor and helpful, friendly staff. The room was tiny, especially for 3, with very little space aside from the beds (I think to accommodate 3 they just put an extra twin into a room that typically has just a queen in it). The windows were very drafty (they gladly gave us an extra blanket on request) and did not block much of the noise from outside (which was A LOT of honking). Luckily, we didn't come to NY expecting quiet or to just sit in the rooms
bubble_40	Stayed here a couple of nights while doing a course in NYC. Most hotels in Soho are overpriced, and this was no exception, but I did manage to get a cheapish rate online. The hotel doesn't look like much from the street but it's really gorgeous inside! Lovely rooms with exposed brick walls, spotless, very cosy and the staff were really friendly. On a great location on Broome St, walking distance to great shops and cafes, babycakes, Chinatown... Such a great neighborhood. If you can nab a good deal on a room, definitely go for it :)
bubble_40	This is the 3rd time I have stayed at the hotel and I have enjoyed every visit and will be staying again. The hotel has good rates and the location is great if you are interested in being within walking distance of the East and West Village, Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy and the LES. If you are interested in being close to tourist sites mid or uptown, plan on taking a bus, cab or subway. The rooms are small but comfortable and the bathrooms are clean. the hotel building is very interesting with exposed brick and wooden beams. The rooms that front the street ARE noisy. Whether it be street noise, bar music or drunks screaming, the windows do not do a good job of sound proofing. Make sure to ask for a room on the back side and away from the bar on the ground floor. Make sure you
bubble_50	I booked this hotel as a part of a month long trip with two friends from Italy and I was nervous because it was their first time in the States. Knowing New York I sort of expected to have to put them up in a hole because they had a small budget and really wanted to be in Manhattan. Sohotel was super helpful over the phone when I asked to change the dates of my reservation and then when we arrived they had upgraded our room just because they could! The photos of the hotel are accurate--it's not shabby at all, the rooms were totally clean and impressively nice for the price. The discounts at the Randolph and Grotta Azzura were nice. There's so much in the area to do/eat/see and there are several subway lines close by that will take you up/downtown and in to Brooklyn no problem.
bubble_40	Booked this hotel in Dec 27-29th for a quick get away from Boston. We are a couple who travel to NYC about 4 times a year the last 6-7 years and have stayed in variety of hotels picking them particularly for price balanced with location.  The jaunts to NYC via bus means we try and pick hotels midtown all the way to Wall Street area and try to research best price to make the most of our usual 2-3 day stay.    This hotel served its purpose - clean, easy to get to even by cab from midtown and back without breaking the bank.  Lots of little interesting restaurants around the area.    Hotel room is small as expected in most NYC hotels and don't be shocked this is smaller than usual more so if you are carrying a 2 regular sized luggage. Bed was good, clean and support was great.  We
bubble_30	this hotel is really nice and modern, comfortable and clean. Was not brilliant value for money considering the room size was small but had all the mod cons you could need. However, its location was in a busy area of Soho, New York and didnt feel particularly safe. Was close to the New Museum though which is a must see!
bubble_40	First of all I have not experienced this incredible noise. This hotel is located in a city with millions of people and whose windows are not super soundproof ... apart from that: I had a nice room on the reception level (first) it was very large, with two double beds and one single. the room was well-kept and very clean. the bathroom old but clean. the only real drawback I found at night: i slept in a fridge.....! There was only one small radiator. the second night, after having pointed out, the hotel gave me an electric heater that has fully resolved the situation. In front of the room there are the vending machines and ice machine ... were a bit 'noisy. There is free wifi in the rooms, in the lobby and in the restaurant (which is not directly part of the hotel) on the ground
bubble_40	I enjoyed my stay. Clean rooms, very friendly and helpful service. Nicely renovated and an excellent location Downtown. But my  room should have been quite small for two persons,  the originally booking
bubble_50	Stayed at the Sohotel last night. This was a present to celebrate my sons 15th birthday, a night in NYC. He was allowed to bring a friend and we booked a Regency Plus room that fit my husband and myself, my son and his friend. Two double beds and a twin. The room was gorgeous! Exposed brick on wall that a new flatscreen TV hung on. Very comfortable mattresses! Gleaming wood floors and a nice marble tiled bathroom. This hotel is so beautiful and nicely decorated with flair! It was $98.10 for the night. For 4 people in NYC this is a bargain. We parked overnight around the block. Have the hotel stamp your ticket and its 32/night instead of 42. We walked to the subway, 1 block away and caught the train to Times Square. There are TONS of restaurants around the hotel...Had lunch at
bubble_40	I stayed at the SoHotel with two friends in November 2012. The location is excellent for girls on a shopping wekeend. We booked a regency plus room with three comfy beds and a small bathroom. The room is ok size for three persons, and housekeeping is excellent! In the reception you get free coffe/tea and WiFi. The location were perfect, close to shopping and all the resturants of little italy. Reception is happy to help you with trips and table reservations. The street outside can be a bit noisy so if you are a light sleeper bring earplugs, closest subway station is approx 3 min walk from the hotel. I recommend this hotel for friends and couples that prefer location and good value in front of big fancy hotel rooms.
bubble_50	I recently booked a last minute trip to NYC and while browsing through a variety of different hotels, I came across the Sohotel and reserved it in no time. As opposed to other hotels, I got a rather cozy feel during my stay due to it's unique modernized style, vintage furnishings and the friendliness of the staff. From check-in to check-out, I can honestly say that the staff goes above and beyond to guarantee you an unforgettable experience. The Sohotel, which is in fact the oldest operating hotel in Manhattan justifies the reasoning behind the "small rooms" which I must say, were fairly comfortable. What I found most convenient is this phenomenal location. With that being said, Little Italy, Chinatown and the main shopping areas in Soho are all of walking distance. There are a
bubble_50	I recently stayed at this hotel.  The staff was friendly and extremely helpful, they went above and beyond with their help and suggestions. The room was beautifully furnished and very comfortable.  Great location, would recommend to all my friends and family.
bubble_10	There is not one good thing I can say about this place. The rooms are tiny, the building is old and therefore noisy. It's as if you sleep with the people next room. The bed was old (leaned on one side). The window didn't close well and I had some air coming in (it was freezing cold) + the noise of the street. The pillows were so old and dirty that I first thought it was my pillow cases that were dirty and asked for new ones. But I soon realized the bad smell and the yellow color were coming from the pillows. The hotel is far from everyhting (but that I could have checked better before going). The rates were incredibly high and not competitive at all, I hesitated to change but feared to lose all my money. And last, the complimentary tea and coffee are ridiculous: only lipton tea
bubble_30	Pleasant hotel in great location however a bit pricey when the taxes are added. Next time if with family I would book an apartment in the same area as our friends did. Staff very efficient and friendly but the room,just a little cramped for a family. Telephone in room would be desirable, maybe bunks in the family rooms instead of double bed. Overall would still recommend highly to couples and singles.
bubble_10	I am not a hotel snob- far from it.  I've stayed in all kinds of hotels across the US and Europe and have never, EVER had such an awful experience.  It seemed fine upon check-in.  Kitschy decor in the lobby but just fine...long wait to check in, but the doorman did carry our bags to the room.  The room was small, but we expected it and again- that was fine with us.  Both the room and the bathroom were clean- great.  But the worst part of the hotel (and the most important part, if you ask me) is that sleeping is impossible unless you're a very heavy sleeper and don't mind a lot of noise.  And I mean a LOT.  There was noise coming from all sides of our room- from down the hall, from below, from above, and from the hallway outside.  Neither of us could sleep a wink- no
bubble_30	I stayed at the Sohotel a couple weeks ago. This was my first time to NYC, so I have to start this review with that caveat. That said, I have stayed in many, many hotels around the world so I have some experience to compare this hotel to. In short, I think for the money, the hotel wasn't that bad of a place. The group of us who stayed there were able to walk around most of Manhattan with relative ease: it took about 30 minutes walking to get to the World Trade Center site, and took about an hour to get up to Times Square. Being right next to little Italy and Chinatown made dining options pretty much endless. The hotel itself is rather "kitschy"...the furniture is nothing short of eclectic and this was also the first hotel I've stayed in that didn't have an elevator (a caveat for
bubble_50	Great area, fantastic value (especially for new York), the staff were outstanding, loved staying at the sohotel, would recommend it to anyone. We stayed for a week and the service was fab, close to cares and bars, great little supermarkets to get cheap bagels and coffeesda, also really close to a a laundry mat, little Italy and china town on your doorstep, a quick 2 minute walk to the subway.
bubble_50	I recently stayed at this hotel and had an amazing time! The staff was so friendly and accommodating! The location is so amazing! It was easy to get to where we needed to go. I didn't even need to rent a car, everything was in walking distances or a quick trip on the subway! I would stay here again and again!
bubble_30	I love New York City, and I understand and appreciate the lifestyle compromises we make to live in our most densely populated urban areas.  So, it came as no surprise that our room at this otherwise nicely (albeit garishly, post-hyper-trendily) rehabbed 4-floor walk-up Bowery hotel was TINY.  And, yes, this hotel's name should more accurately be the Soho-adjacent-el as it is located more on the Soho/Bowery periphery.  But, I was aware of and actually prefer this location.  Just be forewarned that even though it is very close (just a few minutes stroll) from the center of Soho, the hotel itself is more on the fringe. I would like to have given the hotel a better rating because it is clean and safe and convenient, but I can't--not just yet--because there are some flaws that I hope
bubble_30	The first night was bad. Small room for 3 of us ( age 54 to 64 ), noisy all night!!! The room was changed the second day and we started to enjoy the stay here. Bigger room, quiet, free coffee and tea, very nice staff!, very clean, great beds!, nice and reasonable restaurants around, easy to go everywhere. Be ready for the steps, ask for a quiet room and you can have a nice stay here. If not, I would go to the other place ( probably pay more. . . ).
bubble_40	This is my first Tripadvisor review and I felt compelled to write after our experience staying at The Sohotel. Our flight to NYC was booked for Thursday 1 November. As you all know, Hurricane Sandy hit NYC on Monday 29 October. Having booked the flight and hotel independently, and as the power went down in Lower Manhattan, we had no way of contacting the hotel to establish whether they were still open for business. From a Holiday Insurance persepctive, as our flight wasn't cancelled, we had no option but to fly out and take a chance on whether the hotel was open and if not, see what we could find out in NYC.  When we arrived, the power was still on but the Sohotel were still open. We were met at the door and our bags carried up the steps and we were quickly checked in by staff
bubble_30	I stayed here this week since thanks to hurricane Sandy I am still currently homeless. My boyfriend's company has been trying to help us out and gave us a strict budget to work with...and Sohotel was the only hotel in this price range that was available this week.  Considering how much we paid per night, and the great location of the hotel, it was a pretty decent deal. The room was pretty small....the bathroom was somehow even smaller than the bathrooms I've had on cruise ships (which are pretty dang small). And I found a couple of cockroaches. Bugs are a big "hell no" for me, but considering I didn't really have a choice in where to crash for the night I really can't complain. So even though there are some big negatives, the service was pretty great (the receptionist allowed us
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location.  Nice rooms, average size by New York standards. If you get a deal exceptional.  This is way better value than the trendier James around the corner, but a BIG corner.  1 train and A C E trains steps from your door.  Bar is noisy, younger and trendy. Not a standard hotel bar.  Lobby is beautiful, if you appreciate warehouse etc. decor.  Will stay again.
bubble_30	The rooms are clean but very small but considering the price to value and location who's comiaming. The front desk is on the second floor and the folks are very helpful. The heat worked great and the WiFi was of average speed. I'll come here again.
bubble_30	The hotel building is old with no lifts and since it starts from the first floor I would suggest those with knee problems to avoid it. Besides this there is no other draw back. The rooms are small but comfortable and if you have any problems the staff is happy to help n adjust you. The location is very good. Very close to the shopping area  broadway street with good restaurants around it. There's an Indian food joint just steps away from the hotel. The food is very good. The best part is they have free tea n coffee service in the morning in the lobby so it's easy for the early drinkers who don't have to go in search of their first cup not to forget free wifi. They even help to carry your luggage up. I would say you r getting your money's worth or more.
bubble_30	Hotel had good lacation, but very simple service in the hotel. Big minus: no genarator ! So very poor  in crisis: total black out for two days after Sandy. Every Hotel should have generator to giev light and perhaps even hot water?....  Of course not I am  not coming back to this hote ever, but prhaps when time goes by, I forget the black cold nights there after Sandy
bubble_30	We paid for our room upon arrival and then saw our rooms after and were horrified. The room was minuscule. There was no window! Only a tiny skylight and I would estimate the room was about 7/8' x 9/10' (not including the shower room). For 200 a night it was NOT value for money! We went to reception to ask to be moved, but they said there was no alternative for that night. We then asked for a refund, as we would rather have chanced trying to find a room somewhere else. Someone else was also complaining at the same time - they had twin beds with the headboards back to back as that was the only way they would fit in the room! The staff were nice and eventually after asking for the refund, they moved us, but I still don't think the room was value for money and the shower was like
bubble_40	You enter the hotel by walking up a stair. There you have the reception/sitting area where there also is free coffee and tea for (almost) the whole day.The staff is friendly and helpfull with everything. Our room, at the end of the hall to the right, was very small (I think almost all rooms are like that). It had a very small bathroom, but everything was clean. The houskeeping comes every day (!) to make up the bed and give clean towels. Some had wi-fi in their rooms -we had not, but the hotel also says there is wi-fi in the lobby area only. The hotel lies in a few minutes walk from a lot of nice restaurants/ bars and shops and there is a WholefoodShop just 5 minutes away where you can by good food for breakfast etc. Did we get value for the money? Yes, I think so!
bubble_40	Nice, clean, excellent situated, Good beds and toilets. Friendly and helpfull staff. Noise from street, but to expect staying in Manhatten.
bubble_30	Nice room for a family of 3. Excellent and helpful service. Rooms very clean and beds great. Some notice from street but not more than one could expect. Subway stations within walking distance.  Not a five star but value for money.  Jan
bubble_30	Aside from the fact that there was no elevator (meaning a climb of several flights of stairs to my room) and the fact the rooms were extremely cramped, it was a good place to rest my head between days of exploring the bottom half of Manhatten.
bubble_40	Sohotel is clean, stylish, and perfectly comfortable.  The a/c was quite noisy and there was a lot of street noise, but a ceiling fan helped keep the room cool.  There is no elevator, which wasn't a problem for me.  The neighborhood is interesting with a Whole Foods right nearby.  i would stay there again (although possibly not in the summer when it's hot).
bubble_20	Stayed for four nights. Professional staff and clean. Rooms are very small- case rack provided but can't be used unless you set it up between the door and bathroom and then you couldn't enter/ exit. Wifi works about 20% of the time.  Takes a full 5 minutes before hot water comes out of the shower, and water just stopped mid way through a shower yesterday. The bed in our room was a cheap wire wove frame that made noises every time you moved. No elevator and stairs are steep, would be hopeless if you unfit/ disabled/ elderly. The furniture is not 100% e.g chair in room  is chipped.  Wholefoods store a couple of blocks away, good cafe Oro (great pastries), average coffee a few doors down. Well serviced by subways (Bowery or Springs). Bring ear plugs espeecially if you are staying
bubble_40	This is the third time we have choose to stay in the Sohotel. The staff is very polite and gentle, and ready to do for you what ever you need. The rooms are big and comfortable, and very clean.  In spite of that, the WI-FI was working very slowly, or didn't work at all in the rooms. Another thing which be must considered is that the street sounds and noise is strongly heard in the room, a whole day long.  We absolutely will come again.
bubble_40	This is the third time we have choose to stay in the Sohotel. The staff is very polite and gentle, and ready to do for you what ever you need. The rooms are big and comfortable, and very clean.  In spite of that, the wifi was working very slowly, or didn't work at all in the rooms. Another thing wich be must considered is that the street sounds and noise is strongly heard in the room, a whole day long.  We absolutely will come again.
bubble_30	Paying over 300, I was surprised that the TV channels have lots of static and that the wifi connection doesn't work.  The receptionist explained, when we walked down (no elevator or room phones) to discuss this wifi issue, that "it works".  So I pulled out my iPhone and he couldn't get it to connect either.  My wife's iPhone and iPad, same issue.  He said as we headed back upstairs, "it does work", dismissively.
bubble_30	We travelled as a family and found this hotel to be nicely situated with regards to the soho shopping district. Nice walk to the bridges in the morning. Some work in the street gave us a little difficult time sleeping but overall it was OK. Nice funky decor and friendly staff made it quite enjoyable.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights and absolutely loved it.  The decor was trendy and hip.  You have to climb up a long flight of stairs to get to the reception area and main floor, but we found out that a lot of NYC involves climbing.  They did have a porter right there that brought our bags upstairs for us though.  Room was very clean, bed was very comfortable. The location was fabulous - we were able to walk around Soho, Tribeca, the Bowery, Greenwich Village.  Close to the subway as well.  The only disappointment was that they didn't have a computer there, but there was a place down the street where you could access the internet.  They did have wifi though if you brought your own laptop.  We're planning another stay next year, same time.  Awesome spot!
bubble_50	My wife and I at the SoHotel the first time last December. We had planned on staying somehwere else, but cam back to here again. The location can't be beat, if you like being close to the Bowery, Little Italy, Chinatown, the Village and amore funkier part of NYC. You can still take a train, bus, or cab from the SoHotel and be anywhere you want easily. The staff is still very friendly and they will still carry your bags up the stairs to your room for you since no elevator is available. The rooms are small, but very comfortable. It has a great feel! No tub, just a shower. No phone in the room as well as a fridge or microwave or coffee make. No safe in the room too. The tv is mounted on the wall out of the way and glad of it. Our last stay here we had a dresser in the room that was
bubble_40	I am giving the SoHotel 4 out of 5 because it was clean and safe and because the customer service was top-notch. My biggest complaint is the small size of the room. My husband, who was originally supposed to stay with us during our trip, was unable to join us at the last minute. This turned out to be a good thing because he's a large man (6'4" and 215 lbs) and would have been very uncomfortable in the small space.  Pros:  The rooms were clean and there were no signs of bedbugs--past or present!  Good air-conditioning Safe setting Helpful maps at the front desk Very friendly staff Quiet night's sleep Free bottled water in the rooms Nice-smelling shampoo/conditioner/soap Good shower Fresh, clean linens (I've stayed in places where it was obvious the sheets hadn't been washed--ew!)
bubble_40	My husband and I were a little skeptical about this place at first because it was such a great deal but after staying at Sohotel, we were impressed and will definitely come back.   Hotel/Room: We got to the hotel at 11AM and asked for an early check in, they didn't have a room until 2PM (check in is 3PM) however they were kind enough to hold our bags for us. They even have restrooms you could use if you wanted to get ready. They also have free maps so make sure you take one, it was our life saver. There is also free wifi in the lobby. We stayed on the second floor and there were no elevators so we had to carry our own luggage. It wasn't a big deal for us. We stayed in a standard room with a full size bed. The room was small but enough for 2 people. We loved the brick exposure
bubble_50	I wasn't sure from reading the reviews if this was a good place for an older woman travelling solo.  I could not have felt more secure.  Room was small but well designed.  The bad was comfortable and the linens fresh and clean.  Beautiful brick exposed wall, nice hardwoods.  Bathroom was small but efficient.  There was coffee in the lobby, but no other food available in the hotel, but plenty of options within a stone's throw.  Great location.  Will stay there again.
bubble_40	My daughters and I were at the sohotel for some days. We met with Junior, this young man very polite and knowing how to receive people, has been very helpful. We read about him in some comments, and people who have described Junior say true. because he is really friendly and helpful. He knows how to make people feel comfortable. We had a problem in our Room we have called him and he has solved our concern. The Sohotel he's a really nice place, clean, the location is very good, little Italy, Chinatown and there are trains stations near to the hotel, the orange line, green line and brown line. the only problem was: THERE IS NO LIFT.  Restaurant :Junior advised us a restaurant near the hotel called Randolf. He told us this restaurant makes the best berger of new york. He
bubble_40	The hotel provided great value for money. We were a family of five - parents and three adult children (ages in their 20th). We all slept in one room- 2 queen beds and one twin ned, it was a bit crowded, but clean and very comfy & pleasant. The hotel has a great location, in the heart of mat-ters, but relatively pleasant neighborhood area. Right next to the "Little Italy" and a metro station. Those looking for a cheap hotel in a good location, this is a .great option Please take into consideration that there is no elevator in the hotel and the lobby is placed few stairs away from the street...
bubble_40	Stayed with my daughter for four nights, turned out to be a high demand week in new york, with Fashion week and the US Open, so my preferred hotel was $500 a night, and everything was expensive.  We were very happy with Sohotel, there are stairs (54 to our room to be exact) however the staff are very happy to carry your suitcase up and down.  We had one of the larger rooms (judging from the fire escape map on the back of the door), it had a double and a single, perfect for mother and daughter, and the beds were great, nice and firm.  The bathroom was tiny but excellent and well-lit.  The room was well-furnished, and even though our window looked onto a bricked courtyard wall, we didnt feel cooped up.  There is no electric kettle in your room, however there is a tea and coffee
bubble_50	Two friends and I have just got back from 5 nights in New York. We struggled to know here to book accommodation as everyone suggests a different location but in the end settled on Sohotel due to being able to get a decent price.  We were not disappointed!  The location of this place is fantastic.  It's surrounded by little restaurants, bars and shops, two minutes from Broadway, Little Italy and walking distance to Greenwich Village, all well worth a visit.  The area has a local feel as opposed to staying up near time square etc and you really feel part of New York life.  There are subway and bus stops right near by, although to walk to any other areas of Manhatten doesn't take long and is the best way to soak it all up.   The hotel itself was great. When we arrived our bags were
bubble_30	This is a basic hotel but good value for money paid. The service was good and the room small but clean. Coffee and tea facility in reception and water left each day in the room. The location is handy for eating out in Little Italy or Chinatown but easy to get to mid town via subway or bus. The only downside is the flight of stairs up to the reception area - arriving with a heavy case. Then we were 2 flights up again. There is normally a person around to assist for a few dollar tip. Not suitable for a less abled person.
bubble_40	Good hotel location, right near little iltaly and Chinatown. Comfortable beds , clean. Was a good base for our outings. helpful staff. Able to grab coffee in the lobby in the mornings , as there was no coffee/tea making facilities in room. Stairs could be a problem if you have a lot of luggage. construction site across the road was noisy ,but only a bit of an issue early in the morning, as we didn't hang around the hotel during the day, and didnt really sleep in. Overall good value for a family room sleeping up to 5people comfortably. Good value hotel for a group.
bubble_50	I took my three daughters to New York to play and shop.  The staff was incredible.  Please meet Junior at the front door.  He will take of you like family.  The Randolph has good burgers and beer.  I took a previous reviewers advice and we ate at Cup and Saucer Diner...great!  Lombardi's - great!  Little Italy festival - yummy! - Just cannot thank Junior, The Randolph owner, and everyone at Sohotel who all made our trip more than we could have imagined!
bubble_40	We checked in to the Sohotel towards the end of August at the last minute after problems with another hotel. When we arrived to make a reservation, the staff could not have been more helpful offering advice on the area as well as helping us with our reservation.  When we cam t check in, again the process was smooth. It has been mentioned in previous reviews but I think it is worth noting again, THERE IS NO LIFT. This was not a problem for us as I carried my bag and one of the staff carried my partners'. The room, whist small was well equipped and comfortable and finished to a very high standard with a very nice wet room. The room was cleaned well daily and without incident.   The location is great with plenty of restaurants and bars nearby as well as shopping. All in all this
bubble_40	I stayed at Sohotel for 4 nights. Lets start with downsides; 1- Lack of elevator which you would not face any problem handling your luggages however if you have problem with stairs then you're going to have some problem. 2- there was a construction project on the street nearby and can easily hear its sound through the hotels thin window. Now, the good parts; I am a fan of modern hotels and Sohotel is not among those types however Soho neighborhood is a cool place and this hotel really suites this neighborhood, the decoration of the rooms was so cool that I really enjoy it. The staff were really helpful and nice. The location of this hotel is awesome. It is really close to lots of restaurants and close to little italy. I had free wi-fi in my room which was great. I recommend this
bubble_40	Before going to the hotel, I read mixed information about this hotel, and it is true that there are very different kind of rooms: very simple to very nice. Location is very good, niche neighborship, many subway lines near by.
bubble_50	Excellent location to Chinatown. Little Italy and Soho area. The Double room is small but very serviceable and confortable. The staff is ery friendly and helpful.
bubble_20	Sohotel New York is nicely situated near China Town and Little Italy - nice meaning the location, it was quite easy to get to places from there. The building is old and renowated with style. I stayed there for a few days with my family. Our room seemed quite cramped for all the 5 of us, but we also had 5 big suitcases and other luggage as well so that is quite understandable. The air con system is very noisy. The room and other areas of the hotel were clean. We had a window facing the street and to be honest we all had to check if there was any window at all: you could almost hear people talking outside. Once you got used to it or were tired enough not to mind any noise it was ok. What, though, is beyond my understanding is why hotel offers transporting services which cost
bubble_40	Excellent coffee for customers, friendly staff, very good beds and clean rooms! Poor windows because all possible city- and traffic noise from the street hammered your ears. I would use this hotel again though. Sohotel is renovated with style and taste - respecting the history of the building.  I.S. Jmsnkoski, Finland
bubble_50	Recently stayed with family and friends at Sohotel NYC.  Wow!! Great value for money, clean, comfortable beds, friendly as staff and great location.  We would recommend to anyone to stay here.  We had a room that slept 5 and there was plenty of room.  Staying here made our NYC visit even sweeter.
bubble_10	Free wifi only in the lobby, rooms very small, with little or no ventilation. Aircon unit over the bed, too noisy to have on, too hot to have off. Certainly wouldn"t recommend this to anyone. Don't expect to get any sleep here.
bubble_40	My two daughters and I travel to New York  and we stay at the Sohotel.  The location is perfect and it is so clean and fun and quaint.  Now if you are looking for tons of amenities and an elevator, this is not the place for you but if you want some fun, and a good clean place to stay, I would suggest this place.  It is a walkup and small but has so much character and is very, very clean.  The staff is so friendly and they will go out of their way  to help you.  We have stayed twlce and no what to expect and we really, really like it and will stay again.   They will arrange transportaion for you to the airport and  the tip and all is included in the rate.   Complimentary water and cofee downstairs await you.  The place is  really cute.  Book online and you will save.
bubble_40	Stayed at this place a couple of weeks ago. I like the set up in the lobby, kinda hip. The rooms are small, but cozy. The brick walls make it feel more homey. We stayed at a queen room, cool thing about the bathrooms is their private here. Behind a closed door and not somewhat semi-private. Staff was friendly, beds were comfortable. One of the better night's sleep was had at this place.   No fridge in the room which sucks and no closet. But you can't have it all. Clean place and very nice bang for your buck. Would stay here again!
bubble_40	When my husband found out that he would be going to NYC for a career-related function, since our family had never been before, we decided to make the trip to the Big Apple our family summer destination.  The conference he'd be attending would be at the Grand Hyatt (see related review), and while we would need to stay at that hotel for one specific night during our stay, I personally wanted to find less expensive accommodations for the remainder of the week we would be there.  Choosing the hotel--  So my lengthy research began. First let me say that as far as our family's travel style goes, we are middle-of-the-roaders.  In other words, we don't, even on a one-night stop-over, feel comfortable at budget chain motels/hotels.  But even during a lengthy stay, we choose not to stay
bubble_50	I stayed at the Sohotel for three days of a twelve day trip to New York; this hotel was by far the best of all the hotels I stayed when in New York. The room was large and extremely clean, with housekeeping coming every day to make the beds and replenish the complimentary bottled water which I feel was a nice touch considering the heat wave! Air conditioning was fantastic and the bathroom facilities were great. The staff were very polite and helpful; they would go out of their way to help. Overall a fantastic hotel and I would stay here again.
bubble_30	Clean, but rooms were really small. Near to the subway, close to Little Italy and Chinatown. Not too expensive.
bubble_40	Very interesting, if teeny, rooms.  Whoever designed the rooms made good use of the available space.  I also liked the decor.  The lobby was really fun.  Staff were quite nice.  Interesting--no phones in the rooms.  One item bothered me, and that was the step up to the bathroom--I was nursing a broken arm and tripped a couple of times, which was a bit unnerving.  Otherwise, it was a good deal for NYC.  I'd stay there again.  You're so close to Little Italy, Chinatown, Soho, etc.
bubble_30	Located very conveniently next to downtown and broadway. Beds are comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful.  No elevator. No fridge or microwave. No closet. No guest laundry. VERY small rooms.  No roaches though :)  Crazy NY prices. Normally worth 50 bucks.
bubble_50	stayed here from June 29th til 2nd July . The place is really nicely decorated and very clean and has super awsum air conditioning (It was over a 90 outside all weekend)  And there was a quite oldish asian gentleman who works there who was really friendly and helpful. And yes its right in china town and little Italy but myself and my wife felt very safe . Just down the road abit on the opposite side is Al`s Pizza and you HAVE to get a pizza from here is Amazin... Altogether a great little hotel....
bubble_50	we were on a family trit, the hotel is situated in a good place and I think it was most valueble for us
bubble_30	you can stay here for 2 or 3 days to go out at night and return walking. The hotel it is fine, nothing great. PLEASE go for the back rooms, the front ones have a lot of street noise.
bubble_20	The price may be considered good for an expensive city, but that is about it.  The stairs up to the reception are steep and there is no bellman to help.  The bowery locarion is seedy and the rooms are small.  There is no restaurant, but the staff is helpful.  I cannot recommend staying here for any reason.  Rob
bubble_40	Just returned from  NYC and Sohotel for the second time and it does NOT disappoint! Our first visit in May 2011 with a family of 5 was unexpectedly happy with the large room and 3 beds to accomodate all of us. Small room, yes, but how much time do you spend in a room with the city calling you to come out and explore. This last visit at the end of June gave us a very small and very clean room just fine for a couple. The heat wave that the city was experiencing was no problem with the window air conditioner cranking all night for us! We will always stay at the Sohotel as it is off the beaten track and in a cool Manhattan neighborhood. The folks at the front desk are always very helpful and kind.
bubble_50	We stayed in NYC for 8 days. We decided to stay at a smal hotel, and we are very glad we did. Excellent staff, right from the beginning, very serviceminded. When we return to NYC in a couple og years we will stay at Sohotel again, thats for sure.
bubble_40	The hotel it place in a good and nice area next the little Italy, it was very practical. Staff was nice, they even spoke french. The hotel and rooms were clean. The beds were very comfortable. But there was no phone in the rooms and we had to go downstair to use the phone and Internet. Don't have breakfast but there is free coffee and tea in the hall. I loved the decoration. We spent a very good time in this hotel. Next time i'm going in NY, i will book in Sohotel for sure!
bubble_40	I took my daughter to new York for her birthday. We went to Sohotel. At the first sight we didn't want to go in, but we saw the doorman nicely dressed coming to grab our bags and said to us welcome to Sohotel. We hesitated, but because he has been nice we us, we allowed him to take ours luggages. When we entered in the hotel we saw that the inside is completely different from the outside, my daughter really liked the decoration. The staff at the front desk were very nice. We really had good time there, Junior was so funny, always making jokes and ready to help us at the same time Bibiana helped us to get into the city. It's not a 5 stars hotel, but the place is comfortable, as I  always say "The small can give you great time".
bubble_50	We stayed in NYC for my sister's bachelorette weekend. Upon reviewing many hotels and prices, we decided to go with Sohotel. I'm glad we did! Prices were reasonable for NYC. The staff was very accomodating. I had actually emailed the staff weeks prior to our trip and asked for rooms next to eachother (here were 8 of us girls) and they staff honored our request! Safe area of Little Italy/ China town. Rooms were very clean. Perfect little boutique hotel. Will definitely stay there again next time I'm in the city!
bubble_40	It is in a great location in downtown, Soho.  5 mins walk to Broadway, with gorgeous restaurants right on your doorstep!  If you hate big corporate hotels and want something a bit more personal then this place is fantastic.  Great value, one of the cheaper places in NYC with great service.  No restaurant, but you don't need one.  My only complaint would be that if you have a ground floor room at the front of the hotel the music from the bar can be a bit loud on an evening.
bubble_40	I recently visited the LES and was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the SoHotel and was greeted by friendly staff, hot tea and coffee, gorgeous decor and a clean room. The room is a bit small but clearly having a clean room over a large spacious dirty one is a plus.  There is a variety of food to choose from any time of the day but try not to eat too much because there are no elevators a this hotel.  Overall, I would however give SoHotel a resounding and strong A+.  My expectations were met and exceeded.  It really is SoHappening at SoHotel :)
bubble_50	The location of this place doesn't look too great, but I assure you, it's lovely ! We ended up booking this place whilst in New York as our original accomodation was atrocious, so to be honest we were expecting it to be a total dive, booking a hotel 2 days before New Years day was almost impossible as practically everywhere was fully booked. We arrived to this quirky little place and fell in love straight away !   There aren't any elevators so be prepared if you're carrying a lot of luggage, but the staff are really friendly and happy to help you along the way. The rooms are very small, but the interior is absolutely gorgeous, the beds are insanely comfortable.   There is a Wholefoods 10 minutes walk down the road, and there are a lot of lovely places to eat in the surrounding
bubble_30	We were lucky enough to have our room upgraded and were very happy with it. However our friends had a tiny room on the third with no proper window and could barely move round. There are no lifts to any of the floors so beware if you have any luggage. The staff was rather indifferent. Not a very attractive area of New York and not much to do in the immediate vicinity.
bubble_30	The staff was great and the rooms were clean but the hotel room was a lot smaller than we expected.  To walk from one end of the room to the other we had to slide sideways as there wasn't even enough room to walk normally.  The bathroom was the same...very tiny.  It was difficullt to even dry my hair in there without my elbows hitting the walls.  Shower was the same plus the water temperature had a mind of it's own -- hot to cold randomly.  Also, perhaps because our room faced the street we heard EVERY car, every horn, every loud person...ALL NIGHT LONG.  It's NYC though so for the price what can you say?
bubble_30	We had a good stay in NYC. The Sohotel was good. The rooms are a bit small but clean. Our room was quite noisy (a lot of traffic and bars near the hotel).  For young people a very good hotel. For ealderlies find an other!
bubble_50	This was a great place, enjoyed the whole trip.  Loved that is was in between Chinatown and Little Itlay.  So much to see and do.
bubble_50	This was a great place to stay.   Convenient to several subway stations.   We found it very easy to get wherever we were going.   Right in the heart of Chinatown and blocks from Little Italy.   We are a family of 6 and found the accommodations very comfortable.   The staff was very friendly and helpful.   A great boutique hotel that we would definitely stay in again.
bubble_10	Sadly, this place was horrible. I expected a much better experience. I've stayed at roadside motels that at least had hot water. This hotel looked great but for ~$300/night, I should at least be able to take a shower and sleep in a bed that isn't broken. I was told after complaining that someday I SHOULD receive a gift card via email. Hopefully, they address the issues with their establishment but I highly doubt that they'll ever see me again.
bubble_50	It is the second time we choose the Sohotel hotel for our holidays in New York and we are always very happy! First about the staff! All of them are very welcoming and helpful. Junior was very nice, he was always available to give us adices about our visits or very helpful when we needed something. Then, the rooms are very clean ans spacious. The price is not too bad when you know the price of a room in any hotel in New york! The hotel is next to little italy so next to very good restaurants and if you are tired to walk you have the subway next to the hotel. So this hotel is a very good one!
bubble_30	I stay in hotels in SoHo quite a bit, perhaps about 50+ days per year, or more, I normally stay at the Holiday Inn Soho, but, on my many walks around SoHo, I have passed the SoHotel many times, a and have often thought to myself that it might be fun to stay there for at least one night, because of the hotel's age, history and the fact that it seemed to be quaint, cute and trendy.   Well, I finally got my chance in May of 2012 to stay at the SoHotel! I had made a lengthy reservation at my regular hotel in SoHo for mid-May onward, but suddenly, at the last minute, just one day in advance, I discovered that I needed to come to Manhattan one day sooner, and, when I checked the web reservation page for my regular hotel, I discovered that they were totally booked for that nite (not
bubble_50	The hotel is located in between soho and little italy so you get the vibes of both areas! Good service.
bubble_50	What to say??? That was my 5th time in NYC and in the previous time I had the luck of stay on fantastic 5 stars and the misfortune to experience some of the worst Hotels ever.  And I would like to add that I worked in 5 stars hotel so I know about quality of service and attention to details. I was pleasantly surprise of how genuinely friendly and professional the staffs were at the SOHOTEL... something you dont always find in higher rate establishment!! At reservation stage when I contact them just to confirm the booking I had a quick and professional answer to my queries which I remember I was really impressed with. Everyone from the patience gentleman that checks us in to the lady who organized our taxi for departure was helpful and professional. (Im sorry I didnt take
bubble_30	In May, I stopped by the city for a day to visit a friend on the way home from Long Island. Sohotel fit the bill for one night. There's no elevator, but the staff is happy to take your bags up and down the stairs, and they'll keep them in their storage room if you arrive before check-in time.   Though small, the room was clean, modern, and without bed bugs. It did not, however, come with a phone or an ironing board. The private bathroom, despite being teeny-tiny, was a plus--they're not common at comparably-priced hotels. Though the hotel appeared full on the holiday weekend that I was there, the hallways were quiet, and I got a good night's sleep. The wi-fi connection and cell phone reception in my room were extremely spotty.  Right around the corner from Little Italy,
bubble_30	i stayed in this hotel with my friend and firstly you can barely walk around the bed! its obvious the room is for a one person stay getting out the only side you have the option to, the chest of draws leave 5inches for you to walk past. which you can only do side ways. there is no where to unpack shirts t-shirst or coates, maybe 5 hangers is the best you get! the rooms are really tiny! the shower is ok but aint the best! there is no lift!!! ya have to carry your stuff up to reception. then further again if your unlucky enough to be given a room at the top floor, on the upside: once your there your there and dont have to worry carrying it down for the next few days of your stay (im sure there help if you ask) its cheap enough compared to other places and the location is really
bubble_40	A cute boutique hotel that's located downtown near lots of shops and restaurants. Only downside is there is no lift. Hard for feeble guests and those with large heavy luggage. however there's a helpful doorman around most of the time to help.
bubble_30	The Sohotel staff was wonderful.  They went out of their way to make sure each guest was accommodated and gave wonderful advice about the neighborhood. Our group primarily chose this hotel because of the price. The hotel offers a lot of amenities for the price. The linens were great and the bathroom was up-to-date and very nice. The bed was also very comfortable. There was free wi-fi and each room had an air conditioner (and my room had ceiling fan as well). The downside was the size of the room and the street noise. I wore earplugs at night for the noise and the size of the room really didn't matter because I was out touring most of the day and only came back to the hotel to sleep. The location was just okay. It is located in NOLITA and there are several subway lines within a
bubble_40	The Sohotel was just a really nice place to stay in the week we where in New York. The staff was great help and always friendly. There is coffe in the morning and in the evening and we enjoy that a lot, before we where going out and about. I will stay there again when i am coming back in a year time..
bubble_40	The location of this hotel really could't be better, just metres from Little Italy and Chinatown and a short to shopping areas.  The rooms were clean and well appointed but our room was noisy both day and night.  We faced Broome Street and sleep was difficult at night.  Double glazing of windows would probably alleviate this. Our room was small but adequate. The staff were helpful and polite and offered advice as to places to see.. It was good value for money when compared to other places near by.  I would stay there again, but would probably ask for a room away from the main road.
bubble_30	Inconvenient access to rest of Manhattan. You will spend a lot of time on the Metro and make transfers to get anywhere uptown. Nearest good restaurant is three blocks away. Smallest room I've ever had outside Japan. Staff was quite nice and helpful as they could be, especially Junior, but others were too..
bubble_40	Very good location and good value for price.,an ideal place for  a  short visit in the city .Unfortunately the rooms  are very small and the mine was  also  sometimes bad smally.  On the other  had the staff is helpful and polite!
bubble_40	very small room great location friendly stuff lots of bars and restaurants nearby very slow wi-fi subway stations within a ten minutes walk
bubble_40	Great hotel in little Italy . We were a group of five and were accommodated in one room. It wasn't huge. But met our needs.  Reception were very helpful with every thing. The only complaint I would have is that there was no lift avail and two of our party had bad legs so it was a mission to go up and down as there were loads of stairs. As for outside noise.... Well its New York and adds to atmosphere:)
bubble_40	I stayed here for 5 nights and really enjoyed it. The room has a great vibe, as did the location. It did get a little noisy over the weekend (there is two bars next door which operate pretty late) but was still able to get rest in the very comfortable bed! Bathrooms where really clean too and well serviced. Would have loved a kettle in my room for tea or coffee making in stead of in the lobby.  Staff where really friendly and helpful too.
bubble_40	My friends and i spent a few nights  at the Sohotel. The place is great, everbody was nice and helpful, one of them that I remember the name is Junior, very nice helpful, and very funny we really loved him. The room was nice,  free coffee, but not stairs.  We will go back there.
bubble_50	Very nice hotel , good location in China town, room noisy due to traffice outside, but no other complaints, staff very helpful
bubble_40	Really loved staying here. Location is fantastic once you get your bearings of where you are, you can explore all that this area has to offer. Great restaurants, bars & shopping. You will feel like you are in the real New York & not just in the glitzy hotels that are in every city in the world. Couple of things you should be aware of there is no phone in room & no fridge. Not a problem but we were not aware of this & had to go & purchase a prepaid phone. Apart from this the room was really good, we did have the biggest available & I would recommend getting a larger room if possible because even these are not huge. Beds were excellent as was the bathroom. Overall I would highly recommend the Sohotel if you are into food & fashion you are in the right location.
bubble_40	we loved it.... and would most definately stay there again.  tThe location is great within working distance to, SOHO, NOHO , meat packing, finance district ,  lower east side, east  village and Williamsburg... Would reccomend to rent bikes and explore the city - it was great...
bubble_50	I can definately recommend this cosy hotel in SoHo! I was in NYC in January and stayed at the hotel. The staff is extremely kind and helpful, the rooms are cosy and always kept clean. The vending machines at the hotel are a great addition for those late night snacks ;) Close to great shopping areas and the subway! Definately a hotel I would stay at again!
bubble_40	The Sohotel is really a nice hotel in one of the best areas in Manhattan. The room was quiet and clean and the bed excellent. Did I miss a restaurant in the hotel? No, Soho is such a nice area in Manhatten, with lots of little bars, cafes and restaurants in the surrounding of the hotel.
bubble_10	TERRIBLE!!!! PLEASE READ!!!!!    Upon arrival, I was not informed there would not be an elevator to the hotel as it is on the second floor of the building, I had to carry 2 large suitcases as well as 3 duffle bags up the 2 flights of stairs.  Once I finally approached the counter to check in, the front desk clerk told me my room was ready and available.  I carried my luggage to the room.  As I entered it looked as if someone just put the bedspread on the bed without cleaning the room.  I picked up the bedspread to find hair, dirt and stains on the unclean sheets.  I immediately got my luggage and went back to the front desk.  I explained the problem I had with the dirty room and told them I wanted to leave, I could not stay at that hotel.  She then told me that the room was
bubble_50	Recently I decided to have my floors redone, so I needed a place to stay. Since I work in Soho, the Sohotel seemed like a perfect choice, and I was not disappointed. My room was great! It was immaculate, the bed was incredibly comfortable, and the shower was so relaxing. This hotel made me feel as though I was on vacation.   So to summarize:   -Great Room  -Amazing Staff  -Free Coffee and Water(in room)  -Spectacular Location   2 very enthusiastic thumbs up!!
bubble_30	The Sohotel is nice and clean. The rooms are clean and really small, we could just go around the bed, thats all. The personal were ok friendly. The location was central, that was convenient, for us getting around.
bubble_40	Sohotel is a good hotel in New York value price-quality. The hotel is very clean and the sleep quality is very good. The location is in Little Italy, just between the centre and the south of Manhatten.The free coffee in the hotel every morning is excellent.
bubble_30	The hotel has a central location if you are in New York as tourist. Nice restaurants in the neighbourhood. But there is no elevator in the hotel.
bubble_30	the room was small but clean. a little bit noise because of the air conditioning system  in the courtyard. we had a good time
bubble_30	We enjoyed our stay. we were pleased with the staff, they helped us most days with different things. The internett-system was not good, though, but we managed. The room was average, but the beds were a bit better than average. We chose Sohotel because of the location and price.
bubble_40	Is located in a nice neighborhood such as Little Italy (where you can find very nice restaurants thru Mulberry St.) and so close to China Town and Soho. You have 3 different subway stations to get there. The closest is 1 block away and the less closer is 5 blocks away and you get there after taking a walk thru some beatiful streets. You'll find a pretty and nice hotel, warm staff, confortable rooms and free wifi. What else do you need?
bubble_50	Very nice staff, clean, nice place, I would go there absolutely if I am in NY again! I really think the price-quality is very good.
bubble_40	Nice hotel in a nice location, between Soho, Little Italy and China Town. Close to the subway and many shops... The hotel is clean, the personel is nice and friendly. I think it is good value for a city like NY. We stayed in a room for 5 (1 single bed + 2 double beds). The room wasn't very big but it was enough for us, the bedding was good and the bathroom was great. There was Internet for free in the lobby. I would recommend it because it's not too expensive and it was clean. The only problem was the noise in the evening, there must a pub in the area playing some music. It was also a bit noisy in the morning starting 8 am but I guess it depends on who is staying at the hotel at this time...
bubble_50	I can't begin to describe how pleased I am with my stay at SoHotel. I'm a college student at the University of Texas at Austin, and I came here with an organization to visit agencies for one week. I check into SoHotel Sunday, and am checking out tomorrow morning.  Like I said, I'm a college student, so I was on a budget. The coordinators of this trip originally planned for us to stay in a cheap hotel in Times Square. After some complications, they chose this hotel based on price and reviews.  I'll have to say that that was the BEST choice ever! This location is PRIME for anyone who wants to have an amazing trip while in the Big Apple, for countless reasons:  1. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION: Located on Broome and Bowery, right between Chinatown and Little Italy- I promise you that
bubble_50	We stayed in January at this Hotel..  Had a wonderful stay!  We loved it! the room was so clean,staff was very helpful. Cleaning staff  really did go above and beyond.. rooms were small but actually quite comfortable.  The coffee/tea station was clean. Staff could not do enough for us! recommended restaurants/found us cabs..gave us Umbrellas when it rained! Delightful..  Staff were friendly from the time we walked in until we left.. definitely would stay again...great location for shopping/eating...  Deco was unique and fun..  We loved everything about it..
bubble_40	The location was great - walking distance to many wonderful places to dine and shop.  Although small, it is very nicely furnished, the beds are very comfortable, bathrooms clean.  The staff was nice and discreet.  Coffee/tea station at the reception was nice.  Only advice: no elevators so don't plan to bring lots of heavy bags!  Bottom line, I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_40	I stayed at Sohotel Feb 25-March 3 2012 with three friends. We shared a room with two beds and it worked out fine. Very nice room, felt new, clean, looks just like the pictures on booking.com. Nice, clean bathroom. Easy adjustable heating. They cleaned the room every day, changed towels and (I think) also bed linen. There was no fridge in the room which was a minus, but the hotel has an ice machine and also a vending machine. Great location. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone!
bubble_40	a little small rooms because of the commode at the feet of the bed, a little noisy also, but only me complain about it, i put ear plugs, anyway after shopping in manhattan you only want your bed  otherwise very satisfy, comfortable room, price is ok, service...ok...close to a lot of service, i had a good trip!
bubble_40	I spent four nights here with a friend.  It was a good location on the edge of Little Italy and China town so plenty of places to go for dining.  Quite an easy place to pick up taxis from as well.  The decor of the hotel was very unique and it was good not to be in a great big high rise so there was no need for elevators.  The room was a good size and clean and it was quiet too.
bubble_50	My friend and I travelled to NYC in February 2012. It was my first time in NYC and his second.  We both wanted some time in NYC, and decided to book a hotel for 9 nights. That hotel was the Sohotel.   It was recommended to me by a fellow New Yorker, and it did not disappoint .  The staff were fantastic, and your trip will not be complete without meeting Singh or Junior, amongst others.   The location is phenomenal. You are situated in Little Italy/Chinatown. Take a walk and some of the scenery is straight  out a movie. Walk a few blocks to Mulberry where you will find a bar of the same name. The Sopranos and many other movies have been shot here.  Our room was clean, big enough for our needs (sleeping and washing) and had cable TV and an iPod docking station so you could play
bubble_30	the staff were really nice & the FAMILY room was clean & roomy, comfy beds, bathroom good. major problem, noise outside, double glazing would be good idea but if the window shut it would make huge difference. Noisy radiator hourly let off air, reachin crescendo-quite scarey in middle of night! next to a fire station, sirens every hour of the night, sleep impossible! Tea/coffee provided but not in room, in entrance. Earlier comment "hear fly fart" not exaggeration, we thought we were on work experience with ny fire dept!
bubble_40	The room was a bit too small as my partner is 6ft 7 and not much space to move around. However it was well decorated and comfortable.  Also hot water took ages to come through the shower.  Apart from that, the staff were wonderful and although there is no food served, there are lots of restaurants and bars nearby and you can also order takeaways.  I would stay in this hotel again.
bubble_50	My wife and I have traveled to Manhattan many times over the last 15 years and have stayed in a number of places.  However, I have to admit, that the Sohotel is super, super, super!  First.  All the personnel from check-in to check-out are SUPER.  They are friendly, helpful and efficient.   Second.  The room looked to be newly remodeled and actually one of the bigger rooms I have experienced in New York with a flat screen TV.  Not only that, It was SUPER clean !   Everything and everywhere.  Even the bathroom could have passed a Navy Captains inspection!  Third. The price was more than reasonable, and considering the friendly staff,  spotless room, and great downtown location, it was SUPER !    We won't wait for the next Giants Superbowl parade to stay there again !
bubble_20	A conveniently located hotel, just blocks from Canal Street, the "Village", Little Italy, and Chinatown -- this property has too many weaknesses to be considered a place to stay.  While the staff are helpful and courteous, the rooms are noisy, small, and overall disappointing. For a few additional dollars there are better choices for the NYC traveller.
bubble_50	Me and my boyfriend have recently just come back from this Hotel , it was my 5th occasion in Manhattan and his 1st.  The hotel is great value for money in an ideal location rooms are small but it is manhattan what do you expect . Staff were absolutley brilliant especially Labi on the front desk and Singh and Willy hotel porters could not do enough to help us. Also the cleaners who cleaned are room everday to a very high standard.  I have never written a review on tripadvisor before , but felt the Sohotel deserveed one for the extra mile the staff went too for us on our trip . Would recomend this hotel to anyone staying in Manhattan great location and amazing value.  Jenny and Rhodri
bubble_50	We had a great time at the Sohotel. Check out their website to get a sense about the interior because the pictures are very representative of what this hotel is all about. Free coffee and tea each morning in the lobby is a nice amenity. And no one seemed to mind me coming down in my PJs to pick up a cup. Our room had two full size very comfortable beds with down comforters, and an updated bathroom with new fixtures and boutique amenities. We had a large flat screen TV with all the cable channels you could ask for. The rooms are the typical NYC size rooms, but for the price, they are a great value. The front desk staff is very accomodating, and the bellmen carry your bags up the stairs. By the way - there is not an elevator available to the guests, so the bellmen are necessary.
bubble_50	Had a great time staying at this little hotel. The rooms are cosy but clean. Very convenient location close to underground. Good value compared to other hotels in NYC
bubble_30	I traveled to NYC just for a few days to explore parts of the city that I've never seen before. For the money, this is a GREAT hotel. Can't complain too much for $100/night ... in New York. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bellhop was eager to help with luggage, etc. Very friendly. I stayed in the single queen room. VERY small but sufficient for my needs. Shower was so tiny that I could hardly move around. My biggest complaint was the heat. I understand that it is winter in New York but I literally could not sleep because of the sweltering heat in my room. I tried to turn the AC on but it didn't work. I don't know if they cut it off in the winter. But I was extremely uncomfortable. The ceiling fan helped a bit but it didn't help nearly enough. (I wasn't the only
bubble_40	We travelled to New York as a group of 4 Girls and decided on the Sohotel because of the price that we got on booking.com- which was very reasonable for a New York Hotel. We booked a room with 2 double beds which was a little cramped but we worked around this and to be fair the room was quite a reasonable size as some NYC hotel rooms can be tiny!!  We arrived quite early at 9am and the staff were SOOOO nice and let us check in Early...as we had just flown in early from Las Vegas, I can not tell you just how grateful we were to be allowed to get into the room so early! So a big thanks to the lovely Receptionists!  The location of this hotel is just AMAZING it is a 5 minute walk to the nearest Metro Station and is right beside Mulberry Street (little Italy) Which is full of
bubble_20	Besides the fact that you almost couldn't move in the rooms because of the size, the windows & doors were so thin that you could hear a fly fart outside... Also, no elevator in the hotel, no minibar & phone in the room. Additionally to that, the warm water in the shower was just about enough for one person - without washing your hair...   The location is really great though. Close to Broadway, Broome St, Subway, great shops & bars. So that was really nice.  All in all, I would pay such money again for such a mini-hotel. Rather spend a couple of bucks more, but have a nice room!
bubble_30	Friendly staff. Very nice area, close to everything, but also very noisy. The hotel is close to streets with a lot of traffic, and it has to be close to a Fire station. The traffic combined with very thin windows made the sleep quit bad.
bubble_30	I was traveling to New York with a friend for a shopping trip in November 2011 and we booked the Sohotel based on the good trip advisor reviews and its very competitive pricing. When we arrived however, we were disappointed with what we found. When we arrived, our hotel room was very basic and small - there was barely any room for us to walk around the bed. After a long flight, we were both looking forward to a shower but the shower was cold and the pressure was slight to say the least. We complained and reception promptly sent maintenance staff to remedy the problem. However, the pressure was unable to be fixed and so we changed rooms. The second room we were sent to was much bigger - about twice the size - and the shower was adequate. So all in all, good customer service that
bubble_40	This is a great hotel in a great location. The rooms are compact but nicely designed, and very well heated in the freezing cold snowy winter of NYC. Also very clean and very comfortable.  Our room was just off the Reception, which meant it was a bit noisy in the morning with check-outs.   The staff was very helpful, and very friendly. We would stay there again without hesitation.
bubble_50	I've been told i'm usually a pain to book hotels for. However, upon returning from NYC for several meetings, I had nothing but positive experiences.  The Sohotel's great location, affordable pricing, and cleanliness amplified by their polite service made for one of the best trips I've made to the city in a while. Most importantly, it was quiet, and there were no raucous dance parties taking place in the lobby, like several other "trendy" new york hotels. If you're looking for efficiency at a reasonable price, this is a fantastic diamond in the rough.
bubble_20	I would like to state first that small rooms are not bothersome, as we are accustomed to boutique hotels. Room size is not this hotel's problem... At all.  It is, however, everything else.  The website advertises "cheap" as a hallmark, to which I will personally attest-- an undoubtedly and unfortunate Freudian slip, dooming our stay from the get-go.  Though the hotel is located along the lighting supply retail hub of SoHo, the owners/designer have missed the mark in lighting design in the lobby. I have read reviews describing it as bordello-esque. I see it as kitschy Village-wannabe New Jersey trash: too many themes to even be considered designer chic or eclectic.  Note to the management: cute chairs, cute lighting, awful paint palette, ALWAYS REMOVE THE PLASTIC FROM YOUR
bubble_10	This hotel is overpriced for what you get. There are no elevators.   The rooms are small. In some rooms there is hardly any room to walk or put your suitcase.   The rooms are sparsely decorated and crowded.   There are no phones in the rooms. If you want to call the desk you have to use your cell phone.   The Internet is slow and undeniable.   There is only one plug in every room to plug in any equipment or appliances.   The hair dryers in the room are slow and hardly put out any air.   We had to change rooms twice. One room the fan didn't work and the next one the toilet stopped up. I asked for a disount and did not get one.   I will never stay there again.
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed at Sohotel for 3 nights in early December 2011.  Location is on the corner of Broome at Bowery.  No elevators, but the bellman promptly brought up our luggage to our our room on the 4th floor.  Although I forgot what a workout walking up the stairs can be!  A nice small lobby with funky decorations. Our room was a typical shoebox, but that's NY for you and I loved it.  Mainly fit our queen size bed.  We enjoyed the flat screen tv. Room was clean all around, nicely decorated, and good maid service.  Bed was comfortable.  Bathroom was small but adequate and good lighting, but the shower was tiny and water pressure not the best.  Our room was facing Broome St. and apparently its a bit of a thoroughfare -- we heard traffic noises throughout the night.  We
bubble_50	We booked a Queen room with private bath for 12.09-12.11.11. We do a pretty extensive search for hotel's before we book and look for the smaller more boutique and interesting propertie's. We originally had book a suite at a hotel on Madison Ave for what would have been twice what it cost to stay here. The SoHotel is on the lower east side blocks from Little Italy, Chinatown, The Bowery, and Bleecker St. This is a very cool area and has so much charm and great little restaurants and shops. You could easily stay here and never leave the area.The Hotel has about 4 floors and is decorated very nicely. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I felt a little bad for the guy luggin our suitcases up the 4 floors to our room, but he is use to it. The room is small but nice and clean.
bubble_40	When traveling to NYC, what do you really need from a hotel?  All I ask is that it be clean, safe, modern, convenient, and quiet (which is relative in the "city that never sleeps").  The Sohotel ticked all the boxes and was a great price as well, which is always a positive in my book.  The location is great, with convenient subway access to get to all other parts of town.  My only wish would have been for better plumbing for the shower.  Other than that...a good choice!
bubble_50	This hotel is located in a great part of town! Right by Soho, Little Italy and Nolita which are all very trendy. Great places to eat out at near by. The hotel is very cool and the rooms were great! Clean, comfortable beds and quiet.
bubble_30	This hotel is in a fantastic location just a couple of streets away from Prince Street and Spring Street which are full of cool shops, bars and restaurants.  That is really the best thing going for it - as well as the fact that the price is really good for a NYC hotel.  Those things are probably enough to perhaps go for this hotel but it wouldn't seem right to give it 4 or 5 stars.  The rooms are small.  We got an upgrade from a standard double and it was still a really small room - that, however, is relatively typical of hotels in NY unless you are going very high end.  Our room was also very dark with a window tucked away in the corner and looking out onto what was really a wall.  It was quiet and we got a decent night's sleep despite being in such a busy downtown area, next
bubble_50	Her is our second trip to New York City this year and what a pleasure to be back at the Sohotel ! Outstanding service, so kind and helpful staff, great beds. Metro lines, restaurants and shopping area close by. A few minutes away from Chinatown, Little Italy & Soho. Everything was perfect. Once again we enjoyed our stay. Happy Thanksgiving !
bubble_50	Me and a Few Freinds Stayed At the Sohotel in October.  The Trip was very good.  We booked a larger room for 5 even though were only 3 people, and we where not stuffed at all.    Rooms-  the room was everything we needed .  It also had a  large flat screen tv in it .  The pillows and bed were amazing.    The old exposed brick was nice touch.   Clealeness  The hotel was amazingly clean. I have stayed at many hotels from 3 to 5 stars and I must say this hotel is one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed at.  We had room service every day which was very nice they also changed our towels everyday but if you are a very eco freindly customer they had an option to ask for towels  and sheets not to be changed everyday.  Staff-  As soon as we entered the hotel we where helped by a
bubble_30	I stayed at this hotel late april 2011. Hotel is located at corner of bowery and broome, close to chinatown/little itally. Not really the best neighbourhood in manhattan, but only few blocks away from soho, which has a nice feel. Hotel is ok. Staff is friendly. Rooms are small, typical for a NYC hotel I guess. Beds are ok, no bedbugs :-) Bathroom is basic, but ok. No elevator in the hotel, so I guess some people might find this a downside. It's nice to have free coffee in the hotel lobby. You can use their wireless connection for free, I even got a signal way up in my room, just expect the connection to be slow. Basically an OK hotel, you get what you pay for. If you don't look for any extra's and want a good basic hotel at good room rates, than this is the place you're looking
bubble_30	A nice little hotel in a decent location - just 5 or so blocks away from the central shopping area of soho with some nice little restaraunts near by.  When we arrived we where put in a horrible room literally right next to reception (the door for it is on the right of the fireplace of the photo shown with the zebra sofa) and on the busy street which was very noisy but they did move us on request.   I stayed on a business trip - shopping - and unfortunately it wasn't really suitable for this purpose. There's no lift and after we moved, our room was on the 3rd floor - that's a lot of stairs when you've been walking around for 8hrs and come back with heavy bags. Although there is free wifi access if you have your own computer, there is no computer to use at the hotel which makes
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed in Sohotel in june for his birthday. We had a wonderful time. This hotel is in a great location in Chinatown. The room was cozy and clean and had its own bathroom. (We loved the decor) We were impressed with the friendly staff who went out of their way to make us feel welcomed. We will stay here again.
bubble_30	Stayed here in November 2011. Two nights in Ny for business. Conference was nearby so I stayed here, after much searching around. It was good: great location, slightly funky styling internally (not boutique, but aiming that direction). Rooms are small (at least the one I had was), but was clean and had everything I needed including free WiFi. Would recommend for groups, and business travel. Location is partly what makes it - SoHo etc. - lots of funky bars, restaurants and so on in the neighbourhood.
bubble_40	If you are looking to experience New York City without the bustle and chaos of Times Square (and the more expensive hotels), you should consider the Sohotel. The location is great! It is a one-minute walk to all the great restaurants in Little Italy (and Lombardi's Pizza!), and just around the corner from Canal Street. You feel like you are in a neighborhood rather than a crowded major city. The decor of the hotel is trendy, warm, and inviting (think exposed brick and zebra-striped couches in the lobby). While the rooms and bathrooms are not very big, the beds are extremely comfortable and there are nice TVs on the walls. Internet is available in some rooms and in the lobby, where you can also watch TV on a on a huge screen while you check your email. Even though there are no
bubble_40	I shared a room with 3 girls on a recent trip and for the most part we had a really good stay.  Friendly staff, especially the porters - they could not have been more helpful.  The rooms were clean (fresh towels and cleaned daily, even when we were late to get out for the day) and the beds/pillows super comfortable.   The main issue we had was the size of the room and how misleading the pics online are.  Now, there may be more than one room with 2 double beds (and I know another poster said that they had plenty of room) but our room was TINY - we had to shift the beds around to make room for our bags and trying to get dressed and ready for a day/night out was a logisitcal nightmare.  Everyone seems to be saying that the low price makes up for the lack of space but we really
bubble_40	great little hotel and welcoming and helpful staff. was my 1st time to NYC and was a bit nervous about where to stay etc and had a budget. Sun/Mon's cheap but then it jumps quite a bit. was shocked when i saw how small the room was but soon got used to it (fine for one really - two??) and loved having my own bathroom and all very clean. wi-fi in rooms pretty p*ss weak which was frustrating but TV reception very good and lots of channels. And was quiet. Would definitely stay again although on 2nd thought, not have a phone in the room could stop me. Only a few flights of stairs so that was fine too. Hot water usually took a minute or two to arrive but again, all better than the Y and cleaner!  : )
bubble_30	This hotel is for sure okayyy when you are looking for an okayyy price for Soho/New York. A little run down hotel room but not that bad that I should complain - no hotel to remember for friendlyness but obviously a hotel where you can dump your shopping bags quickly and hit the bed for a good night sleep (our hotel room was not noisy) after a lot of walking through NYC.
bubble_40	As the other wrote - rooms are small, but if you are watching your dollars and find a deal here, take it. We stayed in a 2 twin bed room. The staff here is marvelous. And yes, as the other reviewers wrote - maids will come twice. Morning to take dirty towels and afternoon to clean and make beds. Whatever - it's nice. It's 3 flights up to the 4th floor and someone on staff is always there to do it for you. The area is the SoHo district and there are so many restaurants and bars just blocks around you will never eat in the same place twice. If you like live music 7 nights a week - go to Arlenes Grocery. Getting to the hotel from the airport take Yellow Cab - don't get scammed by others. Yellow will charge $50.00 from JFK
bubble_20	Please dont go to this hotel thinking its much more than cheap and well located - its very basic in a good location.  I have stayed in bigger rooms in Paris. They were clean with the basics covered.  There isnt a lift so watch for this.  There arent phones or safes in the rooms.  Internet is tricky and there isnt a business centre at all.  Turning on the airconditioning and ear plugs are a good solution to a very noisy environment. To spend time outside of your small room in the hotel meant sitting in the small foyer.  Staff were amenable, no more.  When I say cheap its cheap by NY standards at around $300 pn.  I wouldnt stay there for too many nights - mix it up and stay uptown somewhere nicer!
bubble_50	We stayed four girls in one Regency room for six days and had a lovely time at Sohotel. The room was spacious even with our luggage and shopping bags in it, and the room as well as the bathroom was very clean. The room was cleaned every day - one day even twice!   The best thing about Sohotel is the great location. We were in walking distance from great restaurants on Prince Street and Spring Street, the subway stations for different lines and in the best area for shopping on Broadway to our opinion.   The staff was very helpful with making reservations for airport transfer, lending the phone for reservations on restaurants and giving tips on how to get to the places we wanted to see.   We already miss our room at Sohotel and the wonderful area around the hotel! We will always
bubble_50	We were in new york for a weekend and chose the Sohotel because it was in a great location near Nolita and the lower east side. The staff was great and the bellman helped us with our bags throughout our stay (thanks Singh!) we loved the Sohotel and we will certainly be back for our next stay because the rooms were clean and it was great for our group of 4. Highly recommended!!!
bubble_10	A group of us stayed in Room 404 for a period of 9 days. The place is really near to Chinatown and there were many great resturants around. However, during our stay at room 404, one of my friends saw a rat at night and another friend of mine had reese peanut butter stolen by the rat. We informed the manager but nothing was done.
bubble_40	We spent 2 nights in New York, and I had a hard time finding a <400$ hotel room. Finally, I booked this hotel (Deluxe), which was quite nice, even though the whole scene is quite simple: A bed, a bathroom and not much more than that (even no elevators, although there are 4 floors in the hotel, and we stayed on the 4th)
bubble_50	This is an inexpensive hotel (for New York!) located very close to both Chinatown and Little Italy so offered many opportunities for restaurants and bars. The rooms were kept very clean. We had a room for 4 people - it had lots of space for all our belongings and a large TV for when we needed to flake out. The staff were very helpful and friendly - lending umbrellas when it poured with rain. In the morning there was plentiful tea and coffee available in the lobby. Close to 2 subway lines. Couldn't be better!
bubble_40	We were 3 girls visiting NYC and it was so hard to find a room with 3 beds ! We found Sohotel which is spacious, clean (bathroom is great), staff was super nice and complimentary coffee in the morning ! Best part was the great location, we could walk to Spring, Mulberry or Mott Streets for restaurants...nice art galleries around, Chinatown and Little italy so close too...well we had a great stay.. Subway is very near too, 3 different lines, so it was easy and fast to get uptown...except NY subway is so dirty, so smelly, don't understand why the city is not taking better care of public transport !!! Ask for the special rate on parking your car: 28$ instead of 50$/day with the hotel stamp !
bubble_40	We stopped at the SoHotel for 4 nights on the way out to New Zealand. The room I booked through an agent was nothing like what we were given but when I complained to the duty manager he was a god send and sorted another room. The rooms are tiny but most are apparently in NY, ours didn't have a window so if your fussy about what you want book direct and be specific. The hotel is in a great location, near the subway and has plenty cafes etc in the area. All in all a great stay that didn't break the bank.
bubble_40	NOTE: there's not elevator, so if you have any problems with going up the stairs, book on the first floor.
bubble_50	I went to the Sohotel for a weekend in August and all I can say is this cute boutique hotel on the bowery has everything you need. I chose Sohotel because it is located in one of the best areas in the city with its proximity to Soho, Nolita, and the LES. Shopping is phenomenal so it surely pays to save your money here and spend it out enjoying yourself.  Upon arriving a young guy at the front desk who checked us in was really knowledgeable of the area. The hotel was very clean and the beds were the most comfortable for a hotel, this hotel doesnt have an elevator so if you have trouble climbing stairs this is not your best bet although there are two porters who are always willing to help you up and down.   Service was great and I mean great, the same front desk clerk even got us
bubble_50	I found this hotel to be professional, friendly, clean and always a pleasure to return too at the end of a busy day walking around Manhattan. Upon arriving at the hotel at 8am we were kindly offered a room with no wait as per our request; on the top floor facing the back to experience as less noise as possible. We were even given 2 room options and showed both prior to making our decision. The staff are amazing, always willing to assist you with absolutely anything. The rooms are comfortable, clean and quite hip and historical which we loved. The subway is one block away with many others a few more blocks, top shopping close by and not to mention great eat outs in Little Italy and Chinatown. We used a safety deposit box free of charge and always had the assistance of Willy
bubble_40	I stayed at the Sohotel for 3 days with my wife and our 2 year old. The accommodations were great, the staff was super friendly and very helpful with all of our needs. The rooms were good sized for the area and parking was surprisingly easy, metered spots out front make loading and unloading easy and the lot around the corner is pretty reasonably priced for the city. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_30	I just love this quirky place. No frills, but plenty of character.  Funky lobby, brick walls in the rooms,no cookie cutter furniture or rooms, no elevator, a person who shows you personally to your room, even when you don't have bags. Friendly staff. My October stay must've included an upgrade to a larger room with a nicer bath(not asked for and not advised), as the room this stay was pretty small and the bath was not as well appointed -tile vs. marble.  However, unlike the last room, this one had a closet. Still we weren't there to linger in the room, but to see the city!  Like last time the bed was comfy for the few hours we slept. No bedbugs either! A short walk to LES, Little Italy, Chinatown, SOHO. A good bargain.
bubble_30	I stayed in the SoHotel when we changed from our Midtown hotel half way through our stay.   Before I start the review, I have to tell you that it is NOT wheelchair friendly.  There is no lift and access to the building is via a step of very steep stairs.   When we arrived, we were met by a set of very attentive porters, who were more than happy to take our bags up these stairs and then up to our rooms (for a tip of course).  The en-suite room I stayed in was not big, but managed to a double and single bed.  There was a television, but no phone, which was a bit annoying as to get in touch with the Concierge, I had to walk down and then back up the stairs several times  I know that sounds lazy, but after walking around Manhattan all day, its the last thing you want to do when
bubble_50	I read the Tripadvisor comments back and forth and wasn't sure if I should feel comfortable with bookoing the Sohotel. BUT: The Sohotel was really great! Great in terms of location!  The price is fair for NYC standards. Yes, rooms are tiny but so what? The rooms are clean, the bathroom is clean, the bed is very comfortable. Yes, the windows are NYC / US style and yes NYC is the city that never sleeps. Of course NYC is noisy - we then asked for a room facing the back of the bulding and not Broome Street - which worked well.  Over all: Stylish rooms Stylish hotel Friendly service A safe Free Wifi Great: it is so close to everything in Soho and I would definitely come back! I have been 5 times to NYC and this is the area I find most facinating, lively and interesting. All is within
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed for 4 nights at Sohotel as part of a trip that started in Vancouver and ended on Cape Cod. This was Sue's 1st visit to NYC so we wanted to be in Lower Manhattan. Sohotel was perfectly placed on the edge of Soho, little Italy and Chinatown. It was a short walk to the subway with the line going straight up to the the tourist spots - empire state, 5th ave, central park etc. We preferred Lower Manhattan and everything was in walking distance right down to the 9/11 site, wall st, the Hudson River. If you love shopping, Sohotel is perfectly placed. The hotel was clean, the staff friendly and obliging and the service was good when we needed it. The rooms are small and even though we had a deluxe room with 2 double bed, which were very comfy, the room and bath were
bubble_10	I booked this based on reviews on this site and photos.  I checked in on a Friday night.  No elevators - 3rd floor.  Fine, I like exercise.  Room had slanted ceilings and was only large enough to fit the bed and a nightstand.  No closet; no drawers.  Bathroom only big enough to stand in.  This place is not a hotel - it is a hostel or a redone YMCA boarding house.  A "non-smoking" building, smoke wafted under my door after midnight.  No one at front desk (oh, and no phone to call them anyway - would have had to use my cell).    Wanted some ice water.  No ice.  discovered the next morning that the ice machine is off of the lobby on the 1st floor, next to the soda vending machine and half empty snack machine.  Window unit A/C was barely adequate - oh, and the halls and stairways
bubble_50	We came to NY with a crew of 7 guys. We got two doubles and one room with three beds. The triple room was so key. The price was right. Super clean. The lobby was nice and always had tea and coffee. Friendly staff. This will be my new spot. I'm always trying to stay in the LES, and THIS IS THE PLACE.
bubble_40	Very comfortable budget hotel in NYC. On the edge of Soho and Little Italy, there is so much within walking distance. The location itself makes this hotel worth the price. It looks exactly like it does in the pictures online and the staff were very helpful and friendly. They greeted us with a big smile and hello whenever we were coming or going, and the door guy wouldn't even accept a tip for helping us with our luggage.   GREAT value for money, comfortable beds, very clean, wasn't noisy or cramped. I went with a group of five people and we were all very comfortable there. When I go back to Manhattan I am definitely staying here!
bubble_30	Great value on the deluxe room with 3 beds.  Room was big enough for the purpose.  Bathroom was small and shower was very hot/cold.  Air conditioner worked to cool, but did not take humidity out of air.  Noise from the street as if window was open, but it was closed.  OK location (Chinatown), but very safe and easy access.
bubble_50	My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week in May. I have been to New York many times and always stay at the Marriot or the W in Times Square. This time i decided i wanted to be in a different more hip location. The Sohotel was recommended to me by a colleague, and i was not disappointed. First of all the price is amazing!! The location is great its close to everything in lower Manhattan and just a short train ride away from the tourist attractions. The hotel is spotless; the staff is very friendly and attentive. This place actually care about their guests, they go out of their way to make sure they are happy. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for clean hotel in a great location at an extremely reasonable price.
bubble_50	my mother recently came to New York City to visit and on a recommendation I had her stay at Sohotel. She got a room with two beds so I stayed there with her for the duration of her trip.  from the beginning the staff was extremely friendly and helpful; our room and the hotel as a whole was clean and for the price the room was very spacious (its New York City guys...). The hotel is in a great downtown location too, walking distance to amazing shopping, dining and nightlife venues. When you add it all up, you can't beat the Sohotel when staying in NYC; I wouldn't let my mother stay anywhere else and I look forward to when she returns so I can stay as well!
bubble_40	We stayed here for 7 nights from 28/05 - 04/06. The location is perfect and we found the staff pleasant and helpful. In terms of value for money this place is fantastic. We had a deluxe room (Room 326) on the side away from the street which was small but liveable - we had two beds (one for shopping / suitcases!). The room was always clean, had good aircon and a decent shower.   Tips: - the Randolph bar next door does a good Malbec and has a nice vibe for a nightcap - Balthazar in Spring St (nearby) is great for brunch (reservations are a good idea) - Lombardis in Spring St is great for pizza (1st pizzeria in US apparently), if you go late around 10pm there is no waiting time  - Congee in Chinatown (on Bowery) is good for cheap tasty chinese (try the shrimp balls) - DelFriscos in
bubble_10	Loved the location; HATED the room. My husband and I are seasoned travelers (third world and otherwise), and we can say without equivocation that this was one of our least pleasant travel experiences. We arrived after midnight on a flight from the Caribbean and half-way through our 1 AM check-in, the desk clerk stopped to argue in Spanish with a guest who was complaining about his room or lack thereof. Our room was so small, that a luggage rack tucked behind a mirror serving as a closet door in one corner of the room couldnt possibly be used. Returning one afternoon about 4 o-clock, we found that our room had yet to be made up. One day, in order to notify the cleaning staff that the light above the bathroom mirror had burned out, I removed the bulb and set it with the towels to
bubble_40	Loved this little gem. Very friendly and helpful staff, big rooms, free tea and coffee in the lobby daily from 7am-11am, lots of linen and towels, clean rooms, reasonable shower, comfortable beds, great price. Make sure you request a quiet room (avoid rooms facing Bowery St). Only negatives -no phones or fridges in rooms, steep stairs (no elevator!) but the very friendly doormen will carry your bags for you. Not located on the prettiest of streets but only 2 short blocks to fabulous Spring & Prince Streets and subway stations. My friend and I had a fabulous time at the SoHotel and I highly recommend staying here. Tip well! It's deserved.
bubble_50	Stayed at 3 different hotels whilst in New York this january, as we wanted to experience different parts on the city. The Sohotel was first on the list and we actually ended up checking out early of another hotel to return to the Sohotel. We were offered a discount also which was not expected and greatly appreciated.  The beds were so comfortable and as I was travelling with my brother and his mate, it was great to find a room with 3 beds that was very reasonably priced.  All I can say is great service (friendliest doorman and desk staff) and excellent heating (which helped after coming in from a snow fight)..  Will definately return sometime soon, my fingers are crossed :)
bubble_40	My friends and I have stayed one night in this hotel before flying back to UK. We arrived  at 11.30am and as checking was only starting at 3pm, the hotel kept all our luggages.  Maybe a little "bad point": the stairs to get to the lobby.. can be annoying when you have heavy luggage but at least the bell boy is really helpful  We booked a room for 3 people but this one could welcome 5 people (2 double bed + 1 single). We ended up in room 227, clean, with enough space for all our luggage. Bed were really good with comfortable matelas. Bathroom of a decent size, perfectly cleaned. As we booked the room through www.booking.com, we had a nice rate. Our room was on the street side, so a little bit noisy but you can still sleep peacefully.  Room was equiped with Flat screen TV. Free
bubble_50	We found this to be a good base to explore NYC, one of the less expensive hotels , but perectly ok for our needs
bubble_30	In the perpetually up-and-coming-but-never-quite-arriving Chinatown/SoHo/Bowery area, this hotel is, for the money one pays, the best of a pretty bad lot. We spent two lots of one night at each end of the holiday here, averaging$160 per night, for which in the UK (and most of the rest of the world, if we're honest) you could stay somewhere really good with more than just a passing acquaintance with the traveller's comfort.  The rooms are incredibly small  - on the last night we were in a windowless room [Grandpa used to tell me about those, I didn't think they still existed...]. The bathrooms were tiny and for the mobility impaired beware, there is no lift, only steep stairs and narrow coridoors. Trouble is, there's no point in moaning, because in dear old NYC you really have to
bubble_40	Good location, clean, charming hotel!  Housekeepers were constantly cleaning floors, stairs, and public areas to keep them clean and inviting.  The doorman was friendly and helpful.  Lounge areas are small, but cozy and colorful.  Rooms are small, but who cares in NYC!?  I would recommend Sohotel to friends and family.  We enjoyed our time there.
bubble_20	This looked like a really good place to stay. The website sells it very well. Rooms are cramped and the one we stayed in sloped to one side, had dust you could leave pictures in and a very odd smell coming from the bathroom. The radiator kept emitting odd smelling steam and didn't work properly at first and staff were not particularly interested in hearing about it. Location-wise it's ok and within easy reach of some good shops and places to eat, but it's on a major intersection with 24-7 traffic (yes, we expected New York to be noisy, we've both stayed there before) and being an old building, it was virtually impossible to shut the noise out to sleep. The area the hotel is in doesn't feel particularly good at night so I wouldn't recommend this to single travellers. A
bubble_50	I made my booking over the telephone, and was promised a ground level room because I was traveling with young children and had read online that the property did not have an elevator.  Our check-in was quick, we were assisted without our luggage, and upgraded from a Regency to a Regency Plus.  The room was spacious for NYC standards. It was clean and the beds were comfortable.  Noise was a bit of an issue because we were on ground level and near all sorts of sounds came in through the window from the street, but then again, that had been my request while booking.  Liza and Jenny at the front desk were both fantastic, offering directions, subway info, maps and a lovely greeting each time we entered or left our room (which was tucked away right behind the reception).   Our room's
bubble_50	This is an excellent hotel.  Its location is great: lots of subways you can take, lots of shops and restaurants nearby.  The hotel itself is super - staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are very clean.
bubble_30	Stayed here for one night in March. It was recommended by friends who really enjoyed their stay at the end of last year and described the hotel as having character and being a good deal by NYC standards, and I can see that this was also the experience of other reviewers here. The staff were good and friendly, but the room we were allocated was nothing better than a decent hostel room, it was very basic, furniture was quite battered, there were bright yellow walls and one double and a single bed when we were just one couple. We probably should have just asked if there was alternative room at the time of checking in, but we were anxious to get out and enjoy our last night in NYC. There was nothing overly wrong with the room, and its not as if we expected the Ritz, but looking at
bubble_50	your hotel and its employees were awesome. i was planning a bachelorette party for my best friend and your hotel was able to make our weekend much easier. even from booking our rooms, your employee, Alian D. was so helpful even when i had a million questions and needed to make changes in out reservation after booking it. during our stay the font desk was so nice about holding our bags and giving us directions to all of our plans. we were even able to take a mid-day nap to recharge and told where to get pizza while we got ready for our night out. over-all, it was a great experience. i will come back to stay again & tell others to do the same!
bubble_40	I have loved in New York for years; when having guests to visit I always recommend Sohotel. No-where else in the city is as well located and affordable. I recently had my mother to visit, who has quite exacting standards (!) and she was extremely pleased with her stay.
bubble_50	I visited the Sohotel about two months ago, and I absolutely loved it. The lobby is super cute, and the staff was very inviting. I have to say, for the location you get when you stay here, the price is extremely reasonable, even surprising.  The room was a good size for my friend and I. We got a Regency room (two double beds) for our four night stay and there was plenty of space for us and our bags/belongings. The reason for our stay was that it was her first time visiting NYC, and my apartment is too small to have a guest, so the Sohotel was the perfect choice!  The best thing about it is that it is so close to all the shopping and great restaurants. You are right in the middle of the action, but it is still a very comforting and relaxing place to retreat to after a long day.
bubble_50	My boyfriend and I visited New York for our anniversary in March and were looking for somewhere in a great location where we could refuel after a long day's shopping or long night's partying.  The Sohotel was walking distance to all the bars, shops and restaurants which we wanted to visit, and was recommended to us by two separate groups of friends who had stayed previously.  Our room was perfectly clean and the bed was one of the comfiest I've ever slept in. The room was a tiny bit on the small side, but we still had plenty of space to get ready and store all our belongings. The bathroom had everything we needed, although could perhaps be updated slightly. TV was great and plenty of plug sockets etc.    Communal areas - corridors and reception etc - were really stylish and
bubble_50	I got nothing but love for Sohotel. I received a great deal on a giant room (and not just by NYC standards) for a two night work and play stay. I loved the new hardwood floors throughout, as well as the full marble baths in the rooms. Nice exposed bricks walls and stairways. I could easily see that the spaces were spotless. In these days of bedbug horror stories, cleanliness has become my #1 NYC hotel deciding factor. Sohotel did not disappoint. It also seemed like there was someone cleaning some part of the hotel common spaces at every minute of the day. The beds were new, very comfortable and had relatively high quality linens and pillows. I had early morning wake-up calls and I slept like the dead, each night, in a hopping neighborhood. It was a very quiet and restful escape
bubble_50	I stayed in Sohotel from March 5th to 11th with my husband and 3 boys aged 10 to 16. Service was excellent. The staff was always smiling and helpful. The room Regency Plus (room 314) was large with two full/queen and one single. Every morning, coffee/tea/milk was available in the lobby. The hotel is perfectly located and close to 3 subway stations and from a walking distance to China Town, Little Italy and Soho. Compared to other hotels in NYC, Sohotel is cheap  and I really appreciated the fact that the five of us could be accommodated in the same room! No safe in the room but available for free near the lobby. PLUS : great location, friendly staff, staff to help carry bags up and down stairs + comfy beds! The only NEGATIVE point was the noice. Though our room was located
bubble_40	The first thing you should know about this hotel is that there is no elevator.  There are only 4 floors but if stairs are a problem then this is not the hotel for you.  The second is that the hotel is really quirky, so if you have a sense of humor about it then you'll be fine.  The rooms are REALLY small, as in the bed barely fits in the room and there is not much else room to navigate.  The room is very clean though, the bathroom is quite modern and the basic ammenities are there.  A bargain price for a Manhattan hotel.
bubble_50	I travelled to NYC with three teens whose band was playing at The Knitting Factory in Brooklyn. I chose this hotel so that we would be fairly close to the venue and still in Manhatten where we like to walk around a good bit. This hotel is on the corner of Bowery and Broome. It was perfect for us.   The room we reserved was large with two full/queen and one single. The bathroom was big enough to turn around in, which isn't always the case in NYC. The decor was updated and nice. The staff was friendly and helpful.   There is a coffee bar in the lobby. There are coffee shops and pizza shops within walking distance. And the band's favorite store, Trash and Vaudeville, is also within walking distance. We took the subway uptown and a car to the venue in Brooklyn. Also, there is free
bubble_50	I live in NYC...I recently had my mother visiting.  We opted for a hotel this time as it is closer for shopping and eating than my Brooklyn Apt.  My mother and  I had a lovely stay.  SoHotel is by far one of the least expensive in the city.  We found the staff very helpful.  The room clean and beds comfortable.  I also found the bathroom to be quite large, and enjoyed the ceramic tub.  The location is perfect.  Close to everything downtown. For the price and location, it doesn't get any better than this.  friendly staff, interesting guests, clean, quiet for New York, and Very affordable.  Also I am a bit of a snob when it comes to bedding.  The sheets are fresh and clean without smelling of chemicals.  This is really nice as I find cheaper Hotels to smell kind of gross.  We
bubble_50	Friendly, clean , close to 3 metro stations, allows you to go everywhere in NY. What's more? It's CHEAP ! Wonderful stay.  The room was a bit little but u are in Ny, you stay in room a very little time.
bubble_40	I had read some reviews on this place somewhere else and was a little worried about staying there (previously they had a bed bug problem - so someone said).  This place was within our budget and we needed somewhere to stay.  When I checked into the room I made sure there were no problems (bugs) and there were not.  The room was very clean.  It was small but I didnt expect much more in a NYC hotel.  We were not on the street side so there was no road noise problems.  The staff were all very nice and accomodating.  The location was not touristy at all, there were a lot of lighting/electrical stores in the area.  Subway in walking distance. The only problem was the room was very warm even with the AC and ceiling fan running.  I would definately recommend this place to a friend and
bubble_40	We stayed for four nights and used it as a base to see the sights of Manhattan. We only wanted a bed for the night so didn't need a hotel with lots of facilities. Its close to a number of subway stations so very accessible.  There are plenty of italian and chinese restaurants in walking distance.  The rooms were clean and well serviced, but a little on the small side.  Don't let that put you off though... we enjoyed our stay.
bubble_30	I stayed for three days and two nights at Sohotel and one thing that really impressed me was the amazing staff. We arrived several hours early from our check-in time, so the staff had our room cleaned first so we didn't have to wait so long in the lobby. The location is within walking distance (less than 15 minutes) to Soho and there's also a couple great restaurants / cafes on the way. Given the location, there's bound to be traffic noises at night, but I honestly wasn't bothered at all and I'm a fairly light sleeper myself. Those who require absolute silence to sleep should already have brought earplugs.  The rooms were CLEAN and bed-bug free. I even took precautions just in case, but they weren't necessary. One thing I really didn't like was the tiny bathroom, but that's just
bubble_50	my husband and i traveled to new york for the weekend and wanted somewhere to stay close to NoLita and SoHo.  After looking up multiple hotels and seeing that the price difference between the Sohotel and the others in the area were almost double than what Sohotel was we thought we'd give it a shot.  We were going to New York for fun and didn't need a big hotel with a gym and dry cleaning services and continental breakfast.  We just needed a bed and a shower - and thats exactly what we got. Everything was very clean, the service (bellman and front desk ladies) was superb and we didnt experience any issues (noise, etc.)  The room was small, but how much space do you need to sleep, shower and change?
bubble_40	We spent there 7 nights, the staff is super helpful and kind, they speak English and Spanish what is a positive fact, and they are always willing to help. He was some problems with the pipes in our room and we were inmediately changed to another one, even better than the previous one! The only problem is the noise with radiators. But the noise from street is not so disturbing (it is a big city)  Although breakfast is not included they offer tea, milk and coffee every morning, so I didn't need to buy anything else outside in the mornings.
bubble_50	I stayed for three nights at the Sohotel with my boyfriend.  It was our first time in NY, for both of us. I spent hours on the Internet looking for an affordable and decent hotel in the city, without bed bugs... Quite complicated !  The Sohotel seemed good and decided to went there. That was a great choice !   It is very well located. Note however that it is not in Soho (even though its name would make you think it is), but between Chinatown and Little Italy (more in the latter).  You can access easily three different subway lines which will get you in uptown or downtown very quickly. You can go by foot in Little Italy and Chinatown of course, but also Soho and the Financial District which are quite close.   It is true, the rooms are small, the bathroom as well.  But the bed is
bubble_50	I can recommend this hotel to anyone! Very friendly and supportive staff, maids make the beds every day ... & very cute receptionists =))  the second day, the radiator started clanking for whatever reason... we could immediately move to another (bigger!!) room, for no extra charge! it must have been possible because february is not the most frequent month... but anyway: very great!
bubble_50	I loved this hotel! Friendly and helpful reception and porters. I was a lone traveller and felt safe in the area. Which is really close to Little Italy and Soho. I walked from the hotel all the way down Broadway to Central Park one day and all the way to Ground Zero another. It's really easy to get around on foot and the nearest subway isn't too far either. I would highly recommend this hotel to single or couples or as a friends weekend away.  I hired a phone from the hotel and there were a few teething problems with it and the hotel staff went out of their way to help me and were really professional about it all. I was also in a very hot room which I couldn't sleep in so they very kindly moved me free of charge to a cooler room.  It was a really clean and welcoming hotel in a
bubble_50	we stayed at the Sohotel for 7 nights and we loved it ! brick walls and deco in the lobby very trendy, neat hotel rooms with great beds, excellent service, welcoming and helpful staff, ready to satisfy the customer in a flash. If you want to be close to Chinatown, Little Italy and Soho, the location is perfect. Metro line nearby. we thank the staff for their kindness and we are looking forward to coming back !
bubble_30	Great spacious rooms, friendly staff and perfect location. Only thing was noise from the street which is fine if you are a good sleeper.
bubble_50	I can't rave enough about this hotel! The staff was amazingly helpful, courteous and friendly. The beds are seriously the most comfortable ever, I fell asleep and woke up in the same position! The hotel is clean and well stocked and the location is awesome! If you're looking for a place that is more than fair with their pricing and where customer service is obviously a priority, this is your place! No frills but just everything you need on a visit to NYC.
bubble_50	There is no doubt in my mind that this hotel is the best option while visiting NYC. We were here in the middle of December for a weekend and since the weather was great we were out and about all day. The rooms are not as small as you think, but if you're not used to NYC then any place you go will shock you. The price is great and the place is spotless. A little noisy at times but it wasn't bothering at all. We liked it a lot and this is our choice the next time we visit. Thanks Sohotel for a great time.
bubble_50	A very very beautiful hotel in the oldest part of New York, where you can still feel the old spirit even tough the hotel is very modern decorated in the best of taste. I stayed in the Hotel with a friend of mine and we really enjoyed it! We love Soho. There are many bars and restaurants and crazy kind of shops around the corner, as well as the best cocktail bar in town. :-) Worth trying it!  The rooms are small, especially for european standard, but they are really comfortable, clean and i liked the beds. Every room is individually designed, I love that, because it makes it a little special and homelike.  All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Next time I'll see New York I will definatly stay in this hotel again!
bubble_40	Good - 1) Lovely staff, really friendly & approachable. We received help with our luggage, advice on where to go (even for a manicure!) and hello's from all. 2) Stylish rooms and decor. Our room was not as tiny as people have mentioned on here. We had a twin room, which size wise was fine for the two of us who only wanted to sleep there anyway. Oh & the bed was super comfy!!! People on here had mentioned some sort of plastic covering on the mattress. True, we did have a cover on the mattress but it was not plastic and in fact we saw these sold in shops as bed bug protectors.  3) Great location. This is probably the best thing and much more important than we estimated. Having Little Italy, Chinatown, Soho, Broadway and a couple of Subways on your doorstep & within a 10 minute
bubble_40	My room was typical NY small, which is to say, tiny. However, awesome location and great quality bed. A little loud at night but, you do not go to NY for peace and quiet!
bubble_30	I stayed at this hotel in June last year with my 21 year old daughter for our birthdays. I had previously stayed in the Times Square area of Manhattan but it was her first visit. We chose this hotel mainly due to price and location as we wanted to be away from the mania that is Times Square! The hotel is lovely, friendly and in a fantastic area, ideal for the boutiques which are littered aroiund Soho. The beds were comfy and the complimentary tea and coffee in the lobby in a morning is a nice touch. There are vending machines for late night snacks and drinks and sofa's here and there for a rest from the relentless stairs!  However.....the rooms are absolutely tiny! The hot water only worked when it wanted to and the lack of an elevator is a pain! Having said that the location is
bubble_40	Well after having our flights cancelled and getting a comfirmed flight 4days later we had to find ourselves somewhere to stay and sharpish. We decided on the Soho area after a recommendation and after spending a week in Times Square it was a welcomed change to the hussle and bussle of the tourist trap.  First impressions of the hotel were good from photos on the internet and i must say when i walked up the stairs into the lobby i wasnt disapointed. The decore was well thought out and worked well with the theme throughout the hotel . The same went for the room with a nice comfy bed, plenty of lighting. Good shower room and storage for clothes and although there was no wardrobe there was a hanging rack with coat hangers which was plenty. We didnt have an issue with this
bubble_40	Stayed here for 8 nights with my sister.  We booked the Regency Plus (the biggest room available) for our stay, as we thought we'd treat ourselves.  We also booked 6 months ahead, so we could actually afford it.  Once we arrived in New York, we knew we would want an extra day to explore the city, so we booked 1 night extra on the end - but just a Standard Queen room, asthe prices for the Regency Plus had tripled. On the PLUS side - great location, friendly staff, staff to help carry bags up and down stairs (as there's no lift/elevator).  The Regency Plus room was a good size (for NYC) and the bathroom was spacious. On the NEGATIVE side - the hot water system failed a few times, the Standard Queen room was quite possibly the SMALLEST (and I'm not joking) hotel room I have ever,
bubble_40	Spent only one night and little time in the room, but that's the way most tourists travel!, No elevators.  Sort of reminded me of what a rooming house might be like, but  room 413 was sizable (1 dbl + 1 sgl bed- must've snagged an upgrade, as I was solo) but no closet for hanging clothes.  A coat rack would fit as a nice substiute.  Paint was fresh, brick walls, wood floors, nice decor and flat screen TV.  Small bath, but marble, with vintage look accesories.  There was coffee in the funky (in a good way) lobby in the a.m. Close to subway, soho, tribeca, little italy, good food and nightlife. I've already called friends to recommend and plan to return to this hotel myself.
bubble_50	I was a little nervous going to Sohotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. It has been rated both good and bad and I thought:"well, there's 50% chance of it sucking!!".  But OMG, it was just the opposite!!! From the second we got to the hotel, the staff was fantastic!!! We got a great room (although it was just above a bar) that was really clean and actually ok in size (I was really worried that it would be tiny!). Yes, the bathroom was not the size of a ballroom, but don't expect that at this rate......it was clean, had lot's of warm water at all hours and we got new towels twice a day!!!  My friend got a terrible toothache while we were there and the staff was unbelievable kind and helpfull. They helped us to find a doctor at 5 AM on a sunday on Thanksgiving
bubble_40	We stayed here, 5 of us in one room! 2 double beds and a twin. nice bathroom with a guest bathroom right outside our room in the hallway. Great lobby, good value. I didn't sleep well the first night as our bed was broken but we fixed it ourselves for the 2nd night so no problem there. GREAT location for the price. Walk to cool bars and restaurants and galleries in the lower east side. Oour favorite being "meet the Johnson's" Dive bar...loved it!
bubble_30	I can't say this hotel was outstanding, but the room was adequate and the Regency Plus Room had the bedding configuration our family needed. 2 Doubles and a twin.  The first night our room was on the street side and was so loud with street noise from a bar, the street and the fire department 2 doors down that we asked to be moved to a quieter room. They moved us to a larger and quieter room on the backside of the hotel! If this hadn't happened, I think we would have had to change hotels. The hotel was convenient to everything via subway (Spring St. about 4 blocks away) although usually you did have to change trains. It was fun to be near Little Italy and Chinatown. Did notice the hotel seems popular with younger people probably due to the price and with European travelers. A
bubble_30	We stayed in the Sohotel for two night before flying back to Europe. Four friends in 1 room and the first thing we noticed was the bathroom. Never have I seen such a small bathroom. I'm not the biggest person on the planet, I'm an avarage size, but I practically had to squeeze myself between the bathroom and the wall to get to the toilet. The door opens in to the bathroom so you can't get to the shower without squeezing yourself between wall and sink first to close the door. Two people in the bathroom is simple impossible. Some rooms do have a different bathroom set-up though wich looked an itsybitsy more practicaL. If you are a bit bigger than avarage, don't even think of booking a room here! Luckily, bags and suitcases can be stowed under the bed, otherwise we wouldn't have
bubble_50	How can the oldest hotel in Manhattan be green AND utterly affordable and immaculate?  Well, the little gem on the Little Italy/Chinatown edge of Soho, just steps away from the newly gentrified Bowery, the sohotel, thesohotel.com has pulled it off.  If their recent green renovation where they officially sought a green focus, with a sleek look and low price becomes a trend in the hotel industry, the environment and our budgets will all give a sigh of relief and there wont be any bedbugs hitching a ride home on our rollaboards!  How do they do it?  1.  The lobby is sleek and cool, yet fun due to designer lamps, wi-fi and a big flatscreen.  Minimal, hip furnishings on the first and second floors are embellished with a few of what I call the latest candy magazines (the
bubble_20	My thirtysomething girlfriends recently had a reunion in New York, where we all once lived. Three of us stayed in a three-bed room at the Sohotel for $346 a night. The building seems to be a converted rooming house making the best of its Bowery location and quirky interior. We found the lobby filled with twenty-ish European travelers, and we soon learned why it's best suited for that clientele. For one, there are no elevators. For another, the neighborhood is not Soho at all but on its rough outskirts, surrounded by clubs and bars. This presented the worst problem: noise. Our third-floor room got the brunt of a pounding bass from a nearby club that stopped around 3 a.m. No bedbugs, probably thanks to the rubber casing on the mattresses that led to sweaty backs and creaks every
bubble_30	We found ourselves looking for a hotel in New York with only one day's notice and spent hours trawling the internet for a room for the night that had it's own bathroom, wasn't totally full and wouldn't make Donald Trump wince - it took a long time to find the Sohotel but it was a good thing we did.  It was $230 a night - a decent rate - and got us a room that looked very chic with a fine bathroom and a view of a brick wall (which we found funny!). There was no breakfast provided but we were able to grab a coffee before we hit the streets. The hotel was clean and there was a 24-hour reception which was very helpful. Service was friendly and location was great.
bubble_50	I was referred to this hotel from a good friend of mine who lives in the inner city...I must say it was a great decision to stay and relax for the weekend @ the sohotel.  In the center of all the attractions and restaurants but best of all it felt like home when going back to the hotel for a good nights rest.  A++ rating hands down.
bubble_40	This is a really cool hotel, nice dcor, comfy beds, good shower. The staff at 24 hour reception were very helpful, and the location right down town where China Town meets Little Italy was excellent. You see parts of New York which you wouldn't see if you were staying further uptown.  I would recommend that they allow you to have tea/coffee for longer during the day as there are no facilities in the room and phones in the rooms would also have been good.Also it is not a particularly quiet location.
bubble_40	I had used TripAdvisor to find an affordable hotel in NYC and found Sohotel, just on the fringe of Little Italy, downtown. it was a great find.  The staff was lovely and obliging and very engaged in cleaning! They carry your luggage up the stairs (there are no elevators).  the hotel has been re-fitted and, while it doesn't look very exciting on the outside, inside it's all a-glitter with loud colours, exotic prints, pictures and charming, kitschy stuff. My room held a double and a single bed, a dresser and two bed tables with not much room for anything else, but this is NY!  I was thrilled!  the renos had included lots of lights and good switch control; there was both a/c and an overhead fan; and the very light-and-bright bathroom had everything you could want - all the little
bubble_40	Claiming to be the oldest hotel in NYC, I was pleased to book here just for that factor alone. And when we arrived I just loved the lobby decor - despite the no lift/elevator and dragging my heavy suticases up several flights after 22 hours of plane travel all the way from Australia phew! The staff were quite dour but still helpful - especially as our loo overflowed unfortunately late at night. The beds were very comfortable, rooms very nice and clean and the general personality and feel of the place was great. I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	The Sohotel is a small, well decorated and very clean Boutique-type hotel that lies slap bang between Little Italy & Chinatown in downtown Manhattan.  It was reasonably priced (for NY) and the rooms are a good size, with plasma TV's and the most comfortable beds i have EVER slept in.  I'm VERY picky about my own bed and pillows and despite loving travelling i dread the hard/so soft hotel beds with the cardboard pillows.. the bed in Sohotel gave me the best nights sleeps i have had in a long time.  The only downside to the hotel was that the walls seem super thin from the rooms to the lobby/corridor areas so the maids in the morning and early risers could be heard quite loudly.
bubble_50	My husband and I went up to NY for the weekend and have stayed at numerous hotels paying double the price of the Sohotel! We were a little sceptical at first from some of the reviews but were incredibly impressed! Great location...border of Soho, Little Italy, East Village, LES, and China Town (all within walking distance!) If I HAD to pick one negative it would be the stair entryway but hey, you get your excercise and the extremely nice doorman is there to graciously help you with your bags. The whole staff was friendy, they even offered us a shower room to freshen up until our room was ready because we arrived a 6:30am. The lobby is cozy with little nooks to relax and grab a coffee. Balthazar and Grotta are right around the corner for breakfast...Just a perfect place and a
bubble_30	Location is not too bad. Pretty central.  You have to climb up stairs to get to the lobby and then more stairs to your room. No elevator. Receptionists and bell person were really helpful. Modern decor with good atmosphere in foyer. Everybody tries hard and it shows. Room was remodeled and clean but real small. Thank God there were no bedbugs. The one thing I didn't care for was the plastic sheet wrapped around the mattress. Felt weird against the sheets. For $279, I would like to see them using better quality mattress protection padding. All in all, it was a good place to stay in :-)
bubble_40	I recently stood at THE SOHOTEL  & I must say it was a decent hotel with decent rooms & a GREAT staff. I was there on a leisure trip with my boyfriend & we had the time of our lives 7 NIGHTS RM. 454. the room was a bit small however, it was worth the price. The staff was extra courteous especially PEDRO & LUIS the night guys. They helped so many times with bags towels batteries for remote control & PEDRO even went to the store for me to buy me aspirin. He even refused my money when i tried to give him a tip. Jenny & jessenia the lovely ladies in the morning were also helpful. SERVICE WITH A SMILE IS WHAT YOU GET THE MINUTE YOU WALK THROUGH THEIR DOORS. I would be making The sohotel my home when in NYC. I LOVE THE SOHOTEL. THANK YOU GUYS FOR A GREAT STAY. -JEANETTE BJORNSTROM-
bubble_40	We enjoyed our stay at the Sohotel. The location was perfect - away from all the tourist spots, but close enough to hail a cab or hop on a train to catch a Broadway play. Staff was always courteous as well a helpful with dining suggestions. When my family and I return, we will definitely consider the Sohotel for a repeat visit as well as recommend it to our friends.
bubble_30	this hotel looks funky from the outside, and the reception area is trendy too. 3 of us slept in a room for 5, thank goodness there weren't 5 of us! the beds were very comfortable but the room was very narrow..which prooved a bit perilous trying to make it back from the bathroom in the dark! our room was first floor, by the street and above a bar which was very noisy on weekend nights. if you're styaing here, try to request a quiet room as we didn't manage to have a good night's sleep. our room was also very warm, but if we put the cooler on it was far too noisy... spent all night turning the 'radiator' thing on and off. so all in all...  good = location, one of the mornings the cleaner did a fantastic job and folded all our clothes and left the room spotless, comfortable beds.
bubble_40	Wanted to stay downtown for a change and found this cute little hotel.  Lobby is boutique-designed - really cool.  Room we had was very roomy -with an extra bed so fit 4 of us easily.  Pristine bathroom - very clean.  Hardwood floors, metal bed frames & foam mattresses prevent bedbugs.  They have gone to extreme measures to insure no infestation can occur.  Problems:  Walkup (4th floor!), no phone in room, smoke alarm broken & hanging.  Great staff - friendly and our bags were brought to our room and down again so we did not have to navigate the stairs.   Would definitely stay again because it is 2 blocks from Little Italy, 3 blocks from SoHo & Canal St.  Reasonable parking ($28 for 24 hours-unheard of in NYC!) due to agreement with hotel.   Try the Sohotel if you want clean,
bubble_40	we were a group of 5 staying only 1 night in NYC. the people at the front desk were nice and had no problems with us leaving our bags at the reception since we got in NYC  way before our check-in time. check in was done easily. Finally..the room...i gotta say, i was really surprised with how good it was! the beds were comfy and big, the bathroom was very nice and modern. The view is not the greatest i gotta say but who cares? we just needed a CLEAN place to crash for 1 night and it was more than enough and ended up paying $70/each/per night which would have been the same as staying out of the island. subway is close by and u are about 4 street away from broadway and canal street. i am definitely going back to this hotel next time i go to NYC, with friends or just with my
bubble_40	Love the decore! We stayed for 9 nights and had a great time checkin out the city. The location is great, bed was comfortable, rooms were small but we didn't mind As we were only sleeping there anyway, rooms cleaned daily. Bad: tv reception was poor and no safe or phone in the rooms. I would happily stay here again though.
bubble_20	I went to NY for one week with my mother who invited me, and we booked the hotel in advance via the internet. We made a reservation for one room with 2 TWIN beds, but when we got there, the beds were only single beds. We went to tell the lady at the disk, but she said it was twinbeds (It was room 405 as I recall)?! And that was also what we had to pay for - not fair at all!! A part from this disappointment and very bad service, the hotel is nice looking and is located very well.  In the future I would hope that the rooms live up to the description in the reservation and that you pay for what you get and not less.
bubble_30	Quite rusty place, but the room was ok sized with an extra (third) bed for one of the kids. Good location close to subway, Chinatown and Little Italy. Very small bathroom, but it was clean.  Friendly and service minded staff.
bubble_40	We chose the Sohotel for a 3 day visit to New York City and we made a good choice! The location is good, with lots of nice restaurants in the neighborhood. The staff is friendly and helpful and our room was large (not all rooms are, I also saw smaller rooms on the hotel map) and had a nice atmosphere. Minor things that could be improved are a more quite a/c and better wifi coverage to all rooms.
bubble_50	Just spend 4 days in the SoHotel. First class, for location, value and all that you could ever want for from a city location hotel. Well done and many thanks to the many staff who helped us during our stay. We will be back!
bubble_30	Had a wonderful one night stay while my Mom and sister came into town for a 2 day shopping trip.  Great walking distance to Broadway in Soho for shopping and Little Italy for eating!  Hotel staff were nice and efficient.  It was really nice to check our bags both upon arrival and at departure so we could do our thing without dragging our stuff around.  We booked a Regency Plus room which had a total of 3 beds so we could all be comfortable. The little bathroom had everything we needed.  We all felt safe and sound both at the hotel and walking about the area.  A little street noise after the local bar closed, but nothing a set a earplugs didn't fix.   We are already talking about coming back and staying again!
bubble_30	(Stay was in 2007). New York was fantastic, but this hotel was a let down and I would pay more in future to stay in a batter hotel when I go back to the city.  The customer service was poor, our room was not ready when we arrived and they disputed our check in time. They put us up in a tiny room for the night (3 friends, one had to sleep on the floor on extra duvets)- they seemed put out by this! However, the next morning we were given our original room which was nice.  Good size and decent sized bathroom.   Apart from that, no other major pros.  Location of the hotel was okay and busy- felt safe travelling with 2 other girls.  Hotel had no lift- not good when you've got heavy cases!  The hotel was just used as a place to sleep (as we were on a budget at that time), we explored
bubble_40	We stayed at the Sohotel for two nights in July of 2010. We would have stayed for our last two nights as well, but unfortunately they were all booked up. I think most of the people writing bad reviews on here are either competitors or just extremely nitpicky, because our stay and experience at the hotel was great.   I'll start with the negatives of which there were only a few:  Our electric went out a few times in the room; they fixed it quickly, but it went off a few more times over the next few hours whenever we plugged something in. Luckily, we saw the fuse box the staff member used to get it back on, and we just did it ourselves the next few times. Hopefully, they have since fixed the problem.  The only other "bad" thing was the coffee. It just wasn't that good at all.   Now
bubble_40	I just returned from my first trip to NYC in 19 years. My wife and I stayed here and had a wonderful time. If you want a place with some charm/character, that is walking distance to most things, this is it. The room was of course tiny, but who goes to NYC to stay in your room. Our room was quiet and clean, the staff were friendly and at the price we paid it was ideal.
bubble_40	This hotel was funky and the staff were very helpful and polite. Although the rooms were small (the charm) they were well appointed and comfortable. The location was perfect for what we were doing in the city, We had to catch an early  bus in Chinatown for a trip to Niagara Falls, so it was a very convenient location.  It was a bit noisy but it is very hard to escape the noise in New York.  I would come back here
bubble_40	The beds were very comfortable, which we appreciated after lots of shopping and sightseeing. Staff were friendly and helpful with carrying bags up the stairs. Nice rooms - a little cramped for space but not really a problem as we were out enjoying the sights, shops and restaurants most of the time. Would much prefer to stay here again than pay big prices uptown.
bubble_40	These are the good things: the beds; bed linen and pillows; funky look of the hotel interior; shower; vending machines on the corridor; luggage keep; staff; cleanliness of room; proximity to subway; free tea/coffee in the mornings; 24 hour reception  However the room was a bit small,though looked lovely. There is no lift and the outside is a bit forbidding. Some noise on the corridor during the night so I would recommend earplugs. Would definitely recommend and would return...
bubble_10	Terrible service with expensive price! Bugs found on the bed!! The front desk is very rude!
bubble_10	There's a reason they don't give you the room dimensions on the website.  The room is barely bigger than the bed.  And while they may have 24 hour concierge service, there's no phone with which to call them.  I understand this is the oldest hotel in NY, but it should also state on their site that there are no elevators.  The shower stall is barely big enough for one person and there was no where to put their fancy little bottles of shampoo or a bar of soap or a washcloth, for that matter.  If all you're looking for is a bed to crash in and don't mind walking up a lot of stairs after doing a ton of walking all day, this is the place for you.
bubble_40	This hotel is perfect for those who want a nice clean base in Soho. It's located in a safe area near to the vibrancy of Soho, China Town and Little Italy but is really quiet so you can get a good nights sleep. The rooms are quite small but have air conditioning and good storage. There isn't a restaurant on the premises but there's plenty nearby and tea and coffee are available in the hotel lobby between 7am and 11am. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to friends and/or couples but perhaps not families.
bubble_10	My partner and I stayed in this hotel as we know New York well and thought the location and reviews of the hotel were decent enough given the price point. What we experienced was awful service, we were given 2 inadequate rooms, ie after we complained we were transferred to an even shabbier, smaller room. Both were dirty, had broken drawers, hangers etc, were incredibly noisy. We have stayed in NYC many times and know what you can get for your money, we did not expect luxurious huge rooms with amazing views, we wanted a well located crash pad that was clean and had the basic things covered. We were paying for the location & the price was not unreasonable comparatively but there are better places to stay for the same price point or even less. When we complained to the manager -
bubble_50	This hotel doesn't have fancy rooms.  But it has good rooms and good prices and is in a great location.
bubble_50	Sohotel delivered 100% on its promises. We arrived at night time and the lights were pretty cool. It made the building stand out. The staff was friendly as ever and were nice but if I had to make one complaint, they weren't that knowledgeable about the downtown area activities and nightlife but there's nothing a quick search on the internet can't find so we were just fine. The place was clean and what more can you ask for. Cool design and in a great area. Will definitely go back my next time in NYC.
bubble_50	The Sohotel was exactly how it looked in the photos they have on the website. I stayed with 4 friends - it was perfect for us and it was clean with very helpful staff (especially the luggage guy who carried our 10 suitcases to our room). It's very modern with brick walls and funky reception area. Great Location for Soho too. The only problem we had was that one of the beds was broken - they fixed this right away but in the meantime gave us an additional room for us to stay in!! Excellent value for money, thanks Sohotel.
bubble_40	Arriving at the Sohotel i was very worried hearing the reviews that they have small rooms and not very clean. I was quit suprised when i arrived to see that there was some one in the lobby there to help us with our bags. As long as we didnt have to carry our bags we were ok. Also when we walked in there were two people cleaing the lobby. The lobby was really designed nice and retro, we stayed for 3 nights. The rooms were OK but the beds were extremely comfortable. I travel often on weeken trips and i can say this was the most comfortable bed i've slept in for a very long time. I can definitely say we got a good night sleep.  I think The Sohotel is definitely worth the money we spent. The area has alot of great restaurants and shopping so saving the extra bucks allowed us to
bubble_40	Confortable and pleasant stay, I would definately be back there.
bubble_20	I chose the Sohotel mostly because of its location  it was right around the corner from the venue where I would be attending a show. Also, it had been recommended as one of New York Citys best budget boutique hotels in a magazine. If it was good enough for them, it had to be good enough for me, right? Wrong! While there were some (very few) positives, my stay was unfortunately riddled with negatives.  The Good  As I mentioned, the location was perfect for me. Everything I was planning to see was in the Lower East Side. It was close to the Grand Street subway station. Also, it's a stone's throw to Canal Street and Little Italy, where I managed to wander in the morning so I could enjoy a cappuccino and pastry on the bus home.  The linens were clean. While everything else was a
bubble_30	I was very wary about staying here after reading negative reviews.  My first impressions of the hotel were not good - I was lead down a long, narrow hallway full of teenagers running in and out of eachother rooms and screeching.  It felt like I was in a college dorm.  My room was on the ground floor at the very end of the hallway.  It was tiny but clean and cosy.  I stayed for 2 nights and slept right through each night.  I wasn't disturbed by any noise at all.  Overall I had a pretty good stay - the hotel staff were courteous and the room was ok, small but with a flat-screen TV and exposed brick wall.  The location is good - there is a Wholefoods store just a few blocks up on Grammercy where you can get all kinds of nice food.
bubble_50	Some friends and I were attending a string of events proximal to the Sohotel, and after perusing Trip Advisor, I kept coming  back to this hotel (which, in the end, happened to offer the PERFECT location).  I was a bit wary after reading a few unsavory reviews, but one of my friends who I shared the room with had stayed here previously, and convinced me to ignore the inordinately negative criticism.  After my stay, I can see why she was so dead-set on booking here.  I dont like to scrimp when planning overnight  trips, but I am constantly on the lookout for the best bang for my buck, so to speak.  I found it with Sohotel.  The lobby was clean and well-kept, and its dcor was very urban chic, both of which translated entirely to the room that I stayed in.  I am very particular
bubble_50	It is the cheapest option in a  fantastic area and we loved the service that we received. The building was clean and the beds were really comfortable. Jenny at the front desk was sweet and helped us get a cab and dinner reservations. Would definitely go back.
bubble_10	stayed for business with group...told customer service i wld be receiving express mail from company in advance...despite the notification they still refused the packaged which cost me a very large deal...combined with the sub-standard housekeeping...horrible customer service personnel...I WLD NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!!!!
bubble_10	What I had hoped for was not what I received. It was an inexpensive hotel in the right area, and the loby was very cute, but that was about where the up side ended. The room smelled like an ash tray, the water in the shower kept shutting itself off, there was hair all over the bathroom floor. Mid week, the guests on our floor were being rudely loud until 4am. Calling down to the front desk three times did nothing, as did knocking on their door myself to ask they keep the noise down. The staff did nothing to accomodate our horrible experience and were rude when we called down about the noise. If you do not care about showering and sleeping, then by all means this is the place for you. I would not recomend it to anyone however.
bubble_10	It is a hotel that charged me around $170 a night, my friend called to check if I checked in and the front desk person hang up on him 3 times! when he finally got through to me, calling my international number, he called once again to ask to be transferred to my room, but guess what! THEY DO NOT HAVE PHONES IN THE ROOMS! we were both shocked, if only I was in a hostel or a cheap place! but a place that dares charge $170 per night should expect little more of itself!   My advice? STAY AWAY!
bubble_10	First of all the hotel is a way too expensive regarding its quality: VERY small bedrooms, noisy (Fire department just next to the hotel), no breakfast . We had to change twice rooms; we booked a room with two beds but as we arrived, they gave us a one bed room. Then, we changed and went to a room with two beds but there was no window except a small window in the ceiling and it RAINED in our room so that my bed was wet, Third day: fire alarm at 3 a.m because of a drunk guy who activated it and the staff was not able to stop the fire drill within the next 2o minutes. All in all, I would definitely not recommend this hotel to you even if the location is quite good five minutes away from broadway). If you decide to go there I can only wish you good luck....
bubble_10	super loud- you'll need earplugs.  amazingly small rooms, had to jump from one bed to get to the other bed and supposedly we paid extra to get a 'better/bigger' room. Lots of better hotels in NYC, don't bother here.
bubble_40	The rooms are small, and I think we had a smoking room. Other than that, it was just what we needed - a inexpensive, clean place to crash in Soho. The staff was friendly enough, the price was right, great location, and the the rooms were nice. I'll stay there again.
bubble_20	The room was fine.  The service was horrible.  The attitude at the desk was abysmal.  I feel the urge to walk out of a place when the staff treats me like an inconvenience.  There had been a mix-up about my booking and they treated me as if I was lying to me and refused to do anything to correct the mistake.  The only reason I didn't leave was because I didn't care to drag my kids around the neighborhood looking for somewhere else to stay. The room on the 200 level are pretty loud -  if you do decide to stay here, do so on the heighest floor possible.
bubble_50	excellent  hotel, the location of the hotel is great
bubble_50	As a traveling DJ/ Performer I must say this is one of the best hotels to stay in. I recently had a gig in NYC and The Sohotel was exactly where I wanted to stay & how I wanted it to be. It's right near Soho + L.E.S. and the price is unbeatable for the awesome staff service. Jenny at the front helped me figure out where we needed to go and had everything we wanted ready for when we got back from the gig. The rooms were super crisp and we had enough room for all our equipment. Will definitely stay here again when we perform in NYC in the summer.
bubble_50	The Sohotel was a wonderful experience.  I went to the Sohotel for an overnight stay.  The staff was friendly and courteous.  The place was clean and the atmosphere was welcoming.  The hotel was amazing for the value.  I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a great value in this area of NYC.
bubble_40	Stayed for one night in December 2009 for a quick trip to the lower east side.   Hotel is very close to the subway stop (about a two minute walk) and the train connects you directly to Penn station. Hotel is right in between Chinatown and Little Italy.   Very hip mod decor in the lounge. Check in was very easy-they let us check in early-and the staff was very nice and accommodating.  Room was small but very cute with the brick walls and wood floors. We were only in the room to sleep anyway, so it didn't matter that it was small, but I can see it being annoying if you're staying for several days. Room seemed clean and everything in it worked. No phone in our room so had to make local calls using a cell. Walls seem to be thin so we could hear activity going on in the hall, and the
bubble_10	I stood in 208 it was a nice room nice t.v. loved the bathroom .lobby had a beautiful decor.and it was very clean. the coffee in the morning was a nice touch. however.i did encounter an unpleasant disgruntled employee. don't get me wrong the staff was nice -1.i believe his name is Xavier. a short dark skinned young man with short hair hair but wavy on top.he was very rude with my question and concerns.he is in wrong line of employment .the hotel business is in the hospitality industry which he has none. beside that the hotel was great -1.might return just hope i do not have to deal with this  rude person on my next visit.overall it was a great experience -1.Anne Wilson.happy hoildays
bubble_40	More good than bad, but here is THE BAD: VERY NOISY ALL NIGHT LONG (night club next door, fire house a few doors down, traffic and noise in the hall).  The windows are not insulated at all (and I even had a draft one of the windy nights).  EAR PLUGS ARE A MUST!  If you are a large person, you may not be comfortable in this hotel because the hallways are narrow (if passing, one person, must turn to the side) and the room filled with the beds (which were awesome).  I am thin and I had to turn sideways to shuffle past between the beds and dresser.  THE GOOD:  The lobby and room were very clean and had trendy, updated decor, and a comfortable feel.  The beds were the best part--super comfy mattress and top quality linens!  There was plenty of hot water, good water pressure, and
bubble_30	It whas a good hotel to sleep, and the rest of the time you are in the city
bubble_20	Extremely small rooms.  This is to be expected, but I swear we were in a closet.  The water was dripping in the shower.  There was no pressure.  Lots of construction going on.  It was in between at least 3 subway stations, but all were within 20 minutes walking distance. Not so great.
bubble_50	we shared a regency plus room, 5 friends , a big room with 3 beds that was very reasonable price.the location is one of the best down town near the little italy.china town few blocks from the soho,good public transportation, just near by the hotel. the staff of the hotel was very helpfull,the hotel has a special caracter,
bubble_10	We stayed in a room with three beds, which we thought was a great bargain.  Two of us woke up with LOTS of bugs crawling all over us.  This was something that hopped off the previous night's occupants.    I understand that this is a common NYC problem but the manager was nonchalant and played the victim.  We had to argue to get our money back and they did not pay for cleaning our belongings.  They were fully booked and I would not be surprised if they let someone else sleep in that room the next night.  This is unacceptable.
bubble_40	As we walked up to the entrance the doorman ran to help us with our bags.  The professionalism started there and lasted throughout our 3 night stay.  Nice staff.  The room was a tad on the small side, but the price reflected it.  Very affordable, Clean and a  pretty good location to boot.  It has a nice trendy touch to it as well.  We were happy with it and if the price is the same when we are back in Manhattan, we'll be back.
bubble_30	The hotel is in a prime location, just a couple of blocks away from where the Chinatown Bus drops you off, and in walking distance to some excellent restaurants and shops.  The people were friendly, and will store your baggage in a locked luggage room for no fee, if you arrive before check in.  My only complaint is that it could have been cleaned a bit better (both bedsheets and toilet had hair), and the linens were very cheap.  That made me think the value wasn't so good, because it's not a cheap place, although I suppose it's good for NYC.  The cleanliness aside, it's a unique place with unusual style, nice brick, and more character than a days/holiday inn.
bubble_10	we arrived at this hotel after a long journey from england. No lift but thats wasnt a problem. The room was tiny, we had to walk around the bed one at a time. There was no iron, ironing board but then judging by the size of the room, nowhere to put it. The toilet didnt flush very well, i was sure it was going to over flow!! We looked out of the window to a very unsightly looking street, and almost got out heads took off as the window slammed shut. We were thinking about complaining and to ask to be moved to another room at this point, but then we sat on the bed and they looked like they hadnt been changed, they werent white but more grey, an dirty!! plus the long blonde hairs that were all over the top of the bed really put me off. THEN my hair straighteners didnt work, the
bubble_40	Great place to start off my time in New York, great location, felt very safe and great value.
bubble_50	We were 5 girls staying at Sohotel for 5 nights, and we all think it was great value for the money. Great location, helpfull staff, nice and clean. We had some problems with our adapters, but then the staff gave us an extra hairdryer to borrow -you know 5 girls getting ready, one hairdryer is not enough :-) i'm going back to NYC in may, and i will def. stay here again!
bubble_20	We were pleased with the location since it was close to two different subway lines and great bus routes that linked up to the city. Also we could walk to the West Village where we found lots of cool restaurants and bars.  The area felt reasonably safe because it's so lively.   Our room however, left something to be desired.  We were on the fourth floor and there's no elevator so you have to carry your bags up a staircase. No problem, but when we got to the room, we discovered that our radiator wasn't turned on, and it was literally freezing outside.  There's no in-room phone to call the desk, so down four flights we went.  Desk clerk was apologetic, got the radiator working remotely, and after 45 minutes we could take off our coats in our room without shivering.   Later that
bubble_20	I am a new yorker myself & the reason for visit to this place was because I was doing a show in the city.  The first shocker was the fact they didn't have elevators, I could've overlooked that but the room we were in felt more like a matchbox with no phones, no windows whatsoever and with horrible linen.  The plumbing in our bathroom was horrible, and to make matters worse, we were awakened by this terrible spooky noise coming from the bathroom at 3 AM, so that we had to call front desk and some guy came to our room and shut our water off.  People that are not from NYC should know that for a few bucks rxtra you could stay at some of Ny's signature hotels.  Don't let their website fool you.
bubble_40	it is a good hotel .clean and very well located. i was there with my family, we had a nice and big room with bricks. we had even a housekeeping service at the evening. the hotel in near by the little Italy, great location.
bubble_10	Stay away!!! I was bitten to death by their bedbugs. Only stayed two nights, and, two days later, am still itching away!
bubble_30	I had read the reviews of SoHotel on Tripadvisor, some really bad, some good... I decided to take my chances.  The room was very reasonable... only 128 per night (taxes included).    It was clean, the staff friendly, and only 2 blocks from Little Italy and a few more blocks to Soho.  We had room 435 - which was a bit loud, since it faced Broome street... but the A/C we ran at night drowned that out.  Clean room, ok mattress, flat panel tv, clean bathrooms... that is about all you really need when you are in NYC... we got up and left each am right after getting ready and returned only to sleep at night... If this is what you plan on doing... go for it!  Spend money elsewhere in the city :)  There IS free WI-FI in public areas and some rooms.
bubble_40	I thought the rooms were pretty basic but they were comfortable and clean.  We had lots of pillows and plenty of towels.  My teenage son would have liked more channels available on the TV but to be honest, we were not in the room that much so I would rather not pay extra to have more tv channels.  For what it cost, I was very happy our stay.  Staff was friendly, I thought the hotel was quaint looking, and most important it was clean and quiet.  The only noise we heard was a little bit of street noise and even that was not bad.  It was nice to have coffee available in the morning.
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for a few nights back in January. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I was happy that someone met me outside with a smile and checked all my bags for me right away. I had a cell phone problem and couldn't get in touch with my friend for a few hours and I didn't have enough money to check in without him, but they made me feel very at home while I waited!  I was pleased with the room, and I honestly have no idea what everyone's problem is. The room wasn't huge, but it didn't have to be. The place was very polished and charming. I was very comfortable! We honestly didn't spend much time in the hotel because we were out and about all the time anyway. I didn't have any bed bugs or anything like some people are complaining about,
bubble_40	I am from NYC, lived there 32 years then moved to London. So, I am very familiar with the neighborhood and area. I went back to NY to visit family and chose this place as a 'cheap and cheerful ' alternative to bunking out with elderly relatives.  This was an excellent choice for budget travellers, not needing huge amenities.  Clean, quirky, and inexpensive, I would gladly return.  Mind you, the reviewer complaining about the amount of TV channels in the room must have been confused, we had at least 20 channels to choose from. Besides, why would you want to spend your time in NYC watching TV??  Noise:  Average for NYC. Double glazing is not as popular here as it is in the suburbs or Europe. If what you hear in the room is noisy for you, this means you are from a suburban area, or
bubble_10	The location of the Sohotel is great, the room was a decent size for the price with a nice window and view and the shared bathrooms were clean. At first everything seemed great.  However, after returning to the room after my first night out and turning on the lights, I discovered that the room was infested with cockroaches. There were many cockroaches on the floor and walls and even cockroaches crawling on the bed and the pillow. The desk clerk would not give me a different  room and would not do anything to get rid of the cockroaches. I wanted to pay for just that one night and  check out in the morning. I  was told that my credit card had already been charged for my complete stay and the hotel  would not give me a refund. I was on a very limited budget and could not afford to
bubble_40	My family went to NYC for Spring Break and stayed at this hotel.  Not knowing too much about NYC I booked the Sohotel.  I was not disappointed.  The rooms were clean and acceptable.  Although the beds were a little hard, we did not have one bed bug bite when leaving (there were a total of 6 people).  I was concerned about the bugs after reading reviews so I paid careful attention to the children and myself.  No bites at all.  The location is perfect and how can you beat the price for a great room in NYC.  Would def stay here again.
bubble_30	The hotel has a nice look, but don't look further. Our room was not clean. Also we had bedbugs. Most of the staff is friendly. The room was very noisy. But it is in a splendid surrounding.
bubble_40	Cheap and cheerful hotel with a great location from which to explore the big apple. You get what you pay for and more. Great service. We had a room away from the street with a window and were very happy with it. Two friends had one without a window - not so good - and one friend had one with very noisy heating. Our stay was, however, perfect. You don't want to hang out in the rooms too long though as they are small - at least the standard ones. Water takes a while to come out hot. Not that many channels on the TVs and reception not always acceptable.
bubble_20	I stayed in room 201 with 4 friends on March 27 and 28. The location is ideal, the staff was nice, the room was fairly clean, and the beds comfortable and full of bugs. I have bedbug bites all over my ankles and upper thighs. Obviously, this is a whole NYC problem and not just a one hotel issue, but I feel I should warn people. I have also contacted the hotel to let them know about my encounter with the little blood suckers.
bubble_40	I enjoy staying at the SOHOTEL; the staff are wonderful, friendly and very helpful.   The rooms are small but large enough for a comfortable stay and most importantly very clean and well kept.  The location in the middle of Soho is unbeatable - with plenty of restaurants, interesting bars and good shopping.  I would recommend this hotel to any traveler...
bubble_50	I must admit, I did read all the advice before and wondered if this hotel was the right one to stay in.  My friends and I, however, decided since we were in town for a college friend's wedding, let's save on the money.  The price is perfect.    For the money we saved on the hotel, we had a great time in the city.  Yes there was noise, but it is New York.  After the wedding, all of my college friends and I enjoyed the night life, and I must admit, my friend's and I made a mess of our own.  The staff is very helpful, and they were there at our becking call.   I don't know if the previous negative reviews shook-up management to make changes to the hotel, but they really made our stay sweet.  My room was clean everyday, and anything else I needed, the staff went out of their way to
bubble_10	Both my wife and I had bed bug bites all over after staying at Sohotel. I wish I would've looked at Trip Advisor before staying at Sohotel, as what others say is true. Not only that, the staff were for the most part incompetent. For the manager to respond to that other complaint saying they only complained weeks after is ludicrous! Bed Bug bites only show up a week or more after the fact. STAY AWAY unless you want the bed bugs to bite!
bubble_10	my friend and i stayed for two nights and, upon returning home, realized that we had bedbug bites!!!!!  i apparently brought them home with me as my house is now infested, i've spent over $600 on exterminators, and when i called the hotel to inform them of this, the manager i spoke to, marco, told me that i had no proof and there was nothing he would do for me!!  DON"T STAY HERE!!!
bubble_30	As mentioned in the previous reviews this place isnt exactly deluxe but the clue is in the price. There were no phones in the room which meant we had to spend a small fortune calling home from call boxes. Also noticed that the sheets had some rips and that the towels werent always replaced fresh each day. We were in a room beside the night club which was pretty noisy but fortunately we were so exhausted from walking all day it didnt keep us up. Did cause a problem in that we had to keep the window closed and the room was swelteringly hot. No matter what we did we couldnt seem to get the room down to a comfortable temperature and spent the time sweltering in a sauna!  All said though, it was perfectly manageable for the 5 nights we were there and for the price was acceptable
bubble_40	I stayed at the Sohotel for a week and my overall experience was great. I found the place VERY clean, and very modern. All amenties are new including flat screen tv's and furniture. The place is NOT a bed and breakfast so don't expect any food - besides, in New York City, you should be out and about anyway enjoying the local food. It is a good location - bordering both Little Italy and Chinatown as well as Soho. The rooms are quite small, so don't expect the presidential suite at the Ritz Carlton. The rooms are great for families, but i wouldn't suggest sharing a room with friends as there is very little closet space. The service is fantastic, everyone is very friendly and always available. In fact, i left a very expensive and very sentimental necklace at the hotel. The
bubble_20	I stayed at Sohotel for four nights and didn't enjoy the experience. First of all, although I booked specifically a non-smoking room, the room I was offered was clearly a smoking room. When I complained, the staff showed me several other rooms, but they too were smoking rooms and one could easily smell that. It must be noted that the hotel requires full payment on arrival, so by the time I saw the rooms, I had already paid for my stay. The original room that we booked was not only smelly but also really small. There was barely a foot of space on the two sides of the bed and the foot of the bed was blocked by the dresser (far too big for the room). The room I actually moved in was a bit bigger and had an extra single bed that I didn't ask for, but it too was clearly a smoking
bubble_30	I spent one night at the Sohotel, following a friend's recommendation. The price is absolutely right - $99 for a night in Manhattan is not at all bad. The location is ok, on the edge of Chinatown. If you're seeking space or luxury, then this may not be your best bet. The room had a few inches of space on each side of the bed (at the foot of the bed this was filled by a dresser, so the best way to traverse the room was by crossing the bed). The bathroom was small but functional, though some plaster was looking worse for wear. When I returned from an evening out I found the room was uncomfortably hot, and the radiator was letting off steam loudly. I couldn't control the heat, so I opened the window a crack, which certainly cooled the room (and made it noisy). Trouble was that I
bubble_10	Our family stayed at the hotel on January 17, 2009. The price was great by NY standards, but you get what you pay for. The room was small, which was fine because we only slept there . It was  the coldest day of the year and there was literally NO HEAT in the room. Plus, the hotel is next to a bar which played LOUD, LOUD music until 4:00 AM. The music was so loud that the room literally shook.   Do not stay here if you need to sleep!!  The people at the front desk were not helpful at all!!
bubble_10	I know this is a budget place but even so you should be able to get a decent nights sleep. You wont get a wink at this Sohotel as there seem to be some fundamental problems with the design/conversion of this hotel:   1. The heating system is incredibly noisy (we tried three rooms-all very bad) it makes a loud gargling noise. In one room we tried it would occasionally make a very loud clang too for good measure.  2. The hot water for heating system runs through each room via a pipe in the corner. Because of this you can't control the heat so it's always too hot. We stayed in January and the temp outside was bellow freezing. With the heating switched off at the radiator it's still too hot to sleep even with just a sheet and the ceiling fan on.  3. Rooms on the left of the
bubble_20	Not great. If you're looking for one step up from a hostel, this is it.  When we were first shown our standard room, it was an INSIDE room, WITHOUT WINDOWS!  Can you believe it?!  They changed us to a room with a window, which was nice of them, but then we were faced with single-glazed windows (there is a fire station on the next block and on-going construction work on the hotel's facade) and a ridiculously noisy radiator.  Everything else that has been written on this site is true: check-in and anything else related to the reception desk takes 30+ minutes, even when you are the only person in the lobby.  Our logic of booking the hotel was that it was in a great location and we wouldn't spend much time actually at the hotel, but we both managed to come down with stomach bugs, so
bubble_40	We are a couple who have been to New York several times before and have stayed in midtown & downtown.  We prefer downtown so we opted to stay at the Sohotel for new year 2009.    If you expect a luxury hotel you will be very disappointed. However if you are looking for a great little hotel, away from midtown manhattan, but in a great location - you can't go wrong.  pros:  Fantastic location - feels like you are in the real New York! On first appearances doesn't look great but located on the edge of China town very near to little italy (not quite soho as the name suggests but very close). On leaving the hotel go left (NOT RIGHT) & you are straight into little Italy & Soho - lots of bars and restaurants to choose from.  (Sal's pizza - great little restaurant who do fab take away
bubble_40	I went to the Sohotel with 2 other friends. We were on a very tight budget but knew we wanted to stay in Manhattan, knew we wanted our own private bathroom, and knew we wanted to be near a subway station. This limited our options so the Sohotel seemed like the best choice. In spite of the numerous bad reviews on tripadvisor, we booked it.  I went expecting the worst, and was pleasantly surprised. The Sohotel is never going to be considered a beautiful, luxurious hotel, but that's not what it's there for. It's great value for money in a great location, and you'd be hard pressed to find en-suite rooms in Manhattan for anything cheaper. Trust me, we looked.  There were bad aspects - scaffolding is still up so we had builders right outside our window (blinds stayed shut the entire
bubble_30	At the Sohotel you are greeted with a nice flight of steps to get to reception! A good way to walk off the stiffness from flying! Just make sure use your back straps if you have a backpack!!  The room was small (as with any hotel room in New York) but verycomfortable, very clean and had a very nice big TV. Noise could beheard from the streets (but it was not an issue for us) and the roomwas cleaned daily (just remember to leave a tip!).  Hotel Staff are polite & helpful (although not overly friendly). Due to our delays we phoned ahead at LA airport to say that we were running late etc and encountered no problems due to the hotel's 24hour reception!  3 blocks away from the hotel there is a 24 hour "cafe" (more of a deli like supermarket)  serving hot and cold food, beer and the
bubble_10	First of all, do not believe the pictures they show on the website. Our room looked nothing like that. The botchy paint was peeling away and rusting and moss in the bathroom with stains everywhere. the bed was unsleepable. we asked for a change of room and they refused. to add to that the window was shut and it rained in the night. the water came through and damaged all our stuff on the night stand. mobile everything gone. while waiting for someone to listen to our complaint for 1 hour, the smoke alarms went off and no one did anything. the staff just wandered around. incredible. finally the fire brigade arrived. construction work goign on everywhere and drilling all day through. the only good thing about this place is the photographer.. his imagination to capture this hotel in
bubble_40	Had booked SoHotel for the location and as a Time Out recommendation, but then got worried over negative customer feedback. Happily, our 3 night stay was very enjoyable.  SoHotel has a great location, very helpful staff , is comfy, incredibly quiet (despite location) and it was very competitively priced.  Would go again definitely.  Despite bad knees and a heavy suitcase, the lack of elevator wasn't a problem, it's not exactly a skyscraper. Would definitely go back, and instead of looking for potentially soulless regular hotels in blander districts.
bubble_10	We stayed here based on the great reviews we'd seen on TripAdvisor, which outnumbered the bad ones for reasons I can't understand. We arrived to find that the staff were more interested in watching the Giants game rather than serve us. When they eventually got around to it they took 30 minutes to check us in. You would swear we were their first ever customers...but obviously not as when we eventually got our key and entered our room we were shocked to find another girl getting changed! I returned to reception and they spoke to me like it was my fault that I got the wrong room. Whilst I was getting asigned another room there were several other customers comaplaining about many things. I eventually got another room and it was a hell hole, the heating system made noises like from
bubble_10	this hotel is NOT recommendable at all. My room had a cockroach, I took a photo of it as evidence!!! The heating made such noise that it is disturbing. There  s no phone in the room. Next to the hotel is a bar that plays loud music, sleeping was only possible with wax earplugs in the room I had first. After complaining I got a room facing the street, which was a little better. There s constant draft from the unisolated windows. People at the front desk are unprofessional. They forgot to put my name in the computer, so when FedEx delivered a package for me I had ordered they didn t accept it and send it away. So, after all it was a really unpleasant stay, and it s NOT worth the money at all!!!
bubble_50	I was booked into this hotel for a business trip in December when everything else was booked or incredibly expensive. Found a room here for a couple of hundred bucks. Was very pleasantly surprised when I arrived. Had a massive room with two double beds, flat screen tv etc. Was slightly old fashioned but very clean and comfortable and actually quite "cool" with exposed brick walls. The staff were really helpful and organised me a cab to my office every morning of my stay. Would definielty stay here again in a shot.
bubble_40	Stayed here a week in mid sept & thought it was terrific. As for the last reviewer the staff were super friendly,desk was always attended(there were 3 of us,all guys,so you can imagine the late nights) and as for the drunks loitering,we never saw any at all(unless you count us)!! Big flat screen tv in room,50 yards from Mulberry St,room was cleaned & fresh towels left EVERY DAY. My only gripe was no A/C in our room and it was a very warm week in the city. But hey for the price & location it can't be beat. Would stay here again.
bubble_10	This is the oldest motel in nyc...it has tenants who pay $80/month because of the new york state rent low-income laws passed in the 1970's, so it's not only a motel but also a low-income tenement...no elevators...no cable tv...no telephone...no smoke detectors...no one at the front desk at 3:37 am...no towels...no in-room safe...no doorman (many drunks come to loiter at night) basically this motel should be open to the public to stay for FREE
bubble_50	Great hotel in a fantastic loaction and at a great price! I would stay here again in a heartbeat. For a long weekend away of just wandering and eating, the Sohotel was the perfect hotel for us. No denying the room was small and the flights of stairs up a bit tough for my stupid suitcase, but the staff was very accomodating, friendly, and helpful. Even the other people staying in the hotel were nice! A short walk to Little Italy for espresso and pastries, museum-going at the ICA, and convenient subway stops.
bubble_40	The Sohotel is perfect if you are looking for an amazing location, great bang for your buck and the friendliest hotel staff in NYC. Honestly, I don't know what else you could be looking for than that. Maybe if you want something fancy with a pool and a fitness center it might not be for you; otherwise, it's perfect.  First off, the location cannot be beat if you are looking for hip neighborhoods and an endless bar/restaurant scene. Out the front door to the right and south, Chinatown; to the left, Little Italy; a few blocks anywhere north is Soho and NoLita. It may look a little sketchy, but we felt safe the whole time, even at night and a little "happy" from the cool bars down the street.  Second, the staff were the friendliest I've met in a long time, which was refreshing and
bubble_50	Our experience with the Sohotel could not have been better!  When I called to make a reservation for our 5 night stay I was told they were fully booked for what we needed, the lady on the phone "moved some things around" and was able to work us in.  We got a room for 5 that had 2 full size beds and one twin bed.  The room was very clean, not a bug in sight, no dirt or dust, bed linens were clean, and the bathroom was equally clean.  The room was on the 4th floor and was very quiet.  Housekeeping did a very nice job everyday of cleaning up and keeping us well stocked with clean towels, soap, and toilet paper.  All the staff was very friendly, greeting us everytime we saw them, making conversation with our kids.  They were always very helpful in telling us where to find things in
bubble_20	As you probably know, there's not many affordable hotels in Manhattan, and this was the best priced for the location...HOWEVER, for a one night stay and the issues that went with it, it's not worth it.  First, we had reserved online, however, when we got there, there was no record that we had made reservations. Thankfully, I printed them and that's the only way we wouldv'e gotten a room. We weren't the only ones with issues: 3 or 4 other groups were in the lobby at different times complaining about one thing or another. Also, if you're not paying attention, you may not find this place...it was hidden by contruction to the face of the building.  The room was big enough for the bed only, and had no windows, with the AC not working properly. There's also no phone to call down to
bubble_30	We like to stay in the nieghborhoods away from uptown when we come to new york, so this was perfect....within walking of chinatown, little italy, soho, all of them.  there was a subway stop just a block over. the hotel itself is a little shoddy looking, but we found it clean and the bathrooms were totaly remodeled and done in marble and very clean.  i had an odd experience in having a pear earring go down one of the overflow holes in the sink..and three of the staff members spent an entire morning methodically dismantling the entire sink and pipes to retrieve it...and they did so cheerfully!!!!  i was stunned. all the staff were friendly.  the ony thing i would suggest would be something other than coffee in the lobby at breakfast time....maybe juice and pasteries.  the room was
bubble_10	I have stayed here before and it was fine. This time was not!  Day after just one night stay, I started getting welts and bites covering my arms and torso, itch like nuts! Me angry!!!    Don't go here!!
bubble_50	This hotel was conviently located to Canal street and Little italy. The staff is friendly and the rooms are clean and comfortable. We will definatly stay again!!!!!!
bubble_40	Outside appearance not good, but do not be put off, steep steps to enter and no lift, but plenty of staff to help with luggage etc. Nice reception area and staff helpful. Could do with coffee / tea on tap 24/7 only have it in the mornings, no drink facilities in rooms. Our room was small but as described, very clean with wooden floors and a brick feature wall. Generally quiet although there is a night club / bar that could be heard on the friday night to about 3.00AM, other nights fine Tue - Thur Locatoion is excellent close to lille Italy plenty of restaurants, China town and main broadway street. Felt really safe walking around in the evenings no trouble what so ever.   Good price, nice staff, good location rooms clean and tidy but just a bit small, still never in it as plenty
bubble_50	The Sohotel was what I would call ideal for a city break to New York, Having done my research I knew what to expect upon my arrival No Elevator, Flight of Stairs to reception so I knew I would have to be carrying my suitcase up stairs so I prepared myself for that (doing a few curls with my bag!!!). Checking in was easy and straight forward. The room was nice and simple with everything required for a city break, nice bed, pleasent bathroom AC and a fan to keep cool. There was scaffolding on the outside that restricted the view however if it's to improve the appearence then fair enough. The location is ideal right in the heart of China Town and little Italy perfect for dining and drinking with the sights not too far away, perfect. The house keeping was good and with the turn down
bubble_10	This was booked by a client for a business trip.  After arriving after midnight due to a long flight from the west coast, we waited more than 40 minutes on a bench in the lobby while the very rude front desk person attempted to call our clients' office (obviously closed) to verify that the credit card they had booked the room on was ok to actually charge.  This was in spite of the fact that the client had filled out an authorization form required by the hotel and faxed it to them directly as well as sent us a copy that we presented.  During our long stay in the lobby, many homeless people came in to watch the tv, sleep on the couches, and lounge in the chairs with their shoes off.  The staff did not ask them to leave.  They were in some cases openly drunk or belligerent.  There
bubble_30	I understand why this hotel has mixed reviews. First of all, let me say, for the price, this is a pretty darn good choice for NY. And remember, you get what you pay for....  If you don't plan on spending a ton of time in your hotel room, this place is fine. The rooms are clean and the staff was helpful. Our double room was a nice size and had a nice plasma TV. Beds were hard and the bathroom tiny, but again, we didn't spend much time there. There are no elevators, but the bell man will be happy to get your bags up the stairs. And again, the price is fantastic. Don't expect the W, or even the Hyatt....but it's not too bad.  Best part of hotel: LOCATION. Next door to Little Italy, few blocks from SoHo and near Broadway/Canal. We love to shop in SoHo, so this hotel was perfect.
bubble_40	Stayed here for a week in April and had a great time. The staff were friendly when we booked in and the room was big with lovely comfy beds and very clean.  The hotel was in a great location for us. We loved the Lower East Side and Little Italy areas - both had great bars and restaurants. The subway was close by and was quick, cheap (especially for us coming from London) and convenient.  I'd definitely stay at the Sohotel again. It doesn't have loads of amenities (and in New York who wants to spend hours in a hotel room anyway?) but it was very good value in a great location.
bubble_10	The first problem was that they told me I wasn't registered and the confirmation number was not the kind of numbering they used.   I had to fire up the laptop and physically show them the confirmation before they agreed that I was registered. Guess they don't know what they're confirmation numbers look like.   I almost got a parking ticket because this process took so long to resolve. Had a kindly meter person give us a break.   Then, one person at the desk told me they didn't know of any parking lots in the area where I could get a break on parking, even though this was advertised when I booked the room. Eventually, someone told me how I could get a reduced parking rate.   Then, they booked me in a room over a bar or club that played really loud music until 2am. I mean REALLY
bubble_10	First of all, no elevator. The only way my computer would work, was to sit in the hallway to get a good signal! Coffee was suppose to be in the lobby, only 2 of our 4 days was there ever coffee. They made one pot, if you did not get there by 7:30, it was gone. The 2 days I was there early enough, there was only powdered cream, no sugar of any kind. I would ask the girls at the desk, who looked at me like I was asking for a tennis bracelet, but only sugar! The answer was, "if its not there, we dont have it". Our room was not even 8x8. You could not walk around the bed at all. This was it for 4 days! Also, the outside was under constuction, so no view. I would never stay here again.
bubble_10	March 19,2008   My daughter and I had one horrible night at this terrible hotel. It is hard to point out the worse part of this night but I will say that it was our next door "neighbor"  At midnight they decided to have a party with their door open and a CD player blasting. After an hour and I suppose someone got up from bed and went to the front desk. Yes, ! there was no phone in the room. We had no cell phone so we felt like prisoners. When we arrived a "worker" was in our room watching Telemundo  TV sitting on the bed, telling us the room was not ready though we had a key.. no kidding and he was hanging around us in a spooky way. Everywhere we went, we would see this spooky though pleasant Ichobod Crane. To get to the lobby you had to walk up a lot of stairs. No elevator. I
bubble_40	We booked by location and price. The hotel was priced right and had everything we needed. It might be a little rough around the edges for some, but it's obvious improvements are being made. The building is charming and the staff was great. Little Italy is right around the corner, China Town down the street, Soho within blocks and Broadway shopping a short walk. It really is in the middle of it all . We spent five days in the city and all travel was by subway or foot from our hotel.
bubble_20	We were checked into a room that had not been cleaned from the previous occupants.  The room was not nearly as nice as the pictures on the website and we paid for a superior room, so who knows what rooms they took the pictures of for the website. We left our luggage and returned later to a clean room but the heating pipes were on full blast and the room was a sauna. The windows are in pretty bad shape too so the room was very noisy from passers by and traffic all night. In addition there is scaffolding outside the windows so whilst we stayed on a Saturday night we didn't get any further disturbance - I would imagine weekdays would be worse. There is posters up warning you of workman noise from 8am!! but they do not tell you before you book and arrive.
bubble_10	Myself and 3 other friends stayed at the hotel for two nights.  We stayed in a room with 3 beds.  I assume the hotel was extra clean as it smelt of bleach, not the most pleasing smell out there.  We arrived extremely early, so they allowed us to keep our bags/luggages in the closet, but wouldn't let us check in until 3:00 PM, which was fine with us.  The hotel does not have any elevators, so when we did check in, we had to carry our luggage up 2 flights of stairs, good excercise I guess!  Not at all accessible for a person with a disabilty.  The two horrible experience was being woken up.  On Saturday we were woken up at 3:00 AM as the people next door to us blasted the TV and were screaming and having a good time I assume.  They were doing everything except sleeping!!!!  We had
bubble_40	I read so many mixed reviews about Sohotel I was almost nervous checking in!  Fortunately I was prepared that there are no elevators and some of the rooms are small.  Knowing that I found it to be an amazing experience!!  The hotel has so much character because it is so old yet it is amazingly clean!  The staff is incredible!  From refrigerating our left overs to storing our luggage as well as happy to accomodate us with a late check out I can't say enough about the staff!  Every time we walked in or out we were greeted with countless smiles and friendly faces!  The location of this hotel is AWESOME!  Although we are from NY we were not familiar with that area at all.  You are in Chinatown more so than Soho.  Little Italy is 2 blocks away.  Nolita is about 5 blocks away.  There
bubble_50	The Sohotel was wonderful.  The rooms were beautiful, the location was perfect especially for shopping.  The bathrooms were great, they looked to be  newly remodeled with hot water and very clean.  Go to the web site and look at the pics.  The hotel looks just like that.  And to top it all off the staff is very helpful and knowledgeable about the area. All in all us 4 women from Cincinnati were very pleased to have found our New York home.  Thanks Julio for helping us with all of our luggage!!
bubble_20	After a nightmare first night in an awful tiny room with broken blinds, facing the street and scaffolding, blazing uncontrollable heat from the radiator - they couldn't fix it - we were moved to a quite nice, quiet, decent room for the second night - couldn't believe it was the same hotel. So accept no crap and you should be ok. Graham
bubble_50	Me and my daughter spent the weekend at this hotel and was very pleased! We flew up to NY to do some shopping and this hotel is in a great location for anything.So much is in walking distance and if you dont want to walk a taxi is always close.The staff at this hotel was friendly,helpful,and very courtious! I recommend this place for a home away from home in NY! I will be going back up to NY as a weekend is not enough time to see everything,and I will stay at sohotel!
bubble_10	Stayed here after a business trip to Boston, thought it would be nice to spend the weekend in New York.  We finished our business early so phoned the hotel and asked if we could get the two rooms we booked for an extra night and werfe told that it was ok and all booked for me.  When we turned up they'd cancelled the Friday night for me, no booked the extra night for my business partner.  I then spent the next 20 minutes trying to explain to the scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz (No Brain), what I wanted.  Afetr about an hour I told them to cancel the booking and we'd find somewhere else as they obviously couldn't do something simple like book two rooms for that night. then they managed to get us the extra rooms.    *Be Warned* there are no lifts in the hotel so if you're on the
bubble_50	My mother and I really enjoy going to New York in December to experience the Christmas festivities.  However, the hotel prices can sometimes turn you off.  Not anymore!!!!  I found this wonderful little hotel called Sohotel located in the SoHo neighborhood blocks from Little Italy and Chinatown.  This is the most fabulous place to stay with a great price tag!  We paid $218 a night, unheard of in New York at Christmas.  This quaint hotel is on Broome St in a quiet, somewhat residential neighborhood.  It is very clean and nicely decorated.  Our room had 2 queen size beds that were very comfortable, very clean, updated bath, a small flatscreen television and service that was stellar!!!!!!!  I cannot say enough about this hotel and it's staff.  They were very courteous, helpful and
bubble_50	Staying at the SoHotel added to my great experience in New York. I truly believe that hotel staff make the difference between a good experience and a bad one.  We were treated with respect and courtesy by the SoHotel's amazing and friendly staff. They met all our needs in a timely fashion and helped us feel at home.  The hotel was clean and organized, which made it comfortable to relax there.  We spent a lot of time with the staff, asking for directions and just chatting with them as we waited to head out. For that reason, I would like to mention specific staff members who really made our trip an enjoyable one. They are Julio, Jose, Jessi, and another wonderful lady whose name slipped my mind.  If you want to pick a great hotel located in an accessible location with over-the-top
bubble_10	This was a hideous experience from start to finish.  On arrival you are welcomed by a large and steep staircase, the first of several to your room and no way to get your luggage up the stairs - so, if you are disabled in any way, or are travelling with a large suitcase - forget it!  Don't ask for assistance with this - you'll be treated with contempt.  This hotel claims to have coffee and tea services in the lobby.  You can ask for them to 'wheel it out' but it will take them longer than an hour (it is obviously very inconvenient) and the receptionist will keep you waiting in the loby for that long, while she talks on the phone playing with her hair - clearly, she has better things to do than her actual job!   Secondly, don't both tipping the cleaners. They will take the money
bubble_40	I am always fascinated by the different experiences people will have in the same hotel! The only thing that I can agree with from the negative reviews is that, yes, there is definitely thumpin' and bumpin' from the club below until 4am! We were in room 232 directly above the club, and even though our sleep might have been fitful, we managed to SOMEHOW live through it. My sleep would have been infinitely more disturbed by traipsing around in the middle of the night to demand a new room!  And other than the music, our stay at the Sohotel was GREAT! Our room which was long and narrow,  had high ceilings, wood floors and an exposed brick wall that added to the charm. Furnishings were at a minimum, due to the narrowness of the room, but it easily accomodated 4 women and a weekends
bubble_30	My friend and I were booked for three nights. When we arrived on the first day we were a little dismayed to find such a flight of stairs from the sidewalk outside to the lobby, BUT a man came down immediately and not only took our luggage to the lobby but all the way up (and I do mean ALL the way UP) to the 4th floor where our room was.   The room was TINY. And I do mean TINY. But I didn't come to NYC to sit in a hotel room so no complaints. We had a double bed, two end tables, a chest of drawers (with TV on top), and a chair all within about an 8x9 room. LOL But the bathroom was pretty and the furniture matched and was pretty nice.  The room was also hot. At some point I broke down and turned on the air conditioner which wasn't the best in the world but not the worst either.
bubble_10	We were looking for a (relatively) reasonably priced hotel for Christmas in NYC and thought we had found one.  Not worth the money saved!  The first night our room (rm 300) was literally right beside the stairs.  I couldn't sleep because people were going up and down the stairs all night.  It was loud.  The next morning, I tried to take a shower- no water pressure.  The water literally trickled down the wall.  There were 2 temperatures, scalding or freezing.  The only way I could get the shampoo out of my hair was to have my boyfriend pour cups of water on my head from the sink in the bathroom.  We asked to switch rooms and they did, even putting our luggage in the new room while we were gone.  The new room (rm 228) had a better shower head and water pressure, but no face
bubble_10	AWFUL!!!!  You know when you go to a place and one thing right after the other starts happening?  And at first youre not upset..but then things KEEP happening.    A group of us were there for three nights.  We each paid for a night with a different credit card.  First, we walked into our room (2 double beds and 1 twin) to discover the beds had no blankets on them.  Fine.  We will let them do their thing and we will just grab a bite to eat and come back.  Came back, the room had bee heavily sprayed with some scent and we noticed a roach had been smooshed on the ceiling above one of the beds.  Gross!  Next morning we discovered that the shower ran intervals where it was extremely cold and extremely hot.  Not the most pleasurable experience.  We also woke to discover that one girl
bubble_10	We stayed here for a total of 5 nights recently.  When we checked in at 11pm the first night, very jetlagged, we were given a room that was directly over a nightclub. The room itself was decent enough but we could clearly hear the music and feel the bass. I don't mind the odd bit of noise but this was absolutely ridiculous. After complaining, they offered to ask the club to turn the music down but they couldn't even think about moving us to a different room until the shift had changed over for another hour. Not really what you want to hear when you are jetlagged and just want to sleep. After complaining again, we were moved to a miniscule room on the third floor, facing outwards.   I don't mind the odd car noise and even though the room was small, it would do. Unfortunately the
bubble_40	We were in NYC for the marathon and stayed at the Sohotel.  I almost didn't stay there because of a review that said they were unfriendly but we did anyway.  Thank goodness!  We had nothing but friendly service.  The doorman greeted me and after I checked in he carried my luggage up to the 4th floor.  We stayed in room 451.  It was small but clean and very cute.  We forgot a hairdryer, they gave us one for the weekend to use.  We didn't know our way around the city, they gave us maps and great directions.  They don''t have a concierge but did call cabs for us and offered to call anywhere we needed to check on reservations.  The only drawbacks (and the reason I only gave it 4 stars) was that there was no phones, radios or clocks in the room.  They did however have a high
bubble_30	It was a Columbus Day long weekend, so there was not much of a choice. We stayed at the Sohotel, which is actually located in Chinatown and not at Soho.  Nevertheless, the location is good and only 2 minutes to the nearest subway. We got a HUGE room (2 queen beds) which was lately been renovated , so everything was brand new and clean. It was on the first floor and the room was very quiet. There is a free coffee in the morning near the reception (however there is no real lobby)
bubble_40	great location very clean good staff free storage free coffe in the morning
bubble_10	Is this hotel actually in the hospitality business?   Our impression from our arrival until our early departure after we had found another hotel, was of an attitude of  unfriendliness and "couldn't care less".    The entrance of this hotel opens onto an upward flight of stairs:  We arrived with 2 heavy suitcases and several bags.   There was somebody from the hotel staff outside the entrance , busy talking on his cell  phone.    After we had struggled up the staircase with the heavy suitcases, he reluctantly brought up 2 small ones, and asked me if I couldn't carry more.   Some reception!   Then we came to the room  we had requested a quiet room which we were assured that it was.    Apart from the fact that the window was stuck and  needed a Herculean effort  to open it, it
bubble_20	Sohotel's a pretty small, cramped place currently undergoing some renovations. I stayed in an apparently renovated room; it was very small indeed, with space for nothing more than a bed and a chest of drawers, on which the (large) TV rested. The room had no table, telephone, internet access or clock/radio, and so is not a good option for business travelers (although there is free, fast wifi in the lobby - it doesn't reach the rooms). There were also issues with water pressure, and supply of hot water to my shower (I had two cold showers on a four day stay). There is no restaurant or room service, and what other travelers say about noise from the corridors - the flooring is laminate boards, not carpet - is absolutely true.  But if you're on a budget (although Sohotel's not that
bubble_30	We stayed here for 5 nights  - the hotel is ideally located, we walked everywhere and was easy to find.The room itself was very small - we were on the 3rd floor - very clean though small.... very noisy with people walking down the corridor- alot of noise comes thru the door so we were woken with late revellers returning to the hotel. The bed we had was not the best either.... aleways squeeked when you rolled over and the mattress was covered with a plastic cover which also made a noise... so least to say we did not get alot of sleep. Though for the price paid it was okay...If you are looking for 4 star Plus don't stay here this is no where near any of that, clean reasonably comfortable, good location - thats about it.....
bubble_40	We just returned from a weekend in NYC.  The area immediately surrounding the hotel itself is not the best, it borders China Town but you are within walking distance of Little Italy, Soho and Grenwich Village.  Four of us went and we had a room on the Hotel's first floor which is actually the Second Floor.  The room was large with three beds, a Large Flat screen, 15' ceilings with a fan, Natural brick wall and hardwood floors.  The room was clean however it was a little noisy, Broome and Bowery is a busy intersection.  Front desk was freindly.  We would stay there again.
bubble_50	If you are looking for a no-frills, but totally-worth-the-price type of hotel, the Sohotel might be for you.  What it lacks in street presence, and the fact that there is a long stairway or two to traverse, it more than makes up for with a great location, a perfectly fine room, easy access to subways, and employees that give far more than most.  My 17 year old daughter and I (a female) stayed at the Sohotel for two nights and we were not disappointed.  Our room was more than adequate; exactly what I had expected based on comments I'd read online that seemed measured and fair.  We felt completely safe, were two blocks from charming Little Italy, and we found the staff very helpful.  They will even hold your luggage for you after check out so that you can maximize your time in the
bubble_40	we have just returned from san francisco we stayed there also in a budget hotel we had the fear that the sohotel will be the same adventure.but we where quiet surprise, the sohotel was very clean.one of the best location in mahattan,the staff was very helpfull, the rooms are small but clean and well maintained, we saw much bigger rooms but it is another $40  extra a night , se we decided to stay in the smaller room and we realy had an enjoyable stay,i must say that was worth the money
bubble_10	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at.. It is so small you can't turn around in it. Twin beds were horrible, there were bed bugs in our beds and we were bitten. We asked for our money back after the first night and they would not refund us. They did move us to another room but it was a horrible experience. There aren't even telephones in the rooms or a clock radio. We asked someone to wake us up for our flight home, they didn't. Then when we asked themto call us a cab the guy working the front desk just took our bags and put them in his car. We were too late to argue, then he charged $61 to take us to the airport and took us to the wrong gate area and dropped us off. I would never recommend this to anyone and I have a dispute filed with American Express to see if
bubble_30	My husband and I just came back from the Sohotel and found it was a good place to stay even if this is an average hotel. We knew that we would be outside almost all the time, so we mostly wanted a clean place to stay. The bed sheet, the washroom and the room were very clean. Tiny and clean. I was concern with some previous comments about bedbugs, and fortunatly we didn't have any.  The bed was confortable enough, not the best but not bad either. The service was ok but not bad.  What would you expect at this price, the Waldorf-Astoria?  Yes, $180 a night is expensive but for NYC this is a good price. Would we go back? Yes. Would we recommend it? Yes, only to the people who don't expect too much of an hotel of this price.
bubble_40	My wife and I are occasional travelers, but we certainly appreciate clean accomodations and friendly attendance any time ! Stayed at the Sohotel for 10 days and never felt more comfortable and welcome. We decided to write this, not only to thank the staff but also to reccomend the place !  The unique blend of the past architectural features and the modern renovations, gives to you a different sensation among other hotels choices; anywhere in Manhattan !  Once we get home, we'll share the experience with our friends in Italy and thank them again for sending us there....! Ciao, ...until December....
bubble_10	Sohotel is not a hotel. It is about equal to tenement housing dating back to the early 1900's. My whole body is covered in bedbug bites. I  actually SAW the bugs in the bed numerous times. If you have children, allergies, or other health problems, DO NOT stay here. Actually do not stay here at all, save yourself from having to go to the doctor and having to dealing very rude, aggressive, and careless staff.
bubble_50	The SoHotel is a no-frills, get-what-you-pay-for joint at the corner of Broome & Bowery, about 5 or 6 blocks (ish) from the former CBGB site.  It's a 40floor walkup in the Lighting district, and is itself above an old lighting store.  It is not much to look at, and offers even less in the service department.  It is, however, awesome.  Although it is not advertised as such, the SoHotel is the oldest hotel in New York City.  It's in a part of SoHo that allows for a 5 min walk to old Little Italy, Chinatown, and the aforementioned CBGB site or Joey Ramone place.  Broome is not that far south of Houston, and therefore offers a short walk to a NYC Must-see, Katz's Deli (where Harry met Sally, for those of you interested in such things.)  The entire neighbourhood around SoHotel is
bubble_40	I went to the sohotel with a group of girls for a long weekend we couldnt falt the room or service we had tea brought to our room in mornings the receptionist were great i would def go back there we have to say a big hi to  Pedro he is brill
bubble_10	The only thing good about this place is the location...  That's it.  Put is this way, the first thing I did when I got into the room was check the fire escape map on the back of the door because I was sure the place was going to burn down or something else horrible was going to happen.  From there, I decided to shower.  There was both scalding hot water and freezing cold water...nothing in between.  Two days of cold showers--that was fun.  The bed was lumpy and of questionable cleanliness.  I've read other reviews of bed-bugs--luckily I'm not itchy...yet.  The air conditioner was so dusty that it looked like it may have been picked up off the street and stuck in the window.  One night we came back and there was a guy sleeping in the lobby like it was Penn Station.  There was not
bubble_40	I went to NY with a friend and we wanted something downtown, but not expensive. The Sohotel fit the bill perfectly.  We didn't have any bedbugs in our room. I read reviews that said the place is noisy and it is. Lots of street noise, which has pretty much been the case in every NY hotel I've stayed at. I came prepared with earplugs, so I was able to sleep very well. Our room was clean, the bedding was fresh, no stains.  The shower temperature was hard to control, but that wasn't too much of a problem. Our TV had cable and good reception. They have really good coffee in the lobby in the morning, which I didn't discover until our 2nd day there.  I think that the Sohotel is a good value for the money. I would stay there again.
bubble_10	This hotel was not a nice place to stay and here is why:  1.  The staff is not helpful.  The day before we were to leave I asked if they had an alarm I could borrow-since there are no phones in the room a wake up call was not an option.  They said 'no', they didn't have one.  But, they could give a wake-up knock on the door.  I scheduled one for 5:00am.  Luckily I woke up on my own at 4:45 (not difficult as the constant sirens and traffic that you hear throughout the night make it difficult to sleep in the first place) because they never came to for the wake-up knock.  When I went downstairs to check out no one was there.  The phone was ringing, I called out 'hello' but no answer.  I waited 15 minutes in the lobby before a man came out from a room behind the front desk rubbing
bubble_10	1. The room was really tiny with hardly enough room to walk around the bed.  2. The bed was definitely one of the least comfortable mattresses I've ever slept on. 3. Terrible tv reception so could hardly even watch the news in the morning. 4. They are undergoing construction so be prepared for noise during the day. 5. There is no elevator so be prepared to climb stairs -- 1 flight to reception and then 1-3/4 to your room. 7. Very limited amenities -- I asked for an iron but they didn't have any at the desk so I'm glad I decided to steam my clothes in the shower because I never received one.  8. Management has no sense of customer service. I had a layover and Detroit and after waiting 4 hours (due to delays) for my connection to New York, I found out the airport was shut down and
bubble_10	First off this is a hotel for people who have little luggage. The hotel has no elevator and the stairs are quite steep. The staff was very rude and not accomodating to our needs. Their is no complementary coffee in the morning and no phones in the room to call the front desk. Also, the parking garage is a block away so if you have luggage, it is not pleasant to drag it across the street. Our television wasn't working and the bedspreads had stains on them. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel whatsoever.
bubble_10	The price was right, the hotel staff were nice, and the place was clean.  But the first room we stayed in (#310) had bed bugs. The manager was good about it and gave us another room.  The second room (#405) seemed to be free of bugs, but loud construction started around 8am every morning (including Saturday) 2 doors down, and it lasted until after 6pm.  Since we like to go out at night when we're in NY, we ended up getting little sleep. If not for the bed bugs, it would deserve an average rating, but now we're worried we brought the bugs home.  We'll probably call a professional, so we didn't really save any money staying at Sohotel.  My vote?  Not worth it.
bubble_20	Could have been lovely, close to perfect....The room was cheap and look clean... But there was Bed bugs....If your are allergic to any bugs bite don't go there.  I'm still recovering  and I hope I didn't bring them back home.
bubble_40	Though the double bed room was pretty small, and the hotel was short on 'extras', who needs them when you're in NYC?  The room we had was clean and appeared 'new' (it seemed that the hotel was undergoing renovations at the time).  With one exposed brick wall, and recently done hardwood floors, I was pleasantly surprised.
bubble_40	I wasn't too sure about this hotel given some of the reviews. No bedbugs, no cockroaches. Yes you do have to walk up stairs but not a big deal. The room was extremely clean and much more than I expected for being a budget hotel. This hotel is within walking distance to Little Italy and Chinatown. Safe neighborhood. I have two minor complaints. The directions given from Newark Airport were inaccurate including fares listed. I had to pay more to get there and got lost following website directions. The other complaint was the room I reserved was not the room I got. When I asked to change they said they were all booked up and offered no apology or alternative.
bubble_30	Not having a window or phone made the small room a little clausterphobic but despite that the hotel was clean and the renovated room was fine for the purpose.  The staff are fantastic- really nice.  Just make sure you are away from the renovations on the 4th floor - I was awakened by jack hammering on a Sunday morning.  The M bar downstairs is a little bizarre - the owners are nice but a little creepy when drunk.  Close to Little Italy, Chinatown and the Lower east side so if you are into alternative culture I would say its a great location!
bubble_50	One of the few hotels in NY without any cockroaches which was very surprising since NY is a cockroach infected city :)  Very clean and inexpensive, has rooms for up to 5 people to stay. Very friendly staff, I was there for a week with 4 girlfriends and felt very safe and appriciated the cleanliness! Rooms are very nice also, the location is great, close to subway and it is in little Italy walking distance to chinatown where you have to go to shopping when you are in NY. If you wanna leave the windows open at night it might get a little loud since it is a busy neighborhood but we had a great working AC in the room so we didn't have to open it :) Would recommend to anybody, I am happy to finally have found a great hotel in NY for a great price!
bubble_50	I must admit, following the comments of some people on this website, we were panicking big time! But on arrival, despite the first room being too small for an 8 day stay, they moved us to a larger room with no problems at all and it was a great room, exposed brick walls, large window, air con and ceiling fan, huge marble bathroom with large marble shower cubicle, tv, wardrobe, two bedside cabinets and a large chest of drawers, they even lent me a hairdryer for the duration of our stay.. The room was cleaned every day, with fresh bedding and towel, EVERY DAY! When you walked in the door at the front of the hotel, you could smell the freshly cleaned aroma of disinfectant. The staff were lovely, polite and helpful.  Free tea and coffee in reception each day.  For the money, it is
bubble_40	Good Points:  We are on a tight budget and wanted to stay in Manhattan, but all the hostels were booked up, so next on our list was the Sohotel. For the money, it is brilliant. The rooms are small, but are clean and more than cormfortable. The location is superb. Walking distance to Ground Zero, Statue Liberty etc..., and great for Italian food, with Mulberry Street just around the corner. Subway to Uptown is only a block or two away, so it was perfect.  Bad Points:  We were woken up on our first morning by a wall being knocked down. There appears to be some building work going on at the moment. We complained, and when we returned from our day out, they had moved all our stuff to a much nicer room, so that was ok. the aircon can be a bit noisy, and the walls are a little thin,
bubble_30	We have just returned from a trip to New York where we stayed at the Sohotel.  We were booked in there by our airline and were amazed at how helpful and friendly the staff were.  The rooms were clean and neat and contained all that we needed for a stay in New York.  Although perhaps smaller than many out of town rooms, compared to what we have experienced on previous trips to NYC it was more than adequate and it certainly met our needs.    The location is excellent and it is not far to the subway which is by far the best way to travel in this big city.  There are lots of restuarants and shops nearby and we were amazed at the friendliness (and honesty) of the local people from this area.  We appreciated it so much that when we went back to NYC before returning home we again chose
bubble_10	Booked this hotel as it was located close to Little Italy and also because the website said that they had suites. On arrival I was told that they didn't have any suites!!  I was travelling with my mother and aunt and wanted them to have the bedroom whilst I would sleep on a sofa bed in the lounge area, but we would all be together in the same room as they are elderly.  The only solution the hotel offered was to place a sheet between the two beds as a room divider!?!?  No ice machine, no help with bags, no lift, steep stairs, very noisy, plumming problems, staff disinterested. Thoroughly unsatisfactory.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Sohotel two nights, from May 6-8.  It was not luxurious, but it was very, very clean.  The staff were very nice and easy to deal with, especially Gene, who was fabulous.  There are no "extras", for example, a clock, a telephone, but there is a TV and everything in the place - beds, sink, faucets, was strong and of great quality.  You have to remember that Manhattan is very expensive and this hotel was quite reasonable for the area.      You are a few blocks from Chinatown, which is a totally great experience with wonderful, really cheap restaurants and a short subway or cab ride from many other wonderful places - mostly more expensive.      We would definitely stay there again.               Dalya and Mike
bubble_40	We were pleasantly suprised!!!  Based on previously entered comments, we were not sure what to expect.  However, the Sohotel was extremely clean, very comfortable, & the staff were courteous & helpful!  The rooms are small but that is typical when traveling in NY city on a budget.  We were close to the subway & public bus stop so traveling throughout the city was easy.  We were able to walk to the WTC site, financial district, & the ferry to go to the Statue of Liberty.  The Sohotel is located in the intersection of Little Italy, China Town, & Soho so there were plenty of great places to eat at reasonable prices.  The Sohotel is also located near Canal Street which is a great place to shop.  And yes, as others have commented, you can hear people in the hallways of the hotel -
bubble_20	I stayed at this hotel on a birthday trip to New York. The hotel seems to be clean and has charm. When I checked in, I was told I could not have the room I reserved because the maid had left early and it wasn't clean. Then I heard I ain't cleaning it from the other desk clerk. They did offer me a room at a discounted rate. The discount was because the room did not have a window.  The room was small, you had to step up 12 inches into the bathroom, and the 13 inch TV had rabbit ears. I had no problem with street noise because we didn't have a window.  There was a lot of hall noise. The room was clean and the mattress offered a plastic cover under the sheet. I thought this was a nice touch given that it's a cheap hotel. The walk to Little Italy and SOHO shopping isn't bad.
bubble_40	i had some hell of a time at the sohotel,the room i had was big.it had 3 beds and the staff was alot of help with our bags! i didn't think i would ever find a room like this without giving my arm or leg, but the price was real good and we had fun at the car show!!!!!              thank you sohotel.....: }
bubble_20	The location was great- right in SoHo, but the hotel itself was not that great. You do get what you paid for in NYC but I would not stay here again. I was on the top floor and the hallways were clean and such, but no elevator and no one ever offered to help with bags.  The room was very small, but then again you get what you pay for!  They did store my bad for no charge the next day though.  Nice staff.
bubble_10	We spent 2 weeks in the US and the sohotel was the worst experience we had. The bed was very small on the first room, where we found hairs  (we strongly suspct they don't change them every time a new guest comes in). If you look for sleeping at night don't go there!! it's very noisy, depending on rooms. At the 3re sleeples night we asked for a quieter room and we got a room without window, for the same 'cheap' price of 188 dollars. We still wonder if it's legal to rent rooms without windows. The front desk staff wasn't very helpful either. I think you can find better places for the same rates.
bubble_10	I grew up in the neighborhood where Sohotel now sits. It was an old transient hotel on skid row called the Pioneer Hotel. Now the Bowery is a trendy area. However, their efforts to dress up this former flop house into a two hundred dollar a night property fall far short.   The staff is indifferent and unfriendly. They had no record of my reservation that I made through Hotwire and I was forced to stand in the lobby upon check in for about an hour trying to log on to their non existent wireless system, which never happened. The front desk clerk was kind enough to give me a room, only to go through this mess in the morning.  Basically, these are the same small, dark rooms they always were,only now instead of winos,  Europeans make their way up the endless stairs.  The two positive
bubble_30	I am so-so about the sohotel.   the location was absolutely great and that alone would justify the price. the hotel itself felt a little like a dorm - the rooms are incredibly small and the bathroom door didn't shut. but it was cheap and a great location and i would stay there again if i was going to new york.   don't expect miracles but don't pay too much and you'll be happy.
bubble_30	The Sohotel is a very clean Hotel, the rooms are nice, but small. Staff is OK and the location of the Hotel is very good.  The only really bad thing is the noice, there is a bar below the Hotel and this is really extremly loud until about 3 a.m.  But it is a cheap Hotel, and you can spend more money on shopping or sightseeing.  I can reccommend it to budget travellers.
bubble_40	Ok so Sohotel is not the Ritz, but for the budget traveller looking for a clean and convenient hotel in lower Manhattan, Sohotel is a great option. I found the service to be good and my room, albeit on the small side, clean as was the bathroom. With Chinatown, Little Italy and SoHo right on its doorstep, there are no shortage of restaurants, take outs and bars to choose from. Also, a Metro station is located about 50 metres away. The only thing I would advise travellers about is the fact that Sohotel is surrounded by some busy streets with traffic noise 24/7. Other than that, I found Sohotel to be good value for money. (FYI - It took me a brisk half hour walk to reach WTC Ground Zero.)
bubble_30	After booking and then coming across a mix of comments on the site about the Sohotel I was quite anxious to discover that I might have made a mistake in booking out of haste. But I'm relieved to say that once I got there I was pleasantly surprised at the adequacy of the room and the hotel generally. The room was clean and comfortable, even if a little on the small side. But the location (right in the midst of the mayhem that is Manhattan!) made up for this. My major qualm was with the hot water in the shower, It took a long time to heat up, but I found funnily enough that a few turns of the toilet flush speeded the process up abit (don't ask how, funny plumbing i guess!). All in all you pretty much get what you pay for and the hotel staff were polite and helpful.
bubble_40	me and my friend stayed for 4 nights in the sohotel. the hotel was very clean , we had a housekeeper service daily fresh towels,leenens, on daily basis, the staff is very helpfull. despite the old building,we had a great stay the best part ,was the location and the rate, we shall recomend this hotel to all our friends
bubble_10	I've been to nyc a couple of times, and staying at sohotel has made me NEVER want to return to nyc. My room was crawling with cockroaches, spiders, and centipedes in the drawers. I told the front desk, and she said in a thick spanish accent, "roaches are everywhere, so dont be complaining" My husband also suffers from orthopedic problems, so I had to constantly escort him up the stairs, there are NO elevators for a 6-FLOOR motel. the bathrooms are tiny and the hot water can get VERY hot; make sure you let the water on for at least 40 minutes to test if it won't burn your skin. Also, at night, there were strangers knocking on my door and beer bottles left on my door. There's no security, so if you are traveling with children, be very careful. P.S. they charge u $15 luggage fee
bubble_30	We stayed here for 3 days and had very mixed feelings. On the positive side, it is *very* clean. Spotless. The rooms are well-appointed - nice furniture. Small, but this is New York. On the cons side, we did find it a bit noisy, and our shower never really worked quite right. No water came out on Day 1, and on Day 2 we could only get hot water by wiggling the handle to the *exact* right spot. We complained, but management did nothing. My husband ended up showering in the shared shower down the hall, which worked out fine for him. Also, be warned - it's a walk-up. No elevator, and the stairs are steep. No fax machine either, in case you were wondering. However, we did get free wireless.
bubble_10	This hotel is very very noisy and it is nothing to say it, if you want to sleep it's not the place to go. The staff is not very nice, rooms are not very clean (there were cockroaches), you can't control tthe heating, there are no elevators, and this hotel is very far from manhattan activities such as the empire state building, times square and rockefeller center, but near to little italy and chinatown.  If you are a tourist, don't go there, you won't regret to pay more to have a better room
bubble_50	For the price being about 1/3 of any other decent hotel in Manhatten, I was a little worried, and needless to say, my expectations were not high. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel. It was very cute and clean once inside and it's in a great part of town - not too touristy. Our room was tiny, but clean and the staff was friendly, although obviously not from a 5 star hotel. It you want to go to NYC and enjoy the city, the Sohotel is the place for you. It's safe and clean and it'll leave you with money in your pocket to spend elsewhere.
bubble_10	Having read the other reviews regarding this hotel we are, in a way reassured, that we were not over critical during our stay, because our experiences definitely detracted from our otherwise great time in New York.  Clearly, the USA do not have the same customer protection laws as the UK. On arrival you have to lug your luggage up steep stairs into the reception area. The hotel covers 4 floors with no lifts. No assistance is offered by staff to take your luggage to the upper floors.  The website gives the impression of moderm rooms with ample space. In some places you had to walk sideways around the room. Our bathroom was designed more for `hobbits' not human beings.  Although most staff were very helpful we had to describe to 3 different people that we had an extra night
bubble_40	As a travel agent i was presently surprised that this hotel was soo cheap!!  Pros: great price, awsome location, and friendly staff. rooms where small but nice and very clean  Cons: No elevator, apperance somewhat weary but once you've been it grows on you  It is a 5$ cab ride to time square and you are in a great locations right in the middle of chinatown, little italy and soho.  Honestly this one rocks for the price!!
bubble_10	Before we headed to New York we saw the bad reviews about the Sohotel, but we took the chance. We arrived at the hotel at about 12am where we had to carry our heavy luggage up numerous flights of stairs as there is no lift. The desk attendants were no help even though they were large men where we were young women who had to find the strength to lug our bags up the several flights of stairs. At night Soho is very dodgy where it is unsafe to be out and about. The next day when we asked for directions and information about tourist activities the desk attendants were not helpful and gave us wrong information. The rooms are very small that only one of us could have been at one side of the bed at the one time. The bathroom is tiny tiny tiny. The toilet blocked. That day we saw
bubble_50	We have been to New York five times and can honestly say this hotel was the best we have ever stayed in. Our room was spotless, the beds were clean, the decoration was lovely.  We had excellent service and we loved that there was tea and coffee avaliable every morning - free!! The bathroom was beyond belief to what we have encountered before and we also loved the area with Little Italy particularly close by - a wonderful place to eat.  We have had cockroaches in a hotel with a higher star rating than this one, we have never had a shower that worked before like it did here and we would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York.  We were a bit worried because there was no lift but the desk staff carried our cases out without us even asking and when we offered a
bubble_40	We were a bit scared after reading the reviews, but we must have landed lucky.  We were on the 4th floor, and although it was a struggle with the cases, well worth it when we saw the room.  It was a huge room with 2 queen beds, large bathroom and a huge plasma TV,  we were impressed.  No problems incurred throughout our stay, although the noisy pipes kept on going all through the night, but hey your in New York, your too tired from all the sight-seeing to stay awake and hear them anyway.  Great little bar below the hotel, but ask how much before you pay for the drinks.  I would recomend this hotel, it was right round the corner from everywhere you would need.
bubble_10	I don't usually spend time putting reviews of hotels on websites, but this place deserves it - it's the worst place I've ever stayed.   The first night we had room 430. To start with, the rooms on the 4th floor are shabby and seriously tiny - in any other hotel, they'd be single person rooms. The bathrooms are so small that the sinks are in the bedroom space. We tried to make the best of it, but eventually we had to move room as neither of us could sleep - the pipes in the bathroom bang so loud all night it was like someone was hammering on the wall.   2nd and 3rd night we were on the 3rd floor, room 308 - the room was better, but we realised on the 3rd night it had mice.  We saw one running around while we were in bed. And one got on my bed while we were out and attacked the
bubble_20	We were first booked into the tiny double room with a sink stuck on the wall mentioned by an earlier reviewer. The room was clean, so we decided to give it a go. Then, at 2am, we awoke to hear rustling noises under the bed and realized our room was infested with rats!!! The hotel refunded the cost of our candy, which had been mauled in the night (!) and we switched to another room. This was a twin room and was about a third bigger than the previous one, with a much better bathroom.   I recommend asking for a different room if you aren't happy with the initial one you get, as they will probably change it for you. The hotel staff were very friendly and accommodating, and the hotel as a whole appeared clean (despite the vermin). And the location is much better than being stuck
bubble_10	I cant believe that this hotel has the gull to charge the amount of money that it does!  I know that NY, especially Manhattan is notorious for being an expensive city; however, I have stayed at several different hotels in various parts of the city in the same price range that were not only more comfortable but also were a whole lot cleaner and safer for the same amount of money.      The only advantage, if you could call it that, is the location; however, as the public transportation in NY is so convenient, you really dont need to stay in any particular area/neighborhood in order to experience and enjoy the city.  Sohotel is absolutely the worse hotel that Ive ever stayed in.  The location, although convenient in getting around the Chinatown/SOHO area, is extremely pricey
bubble_10	I checked in to this hotel around 8 one night, and if it weren't so late, I would have immediately checked out. In fact, my room was so depressing and dingy, I went out and got drunk, knowing I could not face that room again sober.   The room was TINY. Imagine a very small 'double' bed, then give yourself about 2 feet of space on one side and the foot of the bed. A TV that got no reception. And a sink on the wall. Yes, on the wall of the room. with only one faucet handle.  The 'bathroom' had a toilet and standup shower. and lots of pipes running through the tiny room.  This really was a rotten place for 160 bucks a night. I've stayed in European hostels much nicer than this.   The next morning, I cancelled my stay. Management was surly when i tried to get reimbursement for the
bubble_20	We have just returned from a week at the Sohotel and would like to share our views. Firstly if you don`t or can`t do stairs avoid this hotel it has no lift, from the street you have to climb a staircase to get to reception with all your bags/ cases. We were on the 2nd floor (not the highest) so had a further 2 flights of stairs to climb to our room. We arrived at 14.15 and were not permitted into our room until 15.00 as stated, they did however let us leave our bags. We booked a D grade room and found it to be a fair size. It had a double bed and a single, the bathroom was small but adequate with a shower that eventually runs hot but keeps a constant temperature. The rooms were cleaned and towels changed every day, i can`t fault their cleanliness. The rooms were shoddy inside
bubble_40	It was my first time staying in a hotel in manhattan. I was very pleased ,i have heard some horror stories about other hotels and had many pre- conceived notions .My brother and I ( from rochester ,n.y.) were welcomed and treated very well. The rooms were cleaned every day with proper beddings and other service.Fresh coffee and muffins in the lounge.The hotel is small but it has a great "feel " to it.The neighborhood is quaint and friendly with little italy a stones throw away.  I would suggest and have to anyone traveling to NYC to stay at the hotel.It  is perfect for less than 4 people ( a little small) but warm inside. Prices are very affordable as well.
bubble_20	Before arriving at the Sohtoel, I was skeptical based on the low price and the excellent location.  My fears became reality.    I stayed at the Sohotel for business in late September.  I checked in and they gave me my room on the fourth floor.  No problem until they also gave somebody else my room later that evening.  This person had a key but the front desk had not registered me into the room.  Not only that but they also failed to find me in the register when I told them that my key would not work in the door - three seperate times!  Each time they said that they had no record of me.  The worst part was the towels.  One of them had a blood or rust stain on it.  I didn't get to close to tell the difference.  It would have been nice had the cleaning staff taken the towel out of
bubble_10	Talking about incompetant staff. People work at the reception are not able to handle the easiest problems. No elevators. Therefore, be prepared to carry your own luggage.
bubble_40	Having read a few poor reviews I had some doubts about this hotel but as it was booked off we went.  The staff were friendly and helpful its true the room was on the small side but perfectly fine and spotlessly clean with towels and linen changed regularly.  The hotel even provided coffee and hot water in the mornings for an early cuppa.  The location is fabulous and as we were their during the San Genaro festival being so close to little Italy was great.  This is a buget hotel and the worst criticism I had of it was there is no lift. I recommend it, and would use it again.
bubble_50	We had a mavelous time, the rooms were clean, bathrooms were in excellent condition and the people at the front desk very friendly, helpful and considerate.  Elena, Milton and Julio helped four of us figure out how to use the subways, directions to local destinations from the Port Authority to Ground Zero.  I was very impressed with staying in New York in a great location which was fun, near the Village, China Town, shopping on Canal Street and Little Italy.  The rates were very reasonable for such a nice, clean small hotel.  Thank you for listing this and we will not only go back whenever we are in New York but have already told my friends.    By the way we were representing Boston, Paris and St. Barths, ages 64, 58, 24 and 40.  We booked this reservation as my friend's niece
bubble_30	We booked Sohotel for a week-long stay without having done much research. I later came across tripadvisor and was dreading the trip because of negative reports of bedbugs etc. But there was no need.  PROS: brilliant downtown location - v close to numerous subways including Canal St from where you can get the Q train to Macy's (34th St) in 3 stops. It's one of the more frequent lines too. 10-15 minute walk to Soho shopping and nightlife, China Town (great for dim sum) and even shorter to Little Italy. Loads of eateries in the vicinity and we were fortunate to be there for the San Genarro fesitval. Nice to be away from the throngs of tourists that you would suffer if you stayed eg around Times Sq. Area looks down at heel in the day but buzzes at night.  Cleanliness - our room was
bubble_40	This hotel was perfectly situated for our visit to NYU and the Lower East Side Film Festival. Good value, safe and convenient to all sorts of things on foot.
bubble_10	This hotel was lousy from the minute we stepped into the lobby.  With spilled food and beverage on the floor to a 30 minute wait at 11:30pm at night just to get into our dank little room on the fourth floor where we had to shlepp four very heavy pieces of luggage.  They moved me three times in six days.  The second room electrical system went out five times and that was just when I was there.   Though the staff was courteous, they were totally incompetent! I will never stay there again, nor advise anyone to.
bubble_30	this is a very good place to stay if your in new york. the staff is real good the rooms are real nice the tv needs work, but i really didn't need the tv : }   i had so much fun and will be staying again real soon!!!! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : }  THANK YOU AND YOUR STAFF FOR THE BEST TIME FOR SUCH A  LOW PRICE!!!!!!!
bubble_40	We stayed overnight in Sohotel on a very hot summer night, the room was clean, had attractive furniture and the ceiling fan kept us cool. We kept the windows closed to decrease the outside noise. We asked to be "upgraded" if possible, but still paid the lower price, I am not sure if this had anthing to do with it. If you stay try to stay on the same floor as the front desk. The hotel is on the border of SOHO, Little Italy and Chinatown. I would recommend it.
bubble_10	I arrived in the evening to a somewhat pleasant staff who barely spoke english.  I was given a tiny room - which was fine as I wasn't planning on spending much time in it.  Although I must say I was a bit surprised that the room didn't even have a telephone! While I was trying to sleep, I noticed something out of the corner of my eye moving.  I turned on the light to find a small reddish bug.  The hotel is old and a few bugs is to be expected.  I got some kleenex and picked it up.  Before jumping back into bed however, I pulled the covers back to make sure there wasn't any more.  What I discovered was horrifying!! There were a couple dozen bugs crawing under the covers and along the rim of the bed/mattress. I panicked and immediately packed my stuff and went down to the front
bubble_30	Hotel management team courteous efficient and friendly, only too pleased to move us to a quiet, better room due to noisy interior work being carried out above our original room.  Linen changed daily, maid service very efficient. A conveniently situated Hotel at most reasonable rates. Can recommend room 210 Would certainly make a return visit.
bubble_40	I don't understand some of these negative reviews of the Sohotel.  I just returned home from a wonderful three days in New York and the Sohotel certainly enhanced my experience.  The location is fab if lower Manhatten is your thing.  Situated in Little Italy and spitting distance from Chinatown, you can easily explore all the funky little hidden streets and places that make this part of New York so interesting.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Also,  my room wasn't huge but it was clean and very comfortable. The decor wasn't the overdone floral mess you see in posh hotels but was simple and elegant  with the brick walls , antique headboards and quilts.   I find it funny in some of these reviews how people mention the noise and lack of sleep.  Well, come on people.  It
bubble_10	If you like to actually SLEEP at night, do not stay at the Sohotel! We had an awful night full of noise and bugs. Numerous rooms - including the (tiny) one we had - have windows to loud streets with a lot of traffic and restless people yelling and partying all night long.  And the staff seemed to be neither competent nor willing to show any friendliness. We arrived late at in the evening (a fact we had announced earlier in an email) and because of computer problems nobody really seemet to handle or at least to understand  they told us they were not able to give us any key to a room. They sent us away for "two or three hours". When we came back around midnight, totally exhausted, they gave us a room in a lower category than we had booked and refused any refund or discount. A very
bubble_30	We found the hotel to be clean and quiet. If you're planning to be out and about most of the time, this would be a good place to stay. The room was small, clean and air conditioned, had bathroom with shower. No phone but pay phones were in the lobby. The t.v. had rabbit ears, but pulled in a decent number of stations, some clearly, some not so clear. Close proximity to East Village, Chinatown, subways. Would stay here again.
bubble_10	What a terrible experience. in our tiny room with almost no light we first sow a mouse, then in the bathroom we spotted a couple of small cockroaches. We told the front desk about that, they have sprayed something in the room.  But this was not all! After staying at the hotel for 4 nights i came home with lots of bumps all over my body. I thought those were mosquitos, but after doing some research on the internet, i realised that the small cockroach looking bugs i saw in the room were actually bed bugs! What a terrible thing! Now i'm all scared that i brought those creatures back to my home! What if they traveled with me in my clothes or in the laggage?  Anyway, do not stay there, it is a dump.
bubble_20	If you want to get a good nights sleep this is not the place to stay. The sohotel is one of the oldest Hotels in NY & it appears it still has its original plumbing! The pipes are very noisy & I would compare the constant noise to that of having a toilet flushed next to your bed all through the night. This hotel may be cheap but u will regret not paying more!
bubble_50	Certainly would recommend this hotel if you get one of the newer rooms. The price was right and rooms were clean and pleasant. Also the location was near Chinatown and Little Italy and you could go out safely at night and have a nice walking tour or find a place to eat.
bubble_40	We stayed for 7 nights at the SoHotel in May 2006 room 432, with the warnings of other reviewers ringing in our ears. We are pleased to say that we could not fault the place or the people and would happily return.  We have very simple requirements of any hotel, namely that it is reasonably priced, clean, has hot water and is in a good locationSoHotel fitted the bill completely.  True it may not be the most modern place but we found it quite sweet, we could check the weather on the TV in the morning and the noise was nothing other than you would expect from being slap bang in the middle of a city. True the rooms are on the small side but we had more than enough drawers and space to move around the large double bed. True the private bathroom is small, but the water was scalding,
bubble_10	Its fine if you don't mind sleeping with cockroaches and bad service.  The place has tiny cramped rooms.  Do yourself a big favor and spend a few dollars more and get a room without bugs in a quieter, safer and cleaner neighborhood.
bubble_40	Stayed here after Times Square Beds and Rooms. Moved for convenience of location to explore lower Manhattan. Sohotel was undergoing renovations when we stayed there.Combination of old and new charm!  We stayed in a newly renovated room. Saw other rooms undergoing renos. No bed bugs. (Didn't see anything like that). I guess we were really lucky and had a really great experience because we didn't have any serious problems. Found a used matchstick on the floor (not ours). But room didn't smell of smoke!  Talked to a resident who lives down the block and was rather skeptical of the hotel. But we had a very safe, and positive experience despite other reviews on this board. We were there April 11 & 12.   Street noise could be muffled by turning on the bedroom fan. But turning it on
bubble_50	if you looking for a budget hotel this is the place to be clean hptel great location good price good  service safe 'very dood location'
bubble_50	The Sohotel is a great buy for the buck. The cheapest hotel I could find. The location is absolutely fantastic. The Sohotel is bordering China Town, Little Italy, NoHo, SoHo, and is walking distance from Broadway.   When I arrived I was greeted kindly by the front desk staff and a gentleman even offered to help with my bag as I was struggling with it. The Sohotel was very clean, I constantly saw people cleaning the lobby and other parts of the hotel.   I would definitely return to The Sohotel and recommend it to others.
bubble_20	Unless you are a glutton for punishment I'd recommend getting as far away from the SoHotel as possible.    We chose this hotel as we had 3 people and each wanted our own bed (ie a 3 bed room).   Our first night was spent in an unrenovated room at the front of the hotel. We asked to be moved due to the noise and this was no problem for the hotel staff...but it all went down hill from there.    We were moved to one of the 'renovated' rooms - which begs the question, why weren't we given this room on our first night. The hotel staff looked at us dumbly (something they seem to do well) and said nothing when we posed this question.  Half of the staff don't even speak to English as their first language so this makes communications hard to start with. The 'new' room had NO HOT WATER in
bubble_30	After looking around for a cheap hotel in New York i came across the Sohotel, and after reading the reviews i was not sure what to ecpect. However after changing rooms from a very small  room on the second floor right next to the stairs to a room on the fouth floor I was nicely surprised. The room was clean with clean towels and fresh bedlinin every day and no signs of cockroaches. The hot water was always hot/warm depending on what time you took a shower, my top tip is to have one before 830.  My only complaint was that the room did not have any windows which ment it felt a bit like a prision cell and you had to make a trip to the window at the end of the hall to have a look at the weather for the day.   The hotel was in a good location excellent for resturants and bars and
bubble_20	My boyfriend and I wanted a really inexpensive Hotel just to crash. I read all the reviews and all the hotels around our price range: $100-$130 a night I chose the SOHOTEL, number 1 reason, NO Shared Bathroom! I stayed in room 427 Here are my comments: 1. Small rooms but very economical. 2. Price was reasonable for the Hotel. 3. Not for those with physical disabilities - No elevator, alot of stairs 4. Friendly staff 5. Room Key card had to be reset everyday 6. BRING Earplugs if you need quiet to sleep 7. Convenient location, subway not too far 8. Some nice inexpensive sub shops/restaurants nearby 9. They were remodeling the entire 3rd floor, with even flat screen plasma tvs!  MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT AND BEWARE!!!!! As soon as I got home. This TICK jumped off my shirt that was in my
bubble_20	I like Sohotel location, when you get out of the hotel, you are within walking distance from Little Italy, Chinatown, Soho, and train station. But the room is toooooo small, we are lucky to be petite to squeeze into one full size bed. We lived in a room with a private bathroom (thank god) and the bathroom is quite small too. The room has a tv but no telephone. No study desk or anything.   One thing I must say is that the hotel did very good upkeep to make the room clean and comfortable. The wall is thin. You can hear people walking in the hallway -- especially when they walk in heels, they will wake you up.   I wish I could have shopped around more or pay more for a bigger room. Overall, this is a good hotel if you have low budget.
bubble_40	i am not a rech man but i spend money when i can aforded and to be in new york who is one of the most expensive city of the world the sohotel   was perfect for me  clean dood service. free coffe in the morning.  best location.  safe.  what else you can ask for 138.42 including taxes all others are over 230 dollars a night, i had no complaints.  clean room.
bubble_10	This hotel boasts that it is the oldest in the city, and the shape of the building and the rooms surely do attest to that.  Expect no frills at all, not even cable TV, a remote, a clock radio, or a phone.  For the prices you'll pay, definitely stick to a chain hotel or one with a better reputation.  This one disappoints all around.
bubble_40	great location near soho and little italy public trasport i tried the sohotel despite some bed reviews i was realy suprised a hotel is not 5 stars but clean nice staff ,they change fresh towel daily and the leenens to. we paid 149.75 a night,and we received high value for our money
bubble_10	At first glance this hotel seems cute and cozy. I probably could have dealt with the rooms, which are on the tiny side, and totally reek of cigarettes. However, the reviewer who noticed bedbugs was not kidding. I didn't find just one or two, there were probably over 25 in the seams of my mattress!! I squished one and blood popped out if it! I had just got there so I know it wasn't mine! I don't even want to think about all the diseases I could've gotten from that one little bug. (For those of you, who have never seen bedbugs: http://medent.usyd.edu.au/fact/bedbugs.html. They are not small little things when they are full grown. In fact they're quite scary looking.) I also asked to switch rooms (which they weren't too happy about). When finally settled in what I hoped was a clean
bubble_40	I stayed at sohotel and i was saprized for the high cleanness of the hotel polite staff. Great location recently renovated hotel you get a high value for your money. I would highly recomend this hotel for anyone staying in the city.
bubble_10	I would not reccomend this hotel because my husband and I found bed bugs. First, we noticed them in the cracks of the walls. Then, I tore off the mattress cover and saw an infestation of them in the seams on both beds. We asked for a room switch after telling the problem to the front desk. They were very 'hush hush' about it, and agreed to change our room. We were given no discount or courtesy credit, which was I didn't think was the mark of a good business. They acted like they'd never experienced that problem before, but I doubt it by the way they were behaving. Our second room was noisy, the light in the bathroom had an overbearing buzz and the traffic outside was awful, even with our windows closed. We might as well have been sleeping on the streets. Also, this hotel would
bubble_40	I stayed at the Sohotel the weekend of February 17th - 19th with my girlfriend and thought the place was a good value.  Being a former New Yorker, it is only about 5 minutes from the Lower East Side where the nightlife buzz is nowadays, and two blocks from Little Italy.  As a bonus, when we stumbled home we stopped in at their nightclub downstairs which had a good vibe.  I would recommend it for the young and lively traveler on a budget.
bubble_40	I have stayed at the Sohotel (or Pioneer) many times over the past 8 years and have always found it to be  excellent value for money. My recent visit was just as good as previous trips. It's not 5 star accommodation but then it doesn't pretend to be..  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel has undergone something of a refit. The lobby is much more welcoming than before and the room I stayed in had been completely renovated. The decor was much better, the shower/toilet was of a much higher standard and even the tv looked fairly new and actually had a remote... The doors open with a credit card device rather than a key and seem very secure.   I don't know if the whole hotel has been refitted yet but those on the first floor (the same level as the lobby) seemed to have
bubble_30	Read more "not-so-glowing" reviews than assuring ones from various sites on Pioneer Sohotel, but due to last minute planning, we had no choice but to settle with Pioneer Sohotel as it was the only budget hotel 1, located in Manhattan 2, near a sub and 3, has a room available to us.  Upon arriving at the hotel, I was worried about encountering the unpleasantries I read online - namely loud noise from disco on first floor, roaches under bed, stained and paper-thin towels, and unreliable hot shower.   None of these happened to us.  We (my partner joined me later in the night after he rushed down from a conference in another state of USA) stayed on the second floor but there was no loud music throughout the 5nights we stayed there.  The hygiene level was superb. Room was spic and
bubble_30	I think the Sohotel is great for young budget travelers who are no-frills and need a clean, centrally-located place to stay.  The hotel wasn't bad at all, especially for the price- $139 for a Saturday night in New York City.  It was this or the Ramada Inn in Jersey City, and I definitely think this was the better choice.  We were down the street from all the great eateries in Little Italy, close Chinatown, near cute shops in Soho, and near the subway.  My friend and I stayed in a room on the third floor with 2 double beds and private bathroom.  The room was medium sized, and had a dresser, nightstands, and coat rack to hang our clothes on.  The furniture and bathroom fixtures all looked pretty new and were actually quite cute.  Overall, the room seemed clean, although I might
bubble_10	i don't consider myself high maintenance at all, and after i saw a few pics online and read a couple of good reviews, i decided to stay at the sohotel. when my friend and i got there, the place was NOTHING like the pics online!!!  the room they gave us were sooooooooooo small, that my friend could literally touch one side of the wall to the other by stretching out his arms (i have a picture to prove it too!).  it was such as nasty place that after being there for 45 minutes, we decided to check out even though we were going to be charged for the night. the management there were completely useless and incompetent. i would never recommend this place to anyone.
bubble_30	We stayed here a couple weeks ago and were actually quite impressed. Other hotels in the area were more than 4 times the price. It is obviously not as nice as those places but who really spends a ton of time in their hotel anyway? We liked having the bar downstairs, it was a great place to go for drinks before and after dinner. The hotel itself does not have a bar or restaurant, but this made it feel like it did. The hotel was clean, rooms were small and served their purpose. As far as noise, I have stayed in some really expensive places in NY and this hotel was quieter. After all people, what do you expect - We are in NEW YORK CITY!!
bubble_10	DONT STAY HERE!  Read why... We stayed here in december, on our second day we returned to our room and couldnt get in, the hotel had put other people in there (2 girls who looked like they were on crack). Excuse:'double booking'.  They moved all our belongings that had been in the room/bathroom into bin bags in a storage room!  They moved us to an (identical) room a few doors down.  When we eventually recieved our stuff back several items had gone 'missing'. The NYPD weren't surprised when we reported it, the place has a bad reputation, 'is not what we'd call a hotel'. There are drug users/thiefs/prostitutes at this 'hotel', the management are utterly useless, apart from that, yes it is a good location, cheap, and cleanish. Don't risk ruining your holiday, spend 50 bucks extra
bubble_40	After reading some of the reviews on this website I have to say I was more than a little anxious about staying in this hotel.  My partner and I were there for five days in November 2005.  If you are looking for a decent budget hotel in New York City for a bargain price (in comparison to most other places) then this is the hotel for you.  I've stayed in numerous hotels throughout New York that haven't been budget in the past, so i was very dubious, but we were both pleasantly surprised.  The room was big and spacious.  The sheets and towels were changed everyday.  Really it was better than you would expect all round and the location is fantastic.  The only problem was that you have to either have a boiling hot or freezing cold shower, and the bathroom is tiny - but really who
bubble_30	The Sohotel is where we ended up on our random trip to NYC.  Once we arrived at the hotel we were impressed with the value for the money.  I was travelling with three other friends and was delighted to see that there were three beds in the room and they made no fuss over visitors or additional guests in the room.  We were put on the second floor which was the first floor of the hotel.  There was a bar directly below us.  We went out for the evenings living up the NYC nightlife and returned to our room nightly around 3am.  We weren't aware of a nightclub directly below us prior to checking in, but the bass coming through the floor was so loud that we felt like we were in the club.  I'm actually a bass lover, have subwoofers in my car and love going to loud nightclubs, but this
bubble_10	We read some reviews here - and we're fairly forgiving travellers - I can handle bussing my own luggage, no closet space and no phones. Onew review made mention of a little noise from a bar - so i expected maybe some loud folks, or perhaps a breaking bottle or two.  But nothing prepared my wife and I for the 4 solid hours (that we heard, after returning to the room at 11pm) of ridiculously loud bass thumping from the bar/club immeditely downstairs - that's right, your headboard sounds like it's connected to the speakers.  Oh and get this, we complained at 2.45 am - the night staff said, wel lthe bar should close soon (4am) - and the manager the next morning said you should have called the police. Sure, I stay at a hotel and want to call the police to close down a bar?!!?
bubble_30	This is a reaonable 'value' hotel. It is just about impossible to find a reaonably priced hotel in Manhattan. This hotel is about 1/2 the cost of other accomodations and has private full bathrooms in most of the rooms. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. There was a TV in the room, but no cable. That's OK as we didn't plan to spend very much time in the room. There is too much to do in the 'Big Apple". The only real drawback is that there is no elevator so request a room on the second floor and don't bring a lot of luggage. The Chinatown location is close to several subway lines and easy to find.
bubble_30	This hotel was our haven having left the crack den of the west side inn on the upper west side. It is clean, comfortable and affordable. It is in a great neighbourhood - you are a stone's throw away from little italy, soho and the crazy delights of chinatown. Nice liberal, multiracial neighbourhood - you quickly feel a part of it. If you stay in this hotel- bring your earplugs and eyepatches as it tended tobe very noisy - workmen smashing up the place, ridiculously loud clanging plumbing throughout the night, and at weekends the sounds of people shouting their way home through the night. Overall - a good place to stay.
bubble_30	For the price, I couldn't expect better in this area of the city.  The location is fantastic, and let's face it, who comes to NY to hang out in the room?  The bed was clean and comfortable, and while the bathroom was not great (there was a lot of mold in the shower), it had hot water.  The staff was really helpful as well, and there was hot coffee in the morning.
bubble_20	I managed to obtain a room for less than $150 on a Sat night, which is a good price.  But the problems started shortly after check-in.  First, the front desk staff is neither friendly nor especially helpful.  Their attitude seemed to be more like "move em in, move em out" instead of "how can I help make your stay more pleasant?"  They assigned me to a 4th floor room and did not mention that some of the rooms were being renovated on the 4th floor...I wound up walking across dusty construction paper taped to the floor each time I came and went.  The room had no closet and nowhere whatsoever to hang garments.  I was basically forced to drape my jackets and slacks and such over the tv, which by the way, was not even cable-equipped.  There was a sad attempt at an antenna on top of
bubble_30	I'm really amazed by some of the reviews I have read on this hotel.  If I had thought to check Tripadvisor before going to New York City last week, I probably would have changed my plans and stayed somewhere else but I'm glad I didn't because the place really isn't that bad.  No, there is not an elevator.  Lugging baggage up to the third and fourth floor is a little inconvenient, but it's not like you have to do it everytime you come and go to your room...just at check-in and checkout.  Besides, most of us could really use the exercise...enough said.  The rooms are the typical New York City small and very simple but also clean and comfortable.  I had a double bed w/ private bath so I didn't actually use the shared bath and shower facilities but they were right across the hall
bubble_10	I had 4 luggages and a handbag. There's no elevator! I thought someone was going to help me with my luggages. These women at the front desk just kept staring at me! I asked for help, and the woman asked me why did I bring so many luggages? Great help, huh?  They are also racist! They give colored folks the worst rooms, and the non-colored better rooms. I am colored, so I should know!!!  Also, be careful about leaving your precious belongings...  If you can afford to stay somewhere better, then do so...you are saving yourself one of the worst places to stay in NYC  I will NEVER ever stay here again!
bubble_20	The location is great, we barely use the subway at all.  The hotel looks new due to the renovation.  very modern comtemporary look with hardwood floor and bright lights.  no elevators, therefore you will have to drag your bags upstairs.  we got a private bath double room thru Expedia at $103 per night.  When we checked in, I overheard another guy checked in at the front desk got $89.99 per night (don't know if its a shared bath or not).  Very clean, though there are stains on the wall we felt comfortable walking barefeet.  bathroom was clean and spotless, looked very new.  Beware that roaches come out at night time crawling on the ceiling and floor.  small tv, no remote or cable.  good place to stay.  HOWEVER, the ladies at the front desk need lessons on customer service.  We
bubble_40	amazed by some of the bad reviews here- what did these people expect when they booked this hotel?  I stay in NYC a lot- it is nearly impossible to find a room with attached bath for less than USD100. SoHotel manages to do just that, and the rooms and bathrooms are clean. the location is excellent- walking distance from a lot of attractions and restaurants. The Ritz it ain't- but at these prices one shouldn't expect that. When I am in NYC, I prefer to spend my time outside of my hotel, the amount of time I spend in a hotel room awake is probably less than 2hrs a day.  Yes it can be noisy- especially if you are in the rooms facing Broome st, so ask for a rear room. but then, noise is just another fact of life in a large city.  So if you don't want to share a bathroom, but are
bubble_20	During July/August 2005 I was on a two-month round-the-world trip from Australia(6 countries, 13 cities, 18 hotels) with my wife, and my thirteen year old & 2 year old daughters. On a trip like this, with a baby stroller & large luggage bags, style & location of your hotel can be important. I booked the Sohotel as it was right next to the main eating areas of New York. However, the hotel was not really a good choice for us - steep stairs & small rooms, and more seriously, our room did not contain a smoke detector(mandatory in Australia). A fire would take hold before anyone would know. As well, it was only a $10 taxi fare from Times Square to Little Italy/Chinatown, & New York is a good walking city - which means that a hotel's location was not that important.  On the plus side,
bubble_20	It was really curious for me to find this site. I stayed in this hotel in 2002, spent Xmas and New Year's Eve in New York with my friends. Well, there we were, two couples and me...in one room with 2 queen beds....mmmm, I slept in the middle and kept sinking in the hole between the two beds....one night one of the couples had a fight and the 2 guys had to sleep on one bed coz the girls were upset...so I was caught in the middle with 2 guys that didnt wanna touch at all....and, the bar, that bar! would not let me sleep...we actually went down one night, so small! well I am from Mexico and was shocked by the prices haha, anyway...the guy at the door told us one day as we walked by that they would give us free drinks so when we were there he played dumb, we went to the manager or
bubble_20	then sure why not, you're going to pass out after a 5am adventure and sleep through the little pseudomotel.  We were there for the hot/humid weekend in NYC and needed a place to stay for a night near all the great nightlife and shopping.  Upon entry it was fine and then we approved it.  Until we looked at the bathroom which was pretty bad.  Toilet looked like it hadn't been flushed let alone cleaned in awhile and had some remnants of last night's dinner still floating about.  Dry blood on the bathroom also, wasn't too appealing either.  We found chest xrays of an older Chinese man in the dresser drawer.  The great thing about our room?  That it was very well ventilated, had a working A/C WITH fan.  So we were comfortable for the night.  Either way, you get what you paid for and
bubble_40	After reading the angry reviews but taking a chance anyway, I am relieved and delighted to report a perfectly fine weekend stay (June 10 and 11) at a bargain rate in a hotel that is clearly working very hard to provide low-priced comfort to its guests, and is succeeding as far as Im concerned. The location couldnt possibly be better for those seeking a stay right in one of New Yorks funkiest and most distinctive parts of town.   I chose it for the price  we paid $79 for double bed with in-room bathroom, which is a true steal in Manhattan for that type of room. If we hadnt found it we really couldnt have afforded the trip at all, so in the spirit of bargain adventuring, I took it. You should book directly with the hotel rather than a hotel booking site, as youll save $10
bubble_10	I completely regret choosing the Sohotel - it definitely got my first NY trip off on the wrong foot.  The following points are offered in the hopes that someone else doesn't won't have to go through a similar experience:  1. Sheets and towels were stained (grease marks, blood marks, who knows what marks!). 2. No phone in rooms and the pay phones in the hallway were not working. 3. Room was dirty - hair in shower, paint falling off walls, dust encrusted air conditioner, dustballs on the floor. 4. Policies were not explained, nor posted in rooms (i.e. even though you have a multiple night reservation, you must pay for the room each night if you want it cleaned and basic services provided).  5. Stairs had insulation from the walls falling out and I questioned the safety of them
bubble_10	There's nothing good in this hotel. Dirty, painting falling down the wall and extremely noisy. For sure the smallest room and bath i've ever encountered in the world. At 6 am you won't be able to sleep anymore: hotel staff start to work and as the door don't close properly the noise become terrible. I've stayed in December and the heater warmed too much and there's no temperature control. Result: i were obligate to sleep with open window!!!!????!!!!!  For the same price you'll find many better options.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sohotel from April 29-May 1st, 2005.  I was nervous because of all of the negative reviews I was reading. My main concern was safety in the neighborhood/hotel.  The rooms seemed safe to me, as they had a strong bolt in addition to the handle lock. When we checked in we were allowed to see the room before paying.  We had room 309 and it was more than adequate for a cheap place to stay in NYC.  It was clean, the bathroom was much better than I expected and we even had maid service.  There are towels provided, but I suggest you bring an extra pillow.  We only had one to share the entire weekend and requests for an extra pillow fell on deaf ears.  If you don't sweat the small things like that, you will definitely be satisfied with this hotel.  (We
bubble_20	i was with a tour group going through the east coast of the US, and our stay in the sohotel (14/4 - 17/4) was somewhat interesting.  half of the time there was no hot water, "renovation" was being done on the building, even though it didnt change during our stay, they had signs up notifying that water would be out between specific times. if you want to walk anywhere its a long walk to any of the major attractions, like the ferry to the statue of libertey, times square and the empire state building. and even though it is a couple of minutes walk from the subway, it can be confusing for a tourist to take the subway, our tour group got lost several times. i came back one night to find my luggage all messed up, as though it had been searched through.  with that said, the rooms were
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed there on April 15 & 16, 2005.  We were both a bit scared to come from Minneapolis and stay in Manhattan.  This hotel was a true blessing for us.  It had clean linens, clean (and very soft!) towels, and really nice toilet paper (Hey these things are important!).  There were no extra frills (shampoos, soaps, cable TV, or shoe polish), but who cares!  We saved easily over $400 on two nights.  We could buy cases of shampoo for that savings, if we wanted!  We lucked out in that it was a quiet weekend.  It may not always be that way.  We felt safe the whole time in the area.  We weren't out on the streets very late though.  We were back by 11:00PM each night.  Chinatown was a blast!  Eat at Nyonya (Malaysian), 194 Grand St., ---------.  Super cheap, super good
bubble_10	If you know whats good for you, you won't stay at the Sohotel.  Let me just mention a few thing...   There were spiders on the toilet paper, no cable in the room, lets just say a closet was bigger than our room, and very early in the morning the fire alarm went off for no reason at all.  And then when we asked them to turn it off they said that they couldn't so the fire alarm light was flashing all morning, try sleeping through that.  The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that for the most part it was clean.  So if you're looking for a cheap room with a crazy adventure then you might like the Sohotel. I on the other hand will never go back.
bubble_10	The only thing I really ask for in a hotel is  for it be clean, the bed be comfortable and to have a hot shower in the morning.  Well this didn't happen at the Sohotel.  We stayed 2 nights and the first morning we had a trickle of warm water in our shower and only warm after 15 minutes of running the water and then the next morning no hot water whatsoever, not even a trickle.  We had friends staying at the same hotel and the same morning we had no hot water, there toilet wouldn't flush although they did have the trickle of hot water.  When we were standing in the lobby to leave we heard the front desk tell someone they had 5 toilets backed up that morning. The beds were clean and comfortable and the rooms adequate but the water was a big problem and that had never been mentioned
bubble_20	My husband and I stayed here March 19th for one night.  The location was great -- close to Soho, Chinatown and Little Italy.  The room was clean and the price was great.  However, the water went out sometime in the early morning and many people in the hotel didn't have showers or toilets that worked.  Everyone was understandably irate, but the management's only response was "Sorry, someone is coming out to work on fixing it.  Come back and stay with us again."  Needless to say, I will not be staying with them again.
bubble_30	After reading some of the reviews, I was apprensive.  In our usual travelling style we had made reservations and checked the reviews afterwards!  Our group had three rooms on a Saturday night and we were all pleased.  The rooms were clean with new bathrooms and linens, which was great for the price ($114 us). The rooms are very basic (no toiletries provided, a coat rack but no closet) but what do you expect for that price in Manhattan? We were in town to see the Gates in Central Park and found the hotel convenient for the subway.  It was also very convenient for Canal street and Soho  shopping. Parking was the biggest pain as garages were not plentiful in this part of town (we have always stayed in midtown before)  Our room (333) overlooked Broome St and we could dimly hear the
bubble_20	I have just returned from a 4 night break in NY with my boyfriend and had booked the sohotel for the entire stay on an american website before we left. the website quoted this hotel as a 3*. i had read the reviews on here before going and warned my boyfriend that i wasnt sure about it, but we decided to chance it anyway.   on arriving at the sohotel we were given the chance to view the room, as it was 1.30am  it was clean and we needed to sleep. on checking in the hotel required the full payment so we decided that we would only pay for 2 nights and see if we could sort something out in the morning. we were in room 221, above the bar! although it wasnt open on the thursday and we were very drunk on the friday so wouldnt remember if there was any noise! we managed to find another
bubble_30	Cheap, funky hotel in great location. But don't stay in room 223, or probably 221 for that matter or other nearby rooms. A small club, Bar M, opened recently directly below room 223. We checked in late Friday night, December 3, and were given 223, a big room with two queen beds and a bathroom. I heard the thump, thump, thump of the DJ dance music, but thought it was a neighbor. I mentioned it to the clerk and he said no, it was the bar downstairs. I asked for another room but they were booked full. (The clerk tried to play me a bit by saying that the music would end soon and he would call them to ask them to turn it down!) So we bought earplugs, which helped, but we didn't really get to sleep until the music stopped, which I think was around 3:30 AM. If you're planning to party
bubble_10	For a last minute 1 day trip to NYC, for which I refused to spend app $250/300 for a single nite (which was what I was coming up with in addition to striking out on Priceline), this place near the neighborhood I needed to be in came up for around $100 (which as a 10 year resident of the city I knew full well was way too cheap for Manhattan.)   This neighborhood, now part of the spreading hipster zone as the East Village spreads downtown, is where many flophouses (or SROs) used to be - it's a few feet from the infamous Bowery. Draw your own conclusions on both of these observations.  Room had been partially renovated, but still managed to be cheap and shoddy.  And tiny (even by European standards.) Too small for two people, I'd say. Lobby a source of some concern. I would have
bubble_30	I feel I should write a review for this hotel having stayed there twice, once at the beginning of our New York visit (Oct 20 -22 pre-booked well in advance) and once for one day(oct 30) at the end where we booked 2 days before.  We feared the worst when we read some of the reviews on this site but our first visit was fine. The room was basic but warm and the facilities were all clean and fully functional, there was a minor problem with a very noisy radiator but that was addressed. Bearing in mind we had paid only $80 including tax per night - which is far far cheaper than anywhere else we stayed - I was ready to come home and write a favourable review.  However, our second stay was a different story. Firstly we paid much more for this room though maybe that was because it was
bubble_10	Just dont! it's not worth wrecking your holiday to save a couple of dollars. The feel of the place made me feel un safe. When I went into my room I made sure I locked the door, 20 Mins later I checked out and booked into another hotel. I found holes in the towers (big ones) used toilet roll left under the seat. It's just isnt a nice place to be.
bubble_30	Stayed 10/15- 10/17 After reading the reviews I was expecting the worst- but was pleasantly surprised- I expected the staff to be rude and found them competent and efficient. I had trouble finding the hotel (I was distracted and walked past it several times-) and called the desk and was given directions politely.  My room looked out onto Broome Street- the TV worked, the bathroom was clean and the water heated up just fine- there was a place to hang my clothes and two dressers- the desk clerk gave me the key to the room so I could examine it before I took it- the stairs are rather twisty and narrow and there were a few sketchy characters in the lobby, but overall the guests seemed to be you average middle class tourists who put cost over luxurious amenities- no cable, no phones
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel that I've ever stayed at.  I had the misfortune of dealing with an incompetent staff. I placed my belongings in my room. When I returned I found cockroaches climbing on my suitcase.  I promptly left
bubble_30	When we arrived at 341 Broome St we were relieved to find a clean and comfortable room with private shower and toilet. Good location in Lower Manhattan, ideal for travellers who need a base to explore and are not looking for anything too fussy.Staying here was a pleasure compared to the previous hostel we were in. Good value for money!
bubble_40	This is the perfect place if you want a night with your girl and live with your parents. The hotel is kept fairly well, and the rooms ... Clean, neat, cheap and air conditoned!  What more do you want?
bubble_30	The Sohotel is perfect for a budget traveler who plans on spending most of their time outside their hotel.  It is similar in quality to hostels in Europe.  Its location is ideal, particularly for those who are already familiar with New York and don't plan on spending a lot of time in more touristy areas uptown.  Do not expect a comfortable bed, luxurious linens, and a spacious bathroom.  Expect adequate facilities, a clean room, and courteous staff.   Check the shower and facilities before accepting the room; if the hotel is not full, you have the option of switching rooms.  Though my room was not ideal, it had no bugs and an air conditioner, which were enough for me.
bubble_40	For only $100 a night, we enjoyed clean, roomy accomodations in a nice, low-key part of town at the juncture of SoHo and Little Italy. Definitely recommended for budget travellers, and I hope to stay here next time around! We also lucked out getting a spacious corner room, Room 303---highly recommended.
bubble_10	I made reservations for 4 rooms with double beds for a two-night stay. The rooms was average, you get what you pay for. After exploring NYC, I arrived back to the hotel room and at the entrance of the door; water was dripping from the ceiling. The floor was covered with water even though housekeeping put one bucket on the floor. It was very dangerous because the water was all over the light switch. I reported it to the front desk, and he said to talk to the management in the morning. In the morning, I asked if management can do anything about it, like a possible discount on that night, or maybe a refund. They replied, "There is nothing we can do, the rooms are already cheap and we cannot do anything in the computer to change it."
bubble_30	I stayed st the Sohotel over new years one year, and it was so exciting.  I am not from NYC so being right in the middle of the bustle was so fun.  I thought the loud noises, and the slighty rundown look of the hotel added to my experience.  I think that being one block from the subway, and right in the middle of chinatown and little italy completely submerged me in what is new york.  I really felt like I was a part of the city.  The place was basic, bed bath and not much beyond, but in NYC do you really want to sit in your room anyway!!  I came home to sleep, and then hit the toen on the subway.  If you are on business it may not be the place for ou, but if you are looking to be fully submerged and included in new york...SOHOTEL
bubble_50	I have stayed at the Sohotel twice within the past year:  In August of 2003, while visiting New York with a friend, we moved here in the middle of the night after my friend discovered a mutant-sized roach in our room up the street at Bowery's Whitehouse Hotel (I highly recommend that place for a cheap room and funky atmosphere - I would stay again, despite the bug).  She insisted we change hotels, and the manager at the Whitehouse suggested the Sohotel "the oldest hotel in New York."  We loved it - the rooms are comfortable, the bathrooms are clean (as a general rule, always wear flipflops in the shower), Broome St. is usually quiet at night.  The narrow, green hallways are deliciously eerie, oh-so-Noo-Yawk.  The staff is not friendly, but not rude either - it's strictly
bubble_10	This is the most horrible hotel I've ever stayed at.  I really regret not listening to my friends about spending more money for a more safe and clean place to sleep in a city like New York.  I am not a picky person.  I always stay at motels such as Motel 6.  This hotel is really dirty.  I found cockroaches in my bathroom.  The night staff looked like they were selling drugs behind the counter.  There were many guests hanging out in the hallways looking like they were prostitutes.  The  looks of many of the guests and workers there made me feel like my things would get stolen if I lefted any posessions in my room so I didn't go out that evening.  After feeling like I can't leave my room, I felt  like my vacation was a waste.  I lefted the next day and checked into a more reputive
bubble_30	SoHotel is the place to stay if you're on a budget, don't mind stairs and don't care about frills.  It's your basic bed and shower, not much to look at but has clean towels and linens.  The price is right and it has an international flair.    Located on Broome and Bowery walking distance from SoHo, Little Italy, Chinatown and the Lower East Side, near great little cafes and delis on Spring St.  Give it a try on your next NY adventure.
bubble_30	I was pleasantly surprised with this place after leaving the "crack motel" on 116th st that i had originally booked through expedia, sight unseen. after 3 long nights of partying at the bar next door (highly recommend, cute bartenders, great music), and all over downtown, i loved coming here to crash out. the water pressure and hot water amounts were great considering the age of the hotel and the room was always warm. we were traveling in november so, coming into a warm hotel after a cold rainy walk home was great. yeah, the hotel staff was a little rude, but hey, what do you expect, it's a crappy job to stay up all night and deal with drunk tourists. the sheets were clean and the cleaning ladies always left the pillows i had brought from home, so that's great too. i'm going to
bubble_20	Avoid any rooms on the Bowery-side of the hotel: incredibly noisy garbage trucks go by all night long. I also had a problem with the heat in my room. There was just a bare steam pipe running through the room---no register, no way to control the heat. The staff is not helpful.
bubble_20	Availibility and rates are good during the holidays. The hospitality is awful. People are very rude especialy if you are foreign and are not fluent in English. As a student I am not very demanding, BUT the rooms are extreamly small and in poor conditions. But I guess that's the price for $65 a night in New York.   Other than the mentioned above, the location of the hotel was pretty good. Everything was close even if the neighborhood is not very nice.
