bubble_50	Stayed for 6 nights at The Gregory with two friends. We had a great stay. Hotel location is perfect, spacious & clean room. Comfy beds & pillows were great to come back to after a long day of walking. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_40	A really good location just off of 5th Avenue and round the corner from the Empire State.    The room is boutique in design but perfectly clean and functional.  A few rough patches in terms of old and deterioating decor, but now show stoppers.    Friendly and helpful staff.  Stayed here for business and can't see a reason why i wouldn't stop here again.
bubble_40	The Gregory is in the perfect location for me! Half a block from a subway that takes you the length of Manhattan! Perfect for accessing so many places!   The staff were amazing. Nothing was too much for them. We stayed as part of my 30th birthday celebrations. Unbeknown to me, my mum had contacted them prior to our visit and they put a bottle of fizz with a lovely note in our room and gave us a fantastic view of the Empire State Building!   The rooms are a little small, but it's what I expect from a big city. The decor was fab and the bed was super comfortable!   The only thing that let it down for me was the air-con/heating unit. It was quite noisy and so we couldn't have it on of a night. Without that, it would be a 5, no hesitation!  I would definitely stay again!
bubble_40	We stayed as a group of 6 - 2 x 3 in a room.  Perfect.  Would definitely return.  Brilliant location, so central to all main attractions.  The hotel is extremely clean and the rooms very comfortable.  Great beds.  Amazing having our own bar downstairs and Bryce the barman pours a mean drink.  Last time we stayed in a big hotel and this one is intimate and the staff are so welcoming. Thoroughly recommend this place.  The only downside for us was that one of our rooms faced out on the main street which was quite noisy - the city that never sleeps!.  If you are a light sleeper that room could be a problem. Would definitely recommend booking a tour of the city on a luxury tour bus.  'Tour Guide J' took us around the city on our first day (6.5 hrs) which saved us hours of trying to
bubble_10	It looks a thousand times nicer in their photos.  So you're disappointed as soon as you walk in, it only gets worse from there.  1 tiny elevator for the whole hotel, they don't bother fixing the second one.  No safe in our room, it had been taken out and it was an empty steel box.  $80 for late check-out.  Something like a $40 hidden charge everyday for 'free wifi.'  Place is old, no money spent on it and you can stay in the same area somewhere much newer and renovated for the same price.
bubble_10	One of the worst hotel experience we ever had. Everything about the hotel is unacceptable. Curtains in the rooms are broken and really dirty so you can't open them for light during the day, there is so much noise in the room that you need ear plugs to sleep. Bathrooms are filthy and smells horrible, you cant keep the bathroom door open for a minute before your room start smelling like public toilet. Elevator was broken most of the time and taking those scary stairs is not at a good idea. Staff was ok but reluctant to help when told about all the issues, they gave us few more room options but they were as bad as the room we got. They don't have heater for each room and only run them in the night, it was freezing at 35 degrees during the day but they won't turn that on. I am never
bubble_50	Brian and Bogdan are the most outstanding staff at the Gregory Hotel New York. We had an extraordinary stay at this quaint boutique, comfortable and super clean Midtown Manhattan hotel! Every staff is friendly and helpful. They welcomed us like no other hotel staff and eased our stress from missing our 1am red eye overseas flight. They were so friendly that we decided to stay in Manhattan instead. The Gregory will be our forever Midtown Manhattan hotel!
bubble_50	Had a very pleasant stay indeed and many thanks for outstanding friendly service to the Lads! Hasta Pronto Chicos! Peter & Claudia. Highly recommend this quaint boutique hotel, and definitely looking forward to staying with you soon.
bubble_50	Great people and a great place to stay! With easy access to the Herald Square station and nestled on West 35th between 5th and 6th, The Gregory was the perfect location for us to call home during our midtown NYC stay. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel comfortable and welcome. Our room was immaculate and quiet with a great view of the Empire State building and the surrounding area. The shower was hot, and the beyond comfortable king-sized bed was Heaven to collapse into at the end of walking the city each day! The morning coffee provided paired perfectly with the pastries we bought from the shop around the corner and stashed in our fridge each night. We enjoyed our stay at The Gregory and cant wait to return!
bubble_20	We booked this hotel as a treat to ourselves, based on how stylish and upmarket it looked - but the reality was VERY different. The room was tired, with broken blinds, no control over the heating/air-con and peeling paint/scuffed furniture. The radiator made a loud banging/hissing noise throughout the night and it became incredibly hot and uncomfortable... but then freezing during the day. We also didn't have the right number of robes/towels in the room and they were very slow to rectify that.  The staff were mixed - one man was lovely but the other two people who served us were despondent and barely acknowledged us. We weren't told about wifi, the discount at the restaurant etc and everyone failed to mention there would be an event taking over the hotel during our stay.  Other
bubble_40	Lovely boutique hotel with an bar and restaurant.  Comfy beds and nice bathroom for its size.  The front desk employees were very pleasant.  Good location for Empire State Building and Herald Square area.
bubble_10	My stay at The Gregory was very bad. Upon getting in to the room, which was very late at night due to a delayed flight, I immediately messaged my company's travel service to cancel the second night of my stay, and left at 6am the next day in order to relocate to another hotel.  My room overall felt very grimy and made me uncomfortable to say the least.  I am glad to say that the bedding itself was clean and I felt comfortable sleeping on the linens, though the mattress was very uncomfortable. There was chipping and water damaged areas on the clearly very old popcorn ceiling. The furniture was all scuffed and the lower section of the radiator cover was propped up on some old wood. The radiator began to clank so loudly in the middle of the night that I woke up at 3am (and then
bubble_40	This is a boutique style hotel. Although the rooms are small, like most hotels in NYC, but this hotel was very clean. Beds very comfortable, good size bathroom. Front desk staff are friendly and helpful. Complimentary morning coffee in the restaurant. Excellent location! Would definitely return.
bubble_50	My sister and I have been staying at the Gregory Hotel twice a year, in all its name changes since 2005.  There are many hotels to choose from in New York, but only the Gregory has the kind, professional, efficient staff who always go above and beyond to make our stay the best it can be.  Yes the hotel is not slick and it has its quirky elements, but it is real.  I can't say enough about the helpfulness and graciousness of the staff.  We always feel like we are coming home each time we return to the Gregory.  We are octogenarians and appreciate the safe neighborhood as we often walk down 35th from the subway station at midnight.  And the convenience of the subway - just great. Kudos to the staff - they show what hospitality really is. Thanks to all of them.
bubble_30	We enjoyed staying at the Gregory on business.  Edgar and the rest of the staff made a nice effort to make us feel welcome.  It was a good value and had a great location, no far from Penn Station.  We will definitely come again.
bubble_40	A lot of great staff at the hotel. Our cleaner Janet was very friendly and helpful. Main problem is that the hotel itself is fairly old and in need for renovation. The curtains in my room is falling apart and the air conditioning is very loud.   Location is great and nearby are has a great selection of restaurants. Overall a good stay.
bubble_20	Great staff but they cannot compensate for the very poor state of the rooms. Filthy windows. Paint that was haphazardly slopped on and all over windows. All rooms have a window unit for cooling with one temp for heat through the whole building. The hotel looks great online but get on the elevator- needs a major remodel. I was upgraded from a really ugly sloppy put together room to a nicer room- still with the very cheap window unit, more filthy windows. slightly scratchy sheets- felt like no expense was overlooked- meaning they did everything on the cheap. The walls are paper thin- slamming doors and a gym that smells like plastic from the flooring.
bubble_40	This hotel is ideally located in the middle of Manhattan close to all main attractions. Can be very noisy at night due to the location but after walking all day we still able to get a good night sleep. Staff were very friendly and helpful. We had issues with our  room keys not working but resolved quickly. Lovely hotel and would use again when we come back to NYC.
bubble_40	The lobby has a welcoming retro look. The location is very good as it is close to many subway lines and close to both major train stations (we walked to the hotel with out luggage from Penn Station). We ate dinner at three different locations right across the street from the hotel and once at the hotel - all good options. As an older hotel, rooms are small (three adults in our party) which wasn't an issue with us but I can see it could be for some people. Front desk service was very friendly. As a gym user, I found the room uncomfortably humid.
bubble_50	Right by the Herald Square subway stop and in the heart of manhattan. It's a decent value for a fairly swanky space. Really helpful staff from check-in to check-out. Lots of sirens nearby so if you're a light sleeper, that could be an issue.
bubble_40	what a fantastic central location to walk to the vast majority of everything a tourist would want to see across Manhattan. Really friendly and knowledgeable staff 24/7. My first trip to NY and I'll be coming back to The Gregory.
bubble_50	I stayed in New York's Gregory Hotel for 6 nights during the 2019 New York Bridal Fashion Week. Things that are important to me during this week of work are: location, easy access, a clean room with lots of storage, comfy bed, well-functioning bathroom, fast internet, good desk ergonomics, a quiet room and good service. This hotel met all of my needs and exceeded all expectations. They will be seeing me again!! More details:  This hotel was centrally located for easy walking/taxi/lyft rides throughout town. The internet was blazing fast which was essential for me in uploading large quantities of big image files to my magazine. My room had tons of storage for all of my gear and clothes - generous closet, drawers & big night stands with shelves. The bathroom was probably the best
bubble_50	We had 7 nights at The Gregory Hotel.  Great location you are amongst it all and you do hear NYC going 24/7. 200 m walk to the steps of the orange line that can take you up and down town and walking distance to Penn Station which is major hub.  Herald Square was only 5 min walk.  You are surrounded by food chain outlets street food cart vendors and bars restaurants and Pubs all with in walking distance.  Over all Hotel experiences was great staff where helpful rooms where spacious and refreshed daily.  This hotel has bar fridges in all rooms. So great to get your breakfast and snack essentials. The hotel does off free coffee and Tea up till 10am.  And the king bed was amazing!  Highly the King room which was great to have the lounge to sit on and have breakfast in the room
bubble_50	10 of us met up at The Gregory for a birthday celebration. The hotel has a lot of character and was very clean and comfortable. Great location and easy to get around.  Michael Martinez and his staff were extremely helpful and added to the experience. I highly recommend a stay at The Gregory,
bubble_20	After recently returning from our trip to the Gregory I was disappointed in the hotel. After arriving at midnight we were greeted by an unpleasant and unhelpful receptionist who was both rude and unprofessional; as the first impression of the Gregory hotel I would advise the manager to change staffing! After asking for a cup of tea we were told it wasnt possible, we were also told there was no kettle in the room which was disappointing, we received no help with our luggage and the other lady who was supposedly there to assist spent most of her time on her phone and didnt bat an eyelid. We complained to the management the following morning due to the uncleanliness of the room, browning blinds, stains on the walls. Certainly not expected of a four star hotel. The continental
bubble_50	We stayed in the Gregory with our family of 5. Upon arrival we asked if we could get our rooms earlier due to our arrival time which was arranged perfectly. Location is excellent in the center of Manhattan with a very helpful and friendly staff. Abdoulaye Diop took personally care of a cuddle cloth my daughter forgot in the hotel which she had since her birth as a gift from her grandfather. It was retrieved and shipped back to the Netherlands with the cheapest mail service available. Thank you so much!
bubble_50	We had a great stay - the hotel has plenty of character! Very clean, comfortable bed and pillows! Location is one block from Macy's with Irish & Korean restaurants across the street. We would definitely stay again.
bubble_40	Fantastic staff, convenient location, wound up in a corner room which had ample space as well. Overall I was quite happy, though a couple of key elements could be improved. One of the dressers and one of the blinds were damagedvisual only, so not the end of the world, but should be replaced to remain cohesive to the aesthetic/feel of the rest of the hotel. Also, there's no coffeemaker in the room (they offer free coffee downstairs), which was less than ideal.   As mentioned in several other reviews, their staff is incredibly friendly and attentive!
bubble_40	This hotel has a lot of charm and a lot of its original boning. We stayed in the Tailored King on the 6th floor. The room was very small and the layout didn't leave must room to move around. No VEIW worth mentioning. Fortunately for us,there was a problem with our bathroom door and we had our room switched to another Tailored King on the 11th floor. This room was MUCH larger and had view of the Empire State Building that we were able to see from our bed through three large windows. The blinds were broken so we had to roll the blinds up and tuck them on top of the window. Other than that... everything was fine. The staff was very polite and friendly and even allowed us to check out after the regular checkout time of 12pm. There are plenty of things to do in the area that are
bubble_50	This is a good hotel. But the staff is what made it special. From check-in to Check out. Always greeted with a sincere smile and a helpful attitude. Make sure you spend time chatting with Bogdan. Hes a joy! Like conversing with a kind, worldly professor. Next time Im inviting him out for a coffee and Ill be asking lots of questions and taking notes.  This team made the trip that much more memorable
bubble_50	A great stay in a beautiful place! The location is central and perfect. Subway very close and The room is so confortable and pretty. Milady and Boggie are particularly kind and helpful. My son and I will go back in this hotel for our next trip in NYC.
bubble_40	We like the Hotel in general, the staff was very nice to us, the first night our room was pretty bad so we ask for a change for a new room. The second room excellent! We did not like the bed and at night it was always very but very noisy !!
bubble_50	Great place to spend a few nights in Manhattan, Clean and spacious room, very nice Lobby and Bogdan who greeted us was a complete pleasure to deal with. There is a restaurant connected to the hotel that serves traditional pub food in a classic manhattan atmosphere.
bubble_50	The guy at the entrance (Can't remember his name. Has 6 kids...) showed great hospitality. The location is very good! Rooms are comfort and ok in size. Beds were great. I would recommend this hotel. Book in advance to get good prices.
bubble_20	Since our review was deleted for aine reason I left an ok review for what we got for our money. I would return to New York but not at this hotel. Cockroaches running around the bathroom. We asked for it to be sprayed and they returned the next night. They offered us another room for the last night. Room was ok but not what was shown on the advert.
bubble_30	Staff was friendly throughout and helpful for  taxis etc . Awful free coffee out of an urn in the morning but plenty of nice coffee shops nearby . Great location easily walkable to Times Square and 2 minutes to Macys. Very noisy room as there is no sound  proofing windows. Comfy beds , soft bedlinen and clean. If you can sleep through noise or if you are exhausted by doing the tourist thing  its the hotel for you
bubble_40	We stayed for 5 nights and the Gregorary is in a great location. Staff were efficient and friendly, room was clean and good bed.  Abdul and Edgar were always helpful and efficient. Minor maintenance issue with the sink was fixed very quickly.  Brendans was a nice and friendly bar restaurant.
bubble_10	Bring your flashlight!  The lighting in the room is so poor it is impossible to read anything and you will need a flashlight to navigate to the lou!  Heat goes on during night at full blast and no way to turn down the temperature!!   If you are blind and do not mind 95 degree temperature in the night then this would be a perfect hotel for you.
bubble_50	I stayed at the hotel for three nights. It has a great location and also great service. The hotel is connected to a restaurant that will set you up with breakfast, lunch or dinner as well as a bar. A special shoutout to Edgar who provided above and beyond services, thanks!
bubble_30	Having been to NYC a total of 7 times, this trip my partner and I came across The Gregory, and based on the photos, the supposed amenities, location and price we booked. Sadly, it didn't meet our expectations.  I don't like to write a negative review, but it's important future guests weigh up the reality of this hotel, and make a decision based on the reviews left by others. The good: the location, there's no question it's very central and right next to a subway which is great.  Bodgan, one of the staff, was the star of this hotel.  He is so welcoming, helpful and friendly, and in my opinion he should be managing the hotel and training the other staff, who weren't unfriendly but certainly didn't go over and above with customer service. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom
bubble_40	Me and my husband stayed at The Gregory for my 30th birthday. The hotel looked lovely from the outside and was very easy to find.  On arrival, we were a couple of hours early so our room wasnt ready. The gentleman was very nice and allowed us to either sit down and wait, leave our bags and go out or pay to upgrade to a Queen room for $40. We decided to upgrade. There was a lift up to our room on the 5th floor. The room was very basic and slightly disappointing. Didnt meet the standard I expected at all. It definitely wasnt as nice as the pictures and needs some tlc. There was a queen bed (which was very comfy), towels, kettle, cups, shampoo, conditioner, hand lotion, shower gel, bath robe, hairdryer and docking station. The toiletries provided smelt divine.  The room was
bubble_50	Great location, near to Empire State Building, a few minutes walk from 5th Avenue, Time Square and Broadway theaters.Possibility to easily reach by underground places of interest One world observatory, Memorial 9/11, ferries to Liberty Island and Ellis Island.  Efficient staff, very helpful, particularly Bogdan. To be strongly recommended. Edith from Italy
bubble_50	The Gregory has been excellent.  Staff have been very friendly and helpful, Magic Mike especially!  Rooms were a great size, even for 3 adults.  Hotel is in a great location and a great base to explore all of Manhattan - we walked everywhere.  Would definitely return again in the future.
bubble_50	Without question the hotel and staff made our holiday friendly, clean ,accommodating and great location will tell anyone i know about this hotel if they are taking trip to new york and most definitely i will stay again
bubble_30	This hotel is in a great location. Very easy to get around the city. Our only downside was the musky smell in the room. We were only there for 2 nights and mainly spent the day/night away from the room.
bubble_50	Quaint and beautiful boutique hotel. Employees fantastic- especially our favorite (Edgar) who gave us all the details on where to go and what to see on our 3 days in NYC! Hotel is centrally located and walking distance to so many points of interest.
bubble_50	I would highly recommend the hotel location was perfect right by Empire State Building and Heralds Square, tons of restaurants, pubs/bars within walking distance.  The rooms where spotless staff super friendly and helpful.
bubble_30	We were so looking forward to our stay at the Gregory.  However, the lack of a decent ventilation system made our stay quite uncomfortable.  The a/c system was antiquated and created wide swings in temperature throughout the night.  The noise from the unit was disruptive to everyones sleep.
bubble_50	We stayed for s quick overnight getaway while in town to see a show.  The staff was friendly and made an effort to make our stay feel personal. I had called a few days before to confirm out reservation and noted we're coming to celebrate my husband's birthday and asked for a nice view.  Upon check & again via text they were sure to wish hom a happy birthday.  They also have us a room with an Empire State Bldg. view.  The room was spotless,  beds were super comfortable and location is outstanding.  We were traveling via Penn Station and were only a few blocks away. We'd love to stay here again in these future.
bubble_50	Loved our stay at The Gregory.  Spacious, clean room with comfortable bed.  We had a room with a king bed and sofa bed and it was plenty of room for 3 people (2 adults and a 10 year old).  Location is great and staff are super attentive and friendly.  Will definitely be staying again
bubble_40	Pleasant hotel in an excellent location, reasonably priced, clean rooms, friendly efficient service, overall a good experience.  Don't get a high floor room facing the street, as a rooftop bar across the way can be noisy.
bubble_40	Overall a fine experience. Perfect for a weekend at a convention. The room is quite spacious even though it only houses one king bed, a desk, and a sofa chair (as well as the bathroom and mandatory closet space).
bubble_50	Edgar and the crew were attentive and very helpful. Our room was decent sized and clean. The bed was comfortable and had lots of pillows. I didn't realize it when I booked our room, but the hotel has a great location. We were within easy walking distance for almost everywhere we wanted to go. It was a great place to stay for my first NYC experience.
bubble_30	The location is very good and close to Times Square. But the space inside the room we got was very limited with just enough space for one person to walk around. The beds were not very comfortable to sleep in( too wiggly). Our Ill luck, the TV did not work and there was no one available to fix it. They could have offered to switch our rooms.
bubble_50	Edgar and Brian were more than accommodating. Really appreciated their helpfulness and flexibility. I Would highly recommend The Gregory and plan on staying here many more times in the future. Thanks!
bubble_50	The doorman Edgar was great. He was really nice.The room was really nice, a really good size. The bathroom was also nice and spacious. I went for my birthday weekend and had a really nice time. Its also in a great location.
bubble_30	Bogdan , very helpful , very professional , very polite , a credit to the hotel... The rest very rude , from Ian and Lisa ...... Had a room change as there was no safe in room , charged extra 20 DOLLARS per night , and ended up with a bill of 197 dollars and still carnt explain what these charges are for?????
bubble_40	A good hotel in an excellent  position in the centre of the city.You can reach every place on foot. The rooms are small but clean and comfortable.The service is good.Near the hotel there are shops and restaurants.
bubble_50	We had the best time exploring NYC. The Gregory is the perfect location. Right by the iconic Empire State Building so very easy to locate if you lose your bearings. Macys at the bottom of the street if you want to shop and Times Square a short walk for nightlife.  Big thanks to Brian and Edgar for being great hosts and arranging the most charismatic taxi driver to safely takes us to the airport. As Edgar said 'New York will call you back' and we have no doubt that after such a great time, we will one day see NYC and the Gregory again.
bubble_50	The Gregory Hotel is a wonderful hotel located in the heart of NYC. Abdul and staff have always been accommodating and have made trips to the city as comfortable as possible. I will be staying at the Gregory for future visits.
bubble_30	Would be much better if the hotel can; 1. change the carpet in the room; 2. replace some of the very old cracked forfeitures; 3. clean the window in the room; 4. wash the curtain, it was very dusty when you roll up and down
bubble_40	The staff provided great service!  They were very helpful and friendly.  The lobby was very nice and unique.  The bedroom was very spacious room, especially for a NYC hotel.  I've stayed in many in the past, and the rooms are normally very tight.   The elevator is extremely small.  It's a size of small closet.  The bathrooms were clean but could use some updating.  Very old fashioned bathtub and tile.  My room was located in a noisy section.  No sound barrier from the outside.
bubble_50	A big thank you to you all at The Gregory, we had a wonderful time celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary.   You certainly made us feel so very welcome, the surprise bottle of wine in our room so so very kind, a really nice touch to our stay.   Our king size room was very spacious, very clean the bed was very comfy. The icing on the cake was the view of the Empire State Building from the room.  All of the staff was so very nice, but we must make a special mention to Bogdan, such a lovely chap, but really all of you guys work hard to make the guests feel welcome.   We would certainly use this hotel again its a beautiful hotel in a great location.  Mr and mrs Potterton
bubble_50	Bogdan  was amazing, the hospitality he showed us made our experience even more wonderful, the beds are comfortable rooms spacious and clean, the food at Brendans was superb! We will definitely be back!
bubble_20	I stayed at the Gregory for 2 nights. After the first night, I informed the hotel that the overhead lights in the room weren't working. They said they'd work on it but ultimately did not fix it or even work on it or update me on what they did. My stay would have been fine if they had fixed the lights. But that is poor service, and when you pay for a room you at least expect the lights to work.
bubble_30	Bogdan is the kindest , courtesy front  door greeter ever! Wish they had coffee machines in the rooms. Good for short stays. EatstBon Joo next door for great great food. Old, small rooms but very clean. Great , friendly staff.
bubble_50	Wonderful service and location.  The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable, but because it was a front facing room, the street noise at night was a little loud.  This happens almost anywhere in NYC tho.  Very quaint hotel.  Will definitely stay again.
bubble_10	$400 a night and my room was not even clean. 2 pairs of dirty underwear from the last guest were hanging in my room and broken glass on the carpet went into my foot. Reported this to the front desk and asked that the Manager contact me, but he didn't bother....did not seem to be too concerned when I spoke to him at checkout after having to ask to see him. There are much better hotels in NYC at this price range. I am a frequent visitor to NYC and a last time guest of the Gregory.
bubble_20	The room smelled awful!  The pillows smelled like funky gym clothes making the whole room smell bad! The hotel needs some serious updating.  The location was great and the price was good but I am positive that I will NOT be returning to this hotel.
bubble_50	Our stay at The Gregory was a great experience. The front desk staff were very professional and welcoming. Our rooms were overall very clean and comfortable. Parking our car at the parking garage across the street was very convenient, and easy, as was getting around the city since Penn Station was only a few blocks away. Thank you for making our stay so great, we hope to be back!
bubble_50	Our second visit to the Gregory Hotel New York. Location fantastic Service outstanding Breakfast Great and the Rooms are clean and comfortable. Our go to place in NY. Lively bar attached and many local Restaurants
bubble_50	I liked the hotel a lot. It is very fashionable and cosy. Hotels location is awesome! My room (#809) was nice and large. I had corner rounded windows with an Empire State Building view. The only one negative thing I can mention is that it has a very small bathroom with a tiny bathtub.  I believe the price I payed ($180 per night) was reasonable. Also the hotel suggests an early check-in option for $50. My room was ready by 10 a.m.
bubble_50	This was such a cute place! Its so near the Empire State Building and walking distance to Bryant park. Had a lovely time. Would recommend. Also the set of shampoo & conditioner were great! I had to buy a set to go.  Edgar & Boenan were great help!
bubble_50	A lovely hotel right in the middle of everything. Beautiful room, excellent beds, clean, good service, especially from Bogdan. It's perfect when you visit New York! I'd gladly stay here again! I highly recommend it. Good value for money.
bubble_40	First time in New York and this hotel was a home away from home.  Very nice locations. A few steps away from Times Square and Broadway.  Subway is also a few steps away. Not to mention, it is just at the back of the famous Empire State.
bubble_50	Very nice hotel!!! The staff (specially Bogdan!), was very nice and helpful, central - right in the middle of everything - the room was nice and clean, and the bed was really wonderful! Slept as an angel after long days in the city. I will stay there next time in New York!!!
bubble_50	I recently had an issue with a booking i had made which had nothing to do with the hotel. The customer service they demonstrated was exemplorary and very welcome indeed. I would particularly like to call out the Operations Manager, Mike Martinez for restoring my faith in the hospitality industry and for putting the customer first. First rate.
bubble_50	I have stayed at many hotels in new york, but this was as good as it gets, especially for such a reasonable (for new york city!) rate.  The location in midtown couldn't have been better.  Our room was far more spacious than most hotels in this price range that we've stayed in. It sounded great on line, although i didn't know a soul who had stayed there. Everyone at the front desk was extremely helpful (thanks, brian), Our room was quite attractive and the bathroom was almost large by new york standards.  i would definitely stay there again.  (just read other reviews; suggest asking for a double room.
bubble_30	Hotel was fine, staff were very good. Location was central and handy for access to the main tourist attractions. On the down side - the blinds in our room would not move up or down and required to be wedged into a suitable location.
bubble_30	Well located walking distance to 5th avenue the park empire state short taxi to downtown hudson park... regular rooms  not a fan of the bathrooms they need a complete make over specialy the tubs ...and the AC tooo old fashion i hated it !
bubble_10	Every time we come down to the city (from upstate), I spend a ridiculous amount of time researching and finding accommodations for us because I know it's going to cost us hundreds of dollars, and to us, that's just a ton of money for somewhere to sleep for the night.  The Gregory was always one of those places I'd wanted to try out because it looked swanky, with a touch of masculine class and smooth ambiance... so when I saw a deal on booking.com, I paid the close to $400 for the night.   Much to our dismay, the room was smaller than we believed we were getting (which could have very well been my own fault) but the bathroom is the smallest and most crammed of any hotel I've ever been in, the shades were broken and literally hanging off the window, the bed was sloppily thrown
bubble_20	They charged me a lot of taxes and when I asked for an explanation the front desk staff werent kind with me. There was no safe box in the room, so i asked to change to another room and they offered me another room much smaller than the one I had payed for, such a joke! And finally the smell of the rooms was terrible.
bubble_30	This hotel didnt live up to our expectations. Generally the staff were friendly and helpful. There was one member of staff who was not very positive. Some of the rooms are small. We changed rooms to be closer to the rest of our party and ended up with a larger room. Most rooms dont have a view as far as I could tell.
bubble_30	Was expecting to find a four-star hotel, but this is maybe 2.5 at best. The staff is what makes it special. We received no reply to a housekeeping request, and the bathroom was very dirty. Think: Random hairs all over the place, cracked ceiling wallpaper, stained bathtub. Would recommend in a pinch, but look elsewhere for cleanliness if that's what you're after.
bubble_50	I recently stayed at The Gregory Hotel, simply based on location. I have to say my expectations were exceeded. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. The room was spotless and very comfortable. The overall aesthetics were amazing. The restaurant offered great service and delicious food. And the location was truly perfect.   If youre looking for a hotel in the garment district The Gregory is definitely the place to stay.
bubble_50	Room was clean and comfortable. Service was very good. Not ultra-fancy but nice old decor. Bogdan at the desk was very friendly, took us up to the roof for a nice view of Macy's and Empire State Building. Highly recommend.
bubble_50	Charlie is my first grandchild and I promised him a trip. He chose NYC and I was happy to comply!  We did the touristy things and met up with friends for the REAL experience. It was a lovely trip for an old grandma and a youngster!
bubble_50	I picked this hotel because it was the cheapest on booking.com in Manhattan. I am not disappointed in any way, recommended! They say the review needs 200 characters minimum so I have to add this nonsense to my review, I am sorry for that.
bubble_50	Very nice boutique hotel. I had a view of the Empire State Building which was cool. The rooms are small, and if I hadnt been alone Im not sure how comfy it would be? But great for one person. My bathroom was roomy and the soaps and shampoos were real nice. Sometimes loud, but its nyc. This hotel has many restaurants near by and is in a great location. I will def stay here again for work.
bubble_40	Location was key, as we were looking for a place close to Penn Station. It was a perfect weekend getaway at reasonable rates for such a prime location. We were greeted kindly by staff throughout the entire trip. Since my husband was not due to arrive the next day, staff made sure I was comfortable until he arrived. We had a cozy corner room with excellent views. Just a heads up, we heard all the hustle and bustle from the city even though we were on the 11th Floor. You get used it..Its not a problem for us. The bathroom area was just a little tight since my husband is quite tall.beds were quite comfy and the 2 bottles of water is a nice personal touch.Having a bar and restaurant downstairs is an absolute plus. Breakfast is not included, unless you book the breakfast package with
bubble_50	Room was small but very manageable. All of the products were great and bottled water included with the room. Loved the location and the ambiance of the hotel.  Natalie the manager during the day went above and beyond assisting me in a family crisis. A relative wandered off and she called the police and then helped when I felt I needed to leave early to make arrangements and get a refund for my room.
bubble_50	This is our second visit to The Gregory- this New York hotel has an old world charm and class with every modem amenity.  We love the warmth of the staff, the beauty of the building and the personalized service.  The location is perfect.  This Hotel makes visiting New York just a little more magical.  Thank you Brian and Abdoul!  We will see you all in December.
bubble_50	5 stars for Brian at The Gregory!!! I mistakenly booked the wrong rooms and he fixed my mistake with no extra fee! I was panicked that I would be out the money for the booking, but he came to my rescue. It was such a pleasure to deal with such a helpful employee. Thanks again!
bubble_30	Stayed here overnight for a work function . The staff was very friendly and the bed was comfy. The bathrooms were clean and having Bigelow products was great.   Very convenient to 34th Street, Times Square, and Chelsea. Walkable to all these locations.
bubble_40	Had a problem with initial booking, but the staff was extremely prompt in providing remedy.  Shout out to Natalie.  Hotel is old, but has a lot of character and rooms were clean.  The restaurant was wonderful.  Would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	Such a beautiful hotel, very clean and comfortable. The staff are all so lovely and friendly, thank you all so much for making our stay so nice and a special thank you to Bogdan for the delicious water everyday we really enjoyed it and you were so so helpful it's greatly appreciated. So sad to leave such a lovely hotel but will definitely be back in the near future with you guys. Highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York not only is it a fantastic hotel but it in an excellent location very central to everything.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed at The Gregory and were very pleased with everything about it.  It is an historical building that had been maintained and is within walking distance of many of the things you want to see in NYC.  Rooms were very nice and very clean.  Staff was super and helpful.  Nice restaurant connected to the hotel with inside access.
bubble_40	We stay here every week. The staff is excellent. Each time we come in, Edgar and Milady are here to help us with a smile and welcome back. We usually need an early check in due to the train schedule from Boston and they are very accommodating. The hotel is located right across the street from the Lookout Roof Top bar where the views are spectacular. The only downside is the hotel is old and the rooms are set up in a European style and not always conducive to working. There is also no valet parking.
bubble_50	The Gregory Hotel was very nice and clean. The staff was great especially Abdul, helping with anything we needed. I would stay here again, went for a girls weekend. Definitely recommend staying here to others.
bubble_50	Nice hotel well located with easy access to the subway, shops., Times Square. Bogan and Brain were the best, staff is very helpful and the rooms are nice and clean. 100% I recommended the hotel and will be coming again
bubble_30	I stayed here 9 nights with my boyfriend, and we were overall satisified with this hotel. The rooms are ok+ and the location very good! Theres no terrace though, and the aircondition is noisy.. The hotel has a bar and a restaurant with good food. Make sure you bring air plugs cause there is a LOT of traffic right outside the hotel, and it can get very noisy at night. We didnt like that the staff decided to cut the water supply for several hours. Ive stayed at many hotels in my life, and there was never any need for that at any of those places..
bubble_50	My second time at The Gregory. Always pleasant and right in the middle of everything. Service level at reception has been kind, informal and super customized. thanks to Bogdan. A true boutique hotel.  To be repeated
bubble_40	From the front desk to the housekeeping staff and all in between, The Gregory's staff was very polite, welcoming, helpful, professional, and accommodating. One note of CAUTION: if at all possible, avoid a street room on the side of The Empire State Building. Why? I was initially in room 504-- on the street side of The Empire State Building-- Weds, and Thursday evenings. The noise was impossible !!! As it turns out, garbage and trash collection trucks deliver their loads to the processing plant there at all hours.  When I asked the Hotel to move me, they were most accommodating and moved me-- without a sur-charge- to the other side on West 35th street-- great move -- room 704. Also, the restaurant and bar of Brendans attached to The Gregory-- very good food, nice menu, reasonably
bubble_20	Paid for a 'Superior' room but got the gloomiest, darkest room I have ever stayed in that called itself 'Superior' three windows all faced out on to brick walls on the 5th floor. The only one that didn't had windows that looked as if they had not been cleaned in the last 20 years... I could see why the blind was drawn. Decent size room for this part of town but a real depressing feel about it and the AC was so loud I could hardly sleep.
bubble_40	Not a luxury hotel but the staff was great - Milady & Edgar! Very friendly and accommodating, welcoming and sending off!  Fitness center REALLY tiny and not well ventilated but you can get a small work out in. Mostly cardio. Room was clean and comforting.  I liked the complimentary use bath robes. Bathroom had a hint of a historic feel but modern.  Did not enjoy the double doors outside my room that banged alot with other guests going in and out. WiFi dependable. Loved Brendan's next door - especially when they could open the front windows. Also exceptionally friendly and accommodating. Location was around the corner from my business meeting spot so worked out very well.
bubble_40	We had a good stay. The hotel is located smack in the middle and easy to reach.  Very friendly staff who stand ready to help and guide you right.  Rooms and bathroom clean and nice. For the rooms with connecting doors, remember that doors are thin and it is easy to overhear things. The couple beside us seemed to have a good time :-)
bubble_50	Front desk staff were so welcoming and accommodating. Lovely chill lobby with places to sit and chill with bar attached. Location was superb. I love being in midtown! The room was spacious, clean, quiet and comfortable. Would stay again!
bubble_30	If you need a quick place to stay than this is it. Nothing great. Hallways and rooms smell like dirty feet from old carpeting. Make sure to upgrade to a king bed otherwise they put you in this room that looks like you are back in college.
bubble_50	We spent two nights at this hotel, the staff were amazing and Mr. Abdoul was very welcoming and made our stay unforgettable. very good location  excellent parking arrangements I differently recommend it!
bubble_50	Recently stayed at The Gregory.  Was a little apprehensive after making the reservation as I did not know the hotel.  It was a excellent choice.  Efficient, friendly staff.  Close to everything and very clean.
bubble_50	This place is very clean and staff is very friendly. In particular Edgar took care of me put some bottles of water after my run. I had a neat little peekaboo view of the Empire State Building. The restaurant downstairs is also excellent for the money. High value.
bubble_50	Excellent hotel have been coming for almost 20 years. Front desk staff are amazing, Guylbie and Milady always very helpful, could not do enough for me.  Excellent location and very close to shopping and transport.
bubble_50	Excellent visit to NYC.  Close to restaurants and sites as well as shows and shopping.  Excellent service by professional and friendly staff.  Helpful and accommodating to insure a successful and pleasurable visit to NYC.
bubble_40	My cousin and I stayed at the Gregory on a girls weekend.  The Hotel is not new but was extremely clean and the staff was outstanding.   Cant say enough about how welcoming and accommodating the staff was, especially Bogdan!  It was over 100 degrees that weekend and after a long hot walk, Bogdan got us towels and water as we were very hot!  We would stay there again!
bubble_40	Personal stay- great location, good value, and great service. Staff was very present and attentive - even kept our bags for hours after checkout due to our flight being delayed. Great proximity to Times Square, Central Park, and the Empire State Building.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel that brings me back to another time. I am picky about cleanliness and The Gregory gets top marks. Food and drinks were very good. Staff took care of me and my colleagues. Highly recommend!
bubble_40	First time to stay there and found it to be a great location....The room was very nice and well designed ... The bath room was small but good.... Did not eat at the hotel but it also had a bar... which is seperate from the hotel. Plenty of places to eat and in the theater district..
bubble_10	Housekeeping stole money out of suitcase. Bathtub was about to fall through floor. Drapes broken. Not enough outlets. Would not give us an extra blanket, only sheets in bed. BAD experience. Stay away!
bubble_30	Arrived today after 4 nights in Boston. Hotel staff fabulous but so disappointed with my room. Bathroom so bad you can't sit on the loo straight, blinds all frayed and tatty and TV impossible to navigate and no ability to make a cup of coffee. Air con unit also sounds like it is going to take off.I am travelling alone and have saved hard for the trip and was really excited about NY. All I want to do atm is cry. Hotel staff have said they will move me tomorrow which also means I can't unpack and get on with my trip, hence why the 3* not 1*. I just hope things improve tomorrow. Really disappointed.
bubble_50	Our room was comfortable, the beds were very soft and the decor reminiscent of 19th century without being stuffy. The location is great, walkable to Penn Station, and breakfast included a plus.   The front desk staff was particularly helpful and pleasant. Will be returning.
bubble_50	We checked in on Friday morning, much earlier than the usual check-in time of 3pm because the room was available.  Our time spent at the hotel was great.  We were greeted very warmly by Brogdan each morning and treated to a refreshing citrus cooler before we headed out.  The drink is amazing and just what you need to refresh yourself in between trips around the city.  Hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.  Definitely recommend this hotel.  We will return.
bubble_30	The hotel is well located and the staff are friendly and polite. The room is clean and well decorated. Unfortunately the air conditioner in the room was so loud it was impossible to sleep. Even when it was turned off it still continued to make noise for a substantial period of time afterwards. So as long as you dont want a good nights sleep the hotel is a very good one.
bubble_50	I stayed at The Gregory for 5 nights in hot July. I was welcomed by very friendly and helpful staff. I checked in 4 hours early. Awesome! The bed was clean and comfortable as was the room. The air conditioning worked perfectly. The view out of my room to the Empire State Building was a surprise. It was exciting! The elevators posed no problems. The gym was adequate for 30 minutes. My stay was great and I will return. Bogdan and Edgar are superb individuals and went well out of their way to assist me in my stay. Great guys! Thank you both. Awesome!
bubble_50	Very clean hotel. Nice staff. The only con, was our bathroom sink didn't drain properly. Other than that, it was very close to MSG, subway, and Time Square.The staff cleaned our room every morning and provided new towels.
bubble_50	Location is great - was working in Midtown East but it was great to have a 25 minute walk in the mornings and evenings to clear my head and feel like I was escaping from the UN.   Room was great - high ceilings and lots of light. Internet was reliable, shower good, room really clean. No street noise which can be a problem in NYC. Staff were always helpful and friendly.  No room service but I think this is a good thing - lots of convenience stores nearby and good sized fridge in the room. And then great restaurants in the area, and the Irish Bar attached is nice. Also a really good roof bar right across the street - The LookUp.   All in all would highly recommend, and will stay again myself.
bubble_40	Wonderful hotel near Penn Station for the value and location. Friendly office and front desk staff- Boogie is there to help you with your bags, etc.  there were some hidden fees when we booked the room, but they removed them as a one time courtesy. ($45 fee for computer use, gym, 10%off their restaurant, Better WiFi, etc.) the room was cool with black and white decor & the Empire State Building was right outside our window!  There were some minor issues in our room that were explained before we checked in, so no worries. The heavy curtains were broken and had to be pulled back manually to see outside & the cabinets/ drawers to the fridge mini bar were broken and never closed. These were minor inconveniences and we werent bothered by them.  I would stay here again for the value
bubble_50	I found this hotel on booking.com and it was a great find. The room size was above average for most NYC hotels. It is a great place to stay if tin transit. The hotel also houses Brendans restaurant which serves great food and beverages.
bubble_40	Good hotel with friendly staffs and tasty breakfast, also great accessibility to main attractions like empire state building. The only shortcoming is rooms are a little compact but its been there since about 1920s.
bubble_50	Fantastically situated hotel in central manhattan. Everything is walkable or metro a stones throw.  Rooms are a good size and well equipped including fabulously comfortable beds. We only had breakfast in the hotel which was great with good size portions and tasting fantastic.
bubble_10	From the moment I booked this hotel, I struggled with their terrible customer service. I wanted to lengthen my stay at the hotel and the staff hung up on me three times. the first two was via keeping me on hold for more than ten minutes, then the third time mid-sentence. Finally, I just had to call back at a different time when that very rude clerk wasn't on the clock. They also gave away our room because they overbooked the hotel !! Finally, they agreed to at least validate our parking for the weekend, which was false so we had to pay full price anyway.  Moreover, the rooms smelled moist and musty. Worst hotel in NYC.
bubble_10	I was in this hotel 3 years ago and I was enthusiastic. So I was happy to come back here. BUT it has changed a lot since then. The rooms are ran down. The air containing in our room was old and super noisy. Using it with hairdryer caused a blackout in the room. The room was not clean and had a very bad smell.  Only good point: EDGAR, a very nice guy at the reception, that helped us with taxi and luggage once leaving.  For the rest, a hotel to cancel from our list for ever!
bubble_50	I went for the Thanksgiving 2018, it was absolutely gorgeous. Our hotel was a few feet from the street from where the parade passed by, we were walking distance from Times Square along with a bunch of other sites and we ate daily at TOAST, the best deli in NY. The staff at the hotel was very kind and accommodating. Our rooms was quaint and comfy and warm. This is definitely a hotel for a special occasion.
bubble_50	We loved our stay, great location near everything,  great services, the staff is very polite and is always there to help you , great hotel, great stay. Even there is no parking lot, there is one just near by. I will recommand it. The room insonorisation is good,
bubble_50	This is our 4th visit toThe Gregory which is a great central location in Manhattan. The doormen  Boogy and Edgar both remembered us, and were extremely helpful with any and all of our questions and concerns. The Hotel atmosphere is great. Everyone treats you like old friends. Looking forward to going back again in the near future.
bubble_40	First and foremost, Bogdan is the amazing man who will greet you outside the hotel and bring your luggage inside and take care of you. If you are an open person this delicious human being will become your friend. I felt as if I was coming to a friend's home rather than a hotel being greeted by Bogdan. The room I was in (909) was clean, updated, etc. The curtains didn't work well but that was nothing. I was there for business and the carpets were clean, the bathroom was clean and nice, and the bed was comfortable. The restaurant attached had a good breakfast. It is small but lovely. Again, Bogdan was key for my happiness there.
bubble_40	We truly enjoyed our stay at The Gregory and found the Hotel staff to be incredibly friendly and helpful. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable and we loved the central location for the ability to walk everywhere!
bubble_50	I want to begin by saying Bogdan was amazing! He made us feel welcome and offered to check in our bags early since the rooms were not ready. He is very very friendly and a kind man! I would come back to the hotel he will be one of the biggest reasons. The rest of the staff is very friendly and professional too. Amazing stay the rooms were clean and AC was great in the summer heat. Location is amazing and I loved the little boutique!
bubble_50	This quiet unassuming classy hotel is clean, comfortable and so close to so many things.  This is my second stay and brought employees this time.  They were impressed.  They have a Gem in their Concierge/Doorman. He is a Great Resource and very helpful.
bubble_50	The staff Bogdan is very nice , and he provides excellent service, helping us with our bags. The facilities in the hotel is great, the double room is large enough for 3 of us to live in. I will definitely choose to stay in the Gregory Hotel next time I visit New York.  Samson
bubble_50	Lovely boutique hotel with great front line staff. The rooms are small but very clean and cool. The concierges are wonderful - Concierge Bogdan, thank you especially for your hospitality and assistance. Would recommend this hotel for its location and class.
bubble_50	First time in NYC and we felt very lucky to have chosen The Gregory.  The hotel is ideally located in midtown for many of the city's premier attractions and we were fortunate to have a room with a view of the Empire state building, which is on the next street. Waking up and the first thing you see is this iconic building was one our many highlights Maceys is 2 minutes walk away & Times Square is under a ten minute walk or one stop on the subway (station next to Maceys) Our room on the 8th floor was perfect with a very comfy bed and most importantly for my wife a hairdryer, the bathroom was on the small side but perfectly acceptable. There is Wi-Fi access at no extra charge with bottled water also provided FOC. The hotel is next door to Brendons a friendly Irish bar accessed
bubble_30	The hotel is in a great location. Short walk from Penn Station, close to Empire State Building, Maceys, Times Square, Madison Sq gardens, Broadway and walkable to Central Park too.  Clean and old fashioned. But no kettle ! Or hairdryer ! Lots of nice towels, and beds very comfy which made up for other lacking parts. No view and room small in my opinion. Staff not very friendly and werent t able to answer the one question we had about a local bus- we found answer on Google in end !
bubble_10	You don't find out about the "resort fee" of $40/night until after you have made your non-refundable purchase.  Thievery.  Otherwise there was no problem.  But the room would not have been competitive at +$40/night.
bubble_50	It was my second time i brought my family to The Gregory Hotel, because the rooms are clean, comfortable, quiet and great location. On reception we're greeted by Mr Bogdan who was very kind to everyone, and we're appreciate it.
bubble_50	This was our first time as a family to New York. I was a little apprehensive as I was unsure what to expect in America.  However the trip was a success!  We stayed at the Gregory  Hotel in New York. I have to be honest, the staff were wonderful and  we could not have asked for more, in particular Bogdan and Edgar lovely gentleman whom we could have a laugh with and share a joke!  New York is a lovely place to travel to, missing the lovely people and hospitality of the hotel.
bubble_50	Everything was great.  At that price (through Hotwire) is simply amazing for such a nice NYC Hotel.  Very close to Korea Town, MSG and Jacob K. Jacovits Convention Center and Empire State Building and Times Square.  Excellent location.
bubble_40	Good hotel especially for its price. The AC was just a window unit that needed maintenance. The room itself was a little abused but not bad. Do not waste your money in the restaurant off the lobby. Much better food found elsewhere. The staff was super nice.
bubble_50	Great hotel and great location. Staff very friendly. Rooms very cozy and clean. Fortunately my daughter and I had only 1 suitcase as would have been a squeeze with 2. Restaurant on site very useful. Service and food good.
bubble_50	We spend the weekend in the city and stayed in this hotel. It's an older hotel which appears to be renovated. It gave the feeling of old NY. Great rooms, not large but up to city standards except for the corner room which was fabulous. Good location, friendly staff especially BOGDAN ( Boogie) . He was most impressive. Had the energy of a 16yr old. Went out of his way to help with ANYTHING! Next door was a bar Brendan's ( which was not affiliated with the hotel ) where you could get breakfast in the morning and drinks in the pm. Bryce was the bartender and he was great and remembered us when we came back several times.  Would absolutely stay there again!
bubble_50	Stayed here for three nights last week - it is all that you could want or need in a city centre hotel. Surprisingly big room and bed, good quality linen, room and bathroom both spotlessly clean. Job well done guys
bubble_40	The hotel is in midtown.  We took the train to DC so it was a 5 min walk from Penn Station to the hotel.  The location is perfect and accessible to many many things in the city.  The hotel is a cute boutique hotel with a European feel.  The room was quiet.  I do wish the maintenance of the hotel was a bit better and they would pay attention to details.  The restaurant that was attached to the hotel was lovely.  Had a romantic ambiance and the food was better than expected.  Would stay here again.
bubble_50	Arrive super early. Front lobby was very accommodating, and had room ready at 1 pm. Walked into room and was nice and cool 68. Super clean. Ultra Modern meets classy Elegance. Awesome location on the edge of Fashion District in Koreatown. Just on the other side of Herald Square. Would definitely stay again only thing I would ding them on is there cable channel selection. It's Dish TV. Only cable news channel available was Fox News. No shade, but should have CNN, MSNBC, HLN.
bubble_40	Hotel is easily accessible to everything. Shopping, dining, transportation etc. The downfalls were the drapes in my room was stained, they knew that it was two persons staying in the room, but only one bathrobe was in the room. I eventually got the other one the day before I checked out. Other than that my stay was perfect.
bubble_50	Quaint hotel centrally located to many famous NYC sights. Staff was very helpful and Brendons restaurant and bar next door helped make our stay amazing. The rooms were spacious and the maid service was very attentive. The front desk and bellmen answered all of our requests and provided helpful directions and made always feel welcomed and appreciated.
bubble_50	Great, central location, a large room by New York standards and super friendly and accommodating staff. What more do you want in a hotel? Edgar was especially great. It's an historic building that has been updated tastefully. There's a bar and restaurant on premises. We didn't try them, but they looked good. Free coffee in the morning. I'd go back in a heart beat.
bubble_50	Excellent stay--from the greeting and customer service at check in to the spacious and sparkling clean room!  Great location for a visit to NYC.  Would definitely stay here again and highly recommend to anyone planning a trip here!
bubble_30	Hotel is located in central Manhattan, one block away from the Empire State Building and the Macys - Manhattan Mall. Also across the street there were a couple of Korean restaurants with excellent food. The building is old but rooms are quite renovated and spacious enough to be in NYC. The AC in the room was quite noisy so I had to stop it at night. The hotel charges a $40 /day resort fee, like many hotels in the area. Breakfast at the restaurant downstairs was great, friendly staff. Overall a good value.
bubble_40	This place is perfect for those who dont want to be too close to Times Square but still want to be around shopping and restaurants. This hotel is close to the Empire State Building. In love with how this hotel was decorated. The shower was not very good. Had low water pressure and the water turned off for a second by itself. The air conditioning unit is mediocre. It turns on and off in spurts and when its off it gets hot. The hotel also provides robes. There is a fridge in the room and comes with two complimentary waters.
bubble_20	bad smell and bad condition of room. The rooms were small and carpet needs replacing. Had small insects in bathroom sink. Location was good but aside from that i wouldnt recommend it. internet was good. very noisy couldn't sleep peacefully
bubble_30	Located in central Manhattan. More the touristic side of NY. Close to the Subway. Nice rooftop bar Right across the Street. Was Good for the First Time in NY. Next Time i would choose to stay in Soho. It is more chilled than the toursitic overload in Central Manhattan.
bubble_30	GOOD: reception desk, localization BED: A heavy and incredible smell of spatter in the room and bathroom. It happened that the room would not be purged until 4:00 pm. The maid is angry at you because you are in the room at that time!
bubble_20	Currently staying in The Gregory for 4 nights and cant wait to leave. The room is extremely poor quality. The AC unit is noisy. We have a half cut curtain in our window (photo attached) and our shower doesnt drain.   We have paid a resort fee and we were told we could use it to wash one item of clothing a day. We tried to do that today and were told by the receptionist that its tops only. This was a misunderstanding on our part but we were made to feel quite stupid for asking.
bubble_40	Stayed here for three nights. Staff was very accommodating and room was clean. Great location just a block away from the Empire State Building. A bit small, but makes for a cool, antique feel. Would stay again.
bubble_50	Perfect location and we love having the restaurant in the same building.  Great french toast BTW!  Rooms are comfortable and everyone on staff is super friendly. Only negative is that the street traffic is really loud on weekend nights. Highly recommend.
bubble_10	When I arrived I was asked to hand over my credit card. The lady said it was "only $40" and that it was for "coffee, wifi and washing a shirt."  Okay, strange, but I agreed - BIG MISTAKE. Found out the next day that they charged me $180. I asked for $140 back, but they did not agree.  Never felt so swindled. The owners of this hotel obviously force their poor staff to deceive their guests. I really feel sorry for them.  If you still choose to stay here, be sure EXACTLY how much they charge your card. Don't fall victim to their disgraceful business practice
bubble_40	I'd stay here again if I had to, but there are so many hotels in NY, why repeat?  Staff was incredibly nice.   Curtains need repair. The A/C is crap, but I'm happy there was A/C. It doesn't have a sensitivity range, so will turn off and immediately back on, waking you up.   Ask for a humidifier (I'm from Houston, and need water droplettes in the air.
bubble_30	There was no hot water in the shower and the room is either way too hot or (with the AC) way too noisy. The coffee in the morning is terrible!  40$ extra fee is unwarranted and was an unhappy and unwelcome surprise.
bubble_40	We love The Gregory.  The staff is wonderful and it's perfectly located.  The rooms are quaint, and Brendan's Restaurant is so convenient and yummy.  We have been there twice and will definitely stay there again.
bubble_30	Staff not helpful. Room fuse jumped, got switched into smaller and damp smelling room. Found out another day, our original room was given to another hotel guest. Tailored fee of 35, hotel charged credit card despite telling them we did not use a single item on the "tailored items". Include this as part of hotel costs.
bubble_20	Stayed for 3 nights. Location wise is very good. However, the rooms are so different from the picture posted online. The room that we stayed were so outdated, very small with hardly any space to move around not to mention with the suitcase. The air cond was positioned akwardly, right next to the bedside so it would hit you right on your face when you are sleeping. The room was really stuffy and very damp. A window which is more like a decoration only with no purpose whatsoever. The lighting was hardly adequate.. The hotel needs a lot of work. The other plus thing is that one of the receptionist was really nice and friendly. He was really helpful unlike his other colleagues. At least he didnt make our stay to be completely bad.
bubble_50	I was in the City for a busy convention and was thrilled to discover The Gregory was near Times Square and the meetings I needed to attend. It is a sophisticated and stylish find in this busy metropolitan city. I had a King room which was small by my standards but the bed was the most comfortable Ive ever had, exquisite linens, a good-sized flat screen TV, a small refrigerator and closet and just right. The bathroom was also small but perfect for me- and with a bathtub- always a must! :) There is a restaurant on site - which I did not take advantage of and Edgar and Bryan who run the hotel obviously know what theyre doing. It was my much needed quiet space  in the city that never sleeps.
bubble_50	Cant say enough about this hotel from checking in to our stay it exceeded our expectation,the staff were lovely and very helpful the room was clean and comfortable and provided 2 bottles of water daily. Free coffee in restaurant which is straight out of the lobby would definitely recommend this boutique hotel.
bubble_40	Visited recently with my wife for a 5 day stay.  Found hotel to be very clean and well positioned to all services.  In all cases it was an easy walk to 5th Avenue, Central Park, Chelsea, Meatpackers etc.  Bed was very comfortable and plenty of storage space in our room.  Bathrooms are very small and supplied with liquid soap (not a fan) for teh shower unless face washers provided.    Only downside to this hotel is no tea / coffee making facilities in the room.  This avaialble in the mornings till 11.00 in the adjoining restaurant and is good but timing is limited.
bubble_40	Stayed for 4 nights for our son's graduation.  Excellent location, just a short walk to Madison Square Garden, Macy's and the Empire State building.  Iced fruited water on offer in reception was welcome whilst waiting for the lift.  Room a little small, but then they all are in NYC. Great roof top bar had just opened opposite the hotel, The Lookup, and we spent an afternoonn there after the grad ceremony in the sunshine looking at the Empire State building. Would definately stay again.
bubble_50	There are many hotels in New York, but only the Gregory has the efficient, caring, kind, professional staff that we value so much.  They did everything possible to make my sister and my week in New York special and memorable.  The hotel is not slick and impersonal.  It is quirky in places, but charming and comfortable.  The neighborhood is interesting and safe.  We have walked down the street at midnight many times after a show and been perfectly safe.  That is important to us as we are octogenarians.  We have been coming to the Gregory (through all its name changes) twice a year since 2005.We wouldn't stay anywhere else.  The Gregory has earned our loyalty with its excellent service and kindness to us.
bubble_40	Nice spot, easy subway access. Convenient location. Lovely staff and nice reception. Dont love the in window ac units but great in winter fall and spring. Decent amount of square footage-for New York anyway.
bubble_50	Great hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and beautiful. Really enjoyed the theme of the hotel and the drinks at the bar were delicious. We will definitely come again and stay here.
bubble_40	Very nice hotel, with a special touch focused on design. Wonderful staff, very helpful and always available for any questions or requests. Comfortable king room, but with a small bathroom. Close to Herald Square and Macy's, in an excellent location, a few blocks from Times Square and 42 street.
bubble_40	From Michael, the manager, to Bogdan, the most delightful front door gentleman youll ever meet, to the housekeeping staff you will be well cared for at the Gregory.  Through another website we had scheduled our reservation only to find out upon arrival the money charged to my credit card had not been paid to the Gregory!  Not to worry, Michael made a couple of phone calls to determine the problem, made sure we had our room, and continued to make us feel welcome and cared for throughout our stay.  Easy access to subway uptown or downtown.  Thank you Gregory!
bubble_20	What I dont understand is why a four star midtown Manhattan hotel would choose not to have double glazed or soundproof windows?! Not to mention water pouring in when it rained.  The positives, staff were nice, location is good if you want to be right in the middle of midtown.  But if youre planning to get any sleep while in New York I suggest you seek alternative arrangements.  Maybe NYC is called the city that doesnt sleep because people stayed at the Gregory Hotel and simply couldnt sleep due to the noise.
bubble_30	Well located, and main room size probably better than average guven that location.  After that it's all a bit rubbish.  The room was tired.  The ac unit was old.  Noise management is non existent so bring ear plugs.  No room service available.  Cleaners don't even empty the bins.  Desk staff just have a chat with each other as I check out.  Zero interest. So poor customer experience.  I guess this is an "OK" place to stay, but it's not cheap and I won't be back.
bubble_40	I cannot say enough good things about my recent stay at the Gregory Hotel in New York City.    The location is wonderful; mostly because so much of the city accessible within a moderate walking radius from the front door.  Coming into the city by train, we were able to walk from Grand Central with one small rolling suitcase without any trouble at all.  It is situated steps from Herald Square, home of the world-famous Macy's, as well as the iconic Empire State Building.  Rockefeller Center and the Theater District are also easily reached on foot.  Not only did this allow my wife and I get in some moderate exercise, but we saved quite a bit of money not needing to hire cabs or take the subway the whole time we were in the city.  The other benefit of the address is that it allows
bubble_40	Lovely beds, nice and clean boutiqe hotel, with very good location. Good size of room with friendly staff the next street to empire state building. Restaurant with bar almost in lobby,  served very good food and drinks.
bubble_40	We had a wonderful stay in the Gregory hotel in Manhattan in april. Situated on a prime location next to the Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue and Times Square, with very nice and helpfull staf, especially doorman Bogdan"Boogie" and a very good restaurant on the ground floor Brendan's. Close to the subway, good wheather and the energy of New York made our stay a week to remember for the rest of our lives.
bubble_50	Polite staff making each moment as memorable as possible just a simple ask makes the stay better This hotel defines the comfort and good price with its service and all helpful staff that is willing to help
bubble_10	Useless hotel with a fancy entrance that leaves zero impact. The AC unit needed the filter changed, I asked the staff to change it and it never happened. The sheets were rough, the blanket was crusty and bathroom had zero space. The walls are thin and I could hear my neighbors throughout the night.
bubble_40	The Gregory is a quaint hotel in mid-town Manhattan that is close to many attractions, restaurants, and other points of interest.  The rooms are on the small side, but it is an old building with detailed moldings and glass.  We were able to see so much because of the location, and overall was a great value considering hotel prices in NYC.  We would definitely stay at the Gregory again.
bubble_50	I would recommend this hotel.  It was very much what is expected. I would stay here again. Also check out the 24 hour Korean place across the street, very good!  Hope to come back to the city and get the same if not better room!
bubble_50	Our room was neat and clean.  We didn't hear any traffic noise at all, which was something that I was a bit worried about.  The location couldn't be better!  Around the corner from the Empire State building, 1/2 a block from Macy's and a major subway stop was at the end of the block.  Staff was friendly and willing to help with all of our needs.  We would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	Stayed here the weekend of 3/30. Very convenient. Accommodating front desk staff. Definitely our new go to NYC hotel. Brendans was great for dinner after a day of shopping and walking. Nice Breakfast before heading home.
bubble_40	Decent hotel in the heart of Manhattan, a block away from the Empire State Building.  Excellent staff throughout (particularly Bogdan) with the exception of the lady checking us in, who appeared to be unbothered about welcoming us on arrival.
bubble_40	When you rate things it goes from average to very good... and the Gregory falls into the good category...   i always try and stay in different hotels - gives me a chance to really get to know different areas.....  so this time it was The Gregory.... so... the great stuff about it.... when i got there....  the folks who where on duty were amazing...  friendly.... made me feel welcome...  the room...  was nice ....   it is true te bathroom is VERY small.....but how much time are you actually spending in there...  right?  I had a king size bed... which was great...  i personally like a softer bed...  (I sleep on a soft mat Teresa and 10 pillows at home... so...).  But the bed was comfortable.... and i slept well.   I was a little bummed the windows did not open.... the furnishings
bubble_50	The Gregory is an old, BEAUTIFULLY restored hotel in Midtown Manhattan. The rooms are small, but gorgeous.  We especially loved the bathrooms with subway tile reminiscent of the early 20th century.  Clean and comfortable.  The VERY best part of the Gregory is the staff.  Bodgan and Brian were particularly helpful.  The remembered details about our stay, were quick to offer helpful advice.  It feels like an unintrusive B&B...personal but private. We LOVED our stay and will stay again for sure! Close to Penn Station, Times Square, the Theatre Distrcit and Garment District.  Close to everything you would want to do in NYC!
bubble_50	I was in NYC to visit friends and also go into my NYC office. This location was perfect for where I needed to be. Super friendly staff; clean, nicely designed room; super short walk from Penn Station after a long, delayed train. I liked the bar/restaurant that was attached. The room looked exactly like the website images.
bubble_50	The Gregory Hotel was an incredible experience while staying in the city. We were right next to the Subway and two stops away from Time Square. My friends and I had a wonderful experience and would stay again! Plus, Macy's is right next door, so coming for Christmas is a must.
bubble_30	Great location.  Nostalgic type rooms.  Kept hearing "clanging" noises coming through heater throughout each night of my stay.  Developed rash on parts of my body from sheets.  Water was shut off at 10am of the second day of my trip.  I understand that this happens but water was not turned back on until the next day with no expectation setting by hotel.  Nice location, decent rooms, noisy, some cleanliness issue and challenges with expectation setting.  Staff was very courteous.
bubble_30	Not a bad property, and location was good.  Service was aloof.  Was told we could have a late check out when we checked in but on our last morning they said no late check out but they would store our bags for us.  Turns out our bags were left unattended on a luggage cart in the lobby for 5 hours!  The hallway our room was in had a heavy glass door between it and the elevators which was very loud every time it was opened or slammed shut.
bubble_40	The staff was very friendly and the location is excellent, you are able to get anywhere in the city.  The hotel seems well kept and clean, but it does appear that there was no service elevator as we were always sharing the lift with housekeeping or maintenance.  The room was cute, the bed was comfy with nice linens, the room had a window air conditioner which was noisy but it did drown out the street noise -  The bathroom was tight, tight, tight. you literally had to put one leg in the tub when sitting on the throne, the bathtub and shower was very small and you really had to be careful getting in and out because of the lack of space - would NOT recommend for a larger person or someone with a disability  There is no room service, however they do provide bottled water and it is
bubble_10	The hotel showcased, on an un presidented level, the worst showing of costumer service that a seasoned traveler has ever experienced. A situation that could have been easily resolved and was advertly the opposite.
bubble_50	We just spend a wonderful weekend at the Gregory. My husband had to attend a conference in Times Square so for the weekend and I wanted to shop and have a spa day so this was a perfect location. The hotel itself is a beautiful, historic 1902 highrise. All the charm is still intact with beautiful marble floors, stairs and high ceilings. The rooms are tastefully appointed, with very comfortable beds, window air conditioners and full bathrooms. There is a restaurant attached to the lobby and some fantastic Korean BBQ places right next door and across the street. It's a 15 minute walk to Times square, half a block from 5th Avenue and five minutes to Macy's Herald Square. We had a great stay and would definitely return in the future.
bubble_50	The location is great and the staff are amazing!  We took the redeye flight and were at the hotel at 9 AM.  We knew that there was NO WAY we would be able to check in that early but Milady at the front desk suggested that we grab breakfast at the restaurant and when we got done with a super meal, she had wrangled us a clean room ready to check in.  This place is a real gem right in the middle of the action.  We will be back.
bubble_50	Located 200 yards from Macys and the Empire State Building says exactly how centrally located the hotel is. Everyone of the reception staff were very attentive and made us feel very welcome and gave lots of information on anything we wanted to know. Rooms are nice and spacious with extremely high ceilings and the bed was huge and very comfortable. Bathroom was everything you need and the shower was powerful and water always nice and hot. Free tea and coffee in Brannigans next door every morning was a great way to start the day. There really isnt anything to complain about with this hotel so ignore the bad reviews. Will definitely be returning to The Gregory when I return to NYC. Love the hotel, Love NYC!!!!
bubble_40	Stayed at this hotel for four days during a stopover on way home from Florida.   This is a nice hotel, well situated, not far from Times Square and with Macys and the Subway more or less on the doorstep    We had a nice room at the rear of the hotel.   The room was a reasonable size given this was New York.    The staff were all friendly and helpful and the porter had a taxi waiting for when we were leaving.   We also used the attached bar and restaurant again staff were friendly and helpful.    The only reason this review is marked down is that the main blind in the room was broken.  When we originally reported this the receptionist he said that he would have someone look at it.   It was quite clear that the way it was broken It needed replaced.   We again mentioned it the
bubble_50	Checked in at 1pm on Saturday for a one-night stay. A room was ready for us so we were able to check in early, and we were given a complimentary upgrade to a premium Queen room on the 4th floor with lots of windows and a sofa & ottoman. The room was cozy, the decor was nice as expected, the bed was really comfortable, and the bathroom was simply classy and very clean. Check in and check out were pleasant and quick. Prepaid for the room and there were no surprise fees at checkout. And, of course, the location is great.
bubble_50	Everything is excellent, the staff is the best, make ur hotel different, and especially the bell man (I regret to ast his name) is so considerable, make our stay enjoy more. Thanks a lot. We surely will choose Gregory when visit NY again
bubble_50	My family had a an excellent stay at The Gregory.  The staff was warm, friendly and attentive. Our room was super clean and well-maintained. The location was great, proximal to the UN, Empire State building, Times Square, and many NYC attractions.
bubble_50	I stayed one night here during a quick work trip to the city, and Victor at the front desk went absolutely above & beyond to make my sure my stay was comfortable and enjoyable. I loved the room, it was stylish, and well appointed with a comfortable bed & sofa, and the desk was perfect for my needs. I would definitely stay again, and hopefully longer than one night!
bubble_30	The experience wasn't what the website looked like. The lobby indeed is very pretty but I think it might be the only thing that has been renewed in a while. Bathroom in my room was tiny, windows haven't been cleaned for a while. For breakfast you have to go next door to the Irish pub which I in the end didn't end up doing.
bubble_50	What a neat hotel in the middle of the City. From its classic feel to the spacious clean room, and your exceptional staff made my one night stay a memorable one. Edgar was attentive, friendly, and helpful. Thank you!
bubble_30	We had visited the Gregory in April 2018 and despite the reviews, we had no fault with the hotel.  It's location remains great for access to many of the mid-town attractions and also for the subways to everywhere.  However, despite being March, we had to open two of the windows in the room all day and night and run the air conditioning unit to combat the full on heating system that cannot be controlled in the room.   There are only 2 elevators serving the 12 floors in the hotel which also need to be used by the housekeeping staff and when one of the elevators broke mid way though our stay, that meant long delays in going up to of down from your room.  Finally, the "resort fee" added to the cost to cover two bottles of water per day (per room - not each person) and wifi in the
bubble_50	We stayed at The Gregory during basketball tournament at Madison Square Gardens.  The location was convenient.  The staff were helpful and available when needed.  The room, bed & linens were nice.  We loved the character of an old hotel with updated decor and furnishings, lots of natural light, safe & frig in the room, lots of outlets, couldnt be happier.  The restaurant accessible from the hotel lobby was a nice surprise, terrific breakfast & late night food in an Irish pub!
bubble_50	this is our second stay at the gregory hotel in nyc.  we find it to be clean, comfy, and friendly.  the front desk folks are awesome.  the connected restaurant is excellent.  overall, this hotel is a hidden gem!
bubble_50	The staff at The Gregory were kind and attentive. Although the bar in the lobby was not in operation there is a door to the adjacent pub from the lobby. Its an older property but well maintained. Beds were comfy and the room was clean. Nice spot because you are in midtown but not in the middle of the chaos of Times Square. Great restaurants all around. Nice quaint boutique feel. Safe Travels!
bubble_40	We arrived at The Gregory on January 1.  The location was perfect and we could walk pretty much everywhere we wanted to go (except Staten Island Ferry).  The rooms were small but I would expect this for NYC.  The bathroom was super small but it was clean and ok.  If you need more space, it might not be the room for you.   If you're a light sleeper, I would suggest ear plugs if you face the main street.  There seemed to be construction at all times of the night other than that the bed was super comfortable.    If you want a great location and nice hotel, I felt The Gregory was perfect for our 3 night stay.
bubble_50	Loved our stay in the Gregory hotel. The location is brilliant, within walking distance of loads of main attractions and there's several subway stations with different lines nearby so it's easy to travel about. The hotel itself has an old fashioned, boutique feel to it which is lovely. The room we had was very spacious - compared to hotels in cities in Europe it's absolutely huge. The bed was massive and very comfortable. It was very clean and the housekeeping did a good job of cleaning daily. We felt it had everything we needed. The staff, especially Boogie, were very nice. We were disappointed he wasn't on duty when we left to say thank you to him but hopefully the feedback will get passed along.  A couple of things to note: firstly, like some other travellers have said, the
bubble_50	The staff was helpful. Management was helpful and very friendly. The room was comfortable, clean, and it had a modern feel. The rooms was very quiet of outside noise. There were a lot of outlets, hangers, free hotel WiFi, an AC unit, etc. The connected restaurant had good food at a decent price as well. For one night in NYC, the Gregory is within walking distance of various attractions, and you are able to visit a few in a short amount of time. They called a cab for me at the end of my stay which was convenient. Overall I had a very good experience.
bubble_50	Ive stayed at The Gregory several times (twice this month alone) and have never been been disappointed. It has always been spotlessly clean and comfortable, relatively quiet hotel and perfect for a quick business trip. The staff is great and a special thanks to Bogdan for always being helpful! Very convenient location...  See you again soon! JG
bubble_30	The hotel is newly renovated and appears to be updated in many ways however the customer service at the front desk was less than pleasant! The Conceirge or Doorman was extremely helpful. The parking is ridiculous especially if you have a SUV @$73. Daily... New York is expensive and for all the headache You want to feel welcomed. I would only recommend this hotel to a single person for a cheap night stay!!! I am a travel Investor therefore my expectation is great for New York!
bubble_50	We had a fantastic experience. You could not choose a better hotel for location. There is a subway station just a few metres down from the hotel. You can get the (R) train and it will literally take you to everywhere, Down town to 9/11 memorial, Brooklyn bridge, Statue of liberty or uptown to Times square (which is about half a mile walk from the hotel anyway) or to central park.  We were on the 12th floor so had fantastic views of the Empire State building. The only wait we had for the lift was waiting for it to come from the ground floor which only took a minute or so. Very clean and spacious. We did email in a few weeks before and requested a room with a nice view. The closet space and bathroom was nice and big and also very clean. If i had one thing that they could improve
bubble_40	This was my first visit to the hotel. My overall stay was good, I like the fragrance that greets you at the entrance. The elevators are really small; so anyone with large groups have to go in smaller groups. The rooms are small as well which is not so much a bad thing if your planning on spending just a few days in NYC and don't really plan on spending a lot of time in your room. My biggest issue I had is the bathroom was freezing ( I stayed during the winter) so I had to keep the bathroom door closed so it wouldn't be cold in the bedroom. Other than that I really enjoyed my one night stay at the Gregory.
bubble_50	The last time we stayed was when the hotel was a Comfort Inn 7 years ago when we got married. The main reason we came back was how friendly the staff were, how clean and tidy the room was and location. This time the hotel has undergone a facelift and we walked back into the same friendly, welcoming hotel as before. Like my wife wrote we recognized a few of the staff and throughout our stay, the staff couldn't do enough for us. I wish Brendan's was still part of the hotel for complimentary breakfast but apart from that I would highly recommend the hotel
bubble_50	We stayed at the Gregory a number of years ago when we got married in NYC, returning this time we recognised some of the staff, we loved how the hotel had been renovated and did not follow the standard corporate style of chain hotels.  The staff are fantastic, really friendly and cannot do enough for you.  The front of house guys are there to look after you and make you feel so welcome in the hotel, nothing is a problem for them to support you with.  The cleaning staff done a great job, every day we would go out and return to a sparkling clean, welcoming room.  Our children were looked after by the staff, answering their questions about New York and telling them about places to go - they also made them paper aeroplanes and had offers of sweets, water and fresh fruit for them if
bubble_50	Great hotel and awesome location with chic style. Walking distance from many tourist attractions including Times Square. The staff is lovely, specially Bogdan, who was always at reception ready to greet us and help with anything we needed! We will definitely stay here again when we visit NYC.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel with great rooms. Despite of the fact that we arrived extremely early - 9:30 am, Miranda and Diana made an effort, checked us in and gave us our room. It is really a nice place to be, in a great location.
bubble_40	This is the third or fourth time I've stayed at the The Gregory.  Friendly staff, a convenient location, and usually a quiet room (and this time it was) are good reasons to stay here, particularly with their competitive pricing for the overall quality.  The hotel is literally steps to the Empire State Building, to Herald Square and to the subway.  Very convenient.
bubble_40	Great location with a great price. In walking distance of so much. Our overall experience was great, staff upon arrival was friendly as well as staff on departure.  Food at the restaurant was great but margaritas not so much, we had dinner and breakfast here (breakfast was amazing- French toast and frittata).  Rooms were clean, roomy and trendy as was the hotel itself. Our only complaint was the heater!! At 2 am not only did we wake up in a wicked sweat (and I am always freezing) but the radiator whistled like a teakettle. It was AWFUL so we shut the bathroom door causing the bathroom to turn into a steamy sauna. Didn't get a good nights sleep. As long as we don't get a loud radiator we'll be back!
bubble_40	Helpful and friendly staff members. Excellent room service from especially from our housekeeper Ayse who was serving 12th floor. Good amenities, secure rooms and the hotel is conveniently located in the shopping district.
bubble_10	We booked this hotel for a 5 night stay in November, it was the dirtiest hotel I have ever experienced. Our room was filthy and the curtains were hanging off the wall, we asked for a clean room and we were moved to another room. This room was just as dirty and had a filthy bathroom in particular the toilet. We called the front desk and asked to speak to the manager, he came up and looked at the room and didn't see the issue with it and was very unfriendly.  We immediately left.  Do not book this, you will be disappointed.
bubble_40	The Gregory is strategically placed close to the theater district, Macys, Times Square, Rockefeller Center and more.  :)  Everything we wanted to see was a just a short walk away.  Great location!  We really enjoyed our visit to NYC and we will definitely be back.  :)
bubble_40	The location of this hotel is the main reason why I booked it. Close to everything but not on a very noisy street. The reception and honestly everyone who works at the hotel are absolutely wonderful to deal with!   The room was great, large bed, extremely clean, modern amenities but with a nice slightly nostalgic vibe to the whole hotel. The building itself is a little strange - I had to go through a few different hallways to get to my room, but I didn't mind it!  The only thing I found really strange - and this is not directed just at this particular hotel, but many around the city - is that they have a resort fee that they charge per day. Not sure why the hotels in New York are starting to charge this, I've only come across it within the last two years or so.
bubble_40	The hotel is at a great location! My room was clean and I had a great experience staying here overall. If you get cold easily bring an extra blanket. Overall, you are getting a great price for what you are getting.
bubble_50	Close to everything but not the noise of Times Square.  Can walk to where you want when you want. Attentive staff and nice bar. Would definitely return.  A little bit of city noise at night but it adds to the ambiance.
bubble_50	Recently stayed at The Gregory for 8 days for our wedding anniversary, gem of a hotel in a fantastic location, Empire State and Macys on the doorstep....we walked everywhere.....lovely room....big comfy bed and always plenty of soft towels and toiletries.......the star of the show at the hotel and the reason we would return is Bogdan could not have been more friendly, helpful and always greeting us with a warm smile and asking to help us in any way....thank you for looking after us Overall a fantastic break....I just love New York
bubble_50	I am not sure why this hotel has decent review scores, but the double bed room we stayed had an exceptional view on the Empire State Building.   Before checking in, Bryan and Bouche greeted me and my friends with open arms and respect. If you are in a rush to go somewhere and they have yet to provide you a vacant room for the night, they are able to store your belongings as part of their complimentary services (before-and-after checking out). We asked room service to have more additional bathrobes and it was given to us.   When I looked through previous review images, people made it look like the bathroom was small. However, the bathroom was more spacious to fit at least two adults. In the bathroom, high quality hand wash, lotion, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash were
bubble_50	Wonderful, little place that let you to enjoy Manhattan a bit more. Walking distance to Madison Square Garden so if you have anything to do there, it is a perfect spot. Mr Bogdan in front is such a pleasure to talk to. Well of information on what to do and where to go. I felt very well taken care of in the middle of Manhattan. Rooms are quaint, comfy, exactly what you need after entire day of sightseeing or activities. Very clean and nice bathrooms
bubble_50	We stayed at The Gregory Hotel (Room 1102) for 5 nights beginning Feb. 11, 2019.  This is a 111-yr old gem of a boutique hotel located in the heart of the old Garment District (now, Korea Town), conveniently situated on 35th St between 5th and 6th Avenues and a short walk to the Empire State Bldg, Macys on Herald Square and Times Square up Broadway. The subway is 150 away at the corner of 6th Avenue. The first thing that you notice when you enter the Lobby is that you are transported back in time 100 years, but everything is pristinely retained or restored.  Its not old or tired, but rather its a classic.  The next thing that you notice is the immediate attention that you receive from the Concierge (Bogdan a/k/a Boogie and Edgar are fabulous and can not do enough for
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at The Gregory Feb 13th - Feb 14th. The Hotel is an immaculate boutique decorated with garment district antiques. Our experience with the staff was friendly and professional. The best asset to the Gregory is Bogdan on a scale of 1-10 being the best, he is a 20. The most outgoing, considerate, knowledgeable person we had the experience to meet. I am sure it is due to his professionalism people return. We would like to thank the Gregory for an outstanding visit
bubble_50	Our stay at the Gregory in NYC was a very pleasant experience. Milady at the front desk was very helpful and accommodating. Boosie, the bellhop was fabulous, he is incredibly warm and welcoming. The theme decor is impressive and the location of the hotel is very conveniently located. Loved our visit and would definitely stay there again.
bubble_40	Room was very nice but noisy. The staff at check in  was lovely and got us in room even though it was many hours before check in. We had to keep calling desk as we had 4 people in room and it was set up for 2. It took quite a while to get extra glasses, towels  Etc.
bubble_50	The experience was over the top, The hotel is a great location and very comfortable , clean and updated. The visit was made extra special by the staff. Boosie was great and took care of our every need and truly wanted us to be happy and comfortable. I will stay at the Gregory again on our next visit to the city.  Please give them a try, you might not get the warm experience in any other NYC hotel.
bubble_50	Clean rooms great, comfortable beds. Great decor. Friendly Staff - Edgar was particularly helpful. Can't beat the location - one block from Madison Square Gardens. Excellent restaurant attached to hotel.
bubble_50	Awesome experience from the moment we arrived til we departed. Room was very nice, good size, and bathroom had a tub!!! Woohoo! Everyone was very friendly specially Edgar, Brian and Bobo!! Will stay here again! Bed comfortable and bar/grill on site, Brendans!
bubble_50	Nothing but positive things to say about our stay at the Gregory Hotel. Great service from front desk agents, Milady and Edgar, as well as the other gentleman. Room was cute and cozy with updated amenities and bathroom was nice too. Beds were comfortable, which is always an issue at other hotels. Location was great, we were in walking distance to so many attractions. No complaints with cleanliness or noise.
bubble_50	Close to my meeting but close enough to walk a lot of places and sites.  Very nice staff!  Worth the extra $ to stay close and walk.  Had no need for cabs or cars. Clean, artful, and classy ambience abounds in this little gem with big Apple charm.
bubble_50	This was my first time staying at The Gregory for business purposes, and this hotel far exceeded my expectation.  We were greeted by a doorman each time we came in and our bags were checked/held earlier in the day upon arrival and until 5pm on the day we left.  When it came time to check in the process went quickly/smoothly.  The room was neat, clean, and tidy with modern touches.  Overall the hotel is historic and has quirks and flair due to the age, but I enjoyed this aspect the most.  I slept well, the shower was hot.  In the am they offer free tea/coffee which was a nice touch.  In short, I will be staying at this hotel for business trips (and for pleasure) in the future!
bubble_30	There are many good things to say about the Gregory Hotel, but those fond memories are almost obliterated by the stupid trick fee they charge of $35/day, on top of room prices that were reasonable. The prices would still be good if they just added $35 to the nightly rate. Instead they insult your intelligence by attempting to justify their avarice with a claim that it covers 2 bottles of tap water, internet access and a pressing of a shirt. Please: this demeans both you and your guests. Drop this inane policy and you'd receive consistent raves.
bubble_10	This is a really dumpy hotel - stay away! The window shades in my room were all mangled and falling apart, covered in water and rust stains. Furniture was really beaten up. The room was not clean. No central air. And beware the $35 fee they surprise you with at check-in. I will NEVER stay here again.
bubble_30	We liked the historic look of the hotel - the renovation was very tastefully done - and the locations was great. However there were two major issues.  We discovered when it was time to go to bed that one of the three blackout shades did not work. We could not get it to drop down, so we covered the window with one of the complementary terry bathrobes and a couple of pillows. The next morning when we mentioned the problem, the staff at the front desk was aware of it and the woman gave us some excuse about how they hadn't been able to get anyone in to fix it yet. Why hadn't the hotel come up with a cover for the window - cardboard or something. (2) One of the two very small elevators was out of service the entire time we were there, which was 5 days. The service staff and the
bubble_50	We spent the last 5 nights at The Gregory and and a very nice stay. Had a big, calm and clean King Size bedroom on 7th floor which was a free upgrade. The staff was very friendly and we felt like staying at a friends house. Thank you.
bubble_50	My family visited New York for a short vacation and I decided to book a room at The Gregory due to its location, which is phenomenal. The hotel is small and well taken care of. The lobby has an interesting decoration, the rooms are clean, the Irish restaurant has great food, and overall the place has a very positive vibe. And then we met Boogie, a very special gentleman. Not only he received us with so much joy, he took his time to talk to us and get two know us, making our stay at the hotel memorable. Besides giving us suggestions about what to see and do in NYC, he shared stories and the history of his native Poland with us, and was genuinely interested in our wellbeing. We had a wonderful stay at The Gregory, thank to him. We will certainly return!
bubble_50	We felt very welcome from the outset, were greeted each time as if it was the first and the staff was always quite courteous and helpful!  The hotel was in the perfect location with access to downtown, the theatre district and Times Square without being affected by the noise and traffic.
bubble_40	Within walking distance of Times Square, 5th Av and Broadway, great location. Our room looked out on Empire State Building. Hotel is clean, hospitable and friendly. Boghdan, Gerry & staff  were great. Brendan's bar downstairs was an excellent amenity. defo visit again.
bubble_40	The Gregory was great. The staff were extremely helpful and nice - from reception to the cleaning staff. The hotel is centrally located and they accommodated our need for early check-in. My only issue was that the bathroom (at least in our room) was extremely small and tight. All round - a really good experience.
bubble_50	I am very happy with the care and service my family and I received during and after our stance at the hotel.  I forgot a personal belonging there and it was found and sent back home at an incredible speed and quality. I definitely recommend The Gregory Hotel to anyone who wants to have a great time in New York!
bubble_50	I would definitely recommend The Gregory hotel. The service was a 10/10, super friendly staff, and Edgar was excellent. Super clean rooms with very unique decor. This hotel is in the perfect location for walking through the city and made my stay in nyc unforgettable.
bubble_50	Very detail oriented and accommodating staff, 2 free water bottles in a room was a nice touch. Liked on-premises restaurant (no room service though) Nice, tall (wink-wink) bed, beautiful linens, but curtains are a mess-so no total blackout if you want to sleep in; also, street noise level is amazingly high, even on the 9th floor. The hotel looks and feels like a unique antiquity-in a good/charming way  The room is okay size with nice clean bathroom  Amenities: medium size refrigerator, 1 robe, hairdryer, umbrella, 2 cute highball glasses, big flat screen TV (Housekeeping-please dust it)) Showtime channel on TV was a nice addition, as well as free lemon water in the lobby and tea/coffee in a restaurant in the morning
bubble_10	Great location and ok hotel, but remember to read the small print. Hotels charge a so called "tailored fee" also called "resort charge". USD 35 per night and for what? Apperently for internet, gym (not used), coffee in the morning (not used), water in the rooms (was told that it was complimentary at check in), conciege and service staff (?) (not used), telephone (not used), use of business center (not used) and other "services"(?). And on top of the con fee you pay city tax and sales tax twice (due to that fee). This is not a fair to quote a price and the top it up with USD 35 + 2,06 + 3,11(taxes) for something you are not aware of nor told nor used.
bubble_30	Great location near Macys and reasonably priced for NYC. Restaurant next to the hotel is good but food cant be charged to the room.  The $35 resort fee is high for what you get and the rate is not published in the foyer or room- you have to ask.  I had issues with the shower - no water pressure, a blind would not go up as it wasnt broken and the heat was permanently on with the radiator although the air con machine was there it was too loud to use.  I might give it another go but other options locally maybe better
bubble_50	The staff made our stay pleasant and cordial.  They were all very friendly and helpful no matter if the question had to do with the hotel itself or the New York experience.  I could not locate the garage they had an agreement with and when I called the hotel, the person at the desk stayed on the phone until they were sure I got to the correct garage.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed for 1 week we have encountered various staff and they were all friendly and helpful.Everyone is so welcoming. Although, Bogdan was our favorite, did above and beyond. While we are waiting for our shuttle service to pick us up, he offered us water bottle for us to drink AND even to take with us. We enjoyed talking to him.  I would recommend this place especially for anyone who's visiting NYC for the first time, all the attractions are just near by and east access.   Great Location: 10-15 mins walk to Empire State and Time Square; 5 mins away from Macys; 1 block from Subway
bubble_10	Pictures on line look nothing like hotel actually is. Hotel does not have very secure door looks and the staff is very rude. Not a lot of restaurants near by. The one that is connected to the hotel also has extremely poor service. Just wasnt a positive environment
bubble_50	We arrived in New York and came only to find out that we hadn't booked a place to stay for our first night. The Gregory offered great prices and the rooms were fantastic and the staff catered to us quickly and professionally. Our room in particular had great full length views of the empire state building. Would highly recommend this stay to anyone.
bubble_50	My partner and I spent 3 weeks at The Gregory including over Christmas and New Year's. Over the weeks we got to know various staff. They were all friendly and helpful, no issue was too much trouble for them. We enjoyed our stay so much we are hoping to come back this Christmas! Thank you so much Bogdan, Milady and Brian, you made our stay extra special and we really appreciate everything you did for us! The location is perfect. Very convenient, close to the subway and Path to New Jersey as well as Macy's and the Flatiron District. With very fond memories, Sarah and Mike, South Australia
bubble_40	The Gregory has a boutique hotel feel in the middle of Manhattan.  High ceilings, interesting decor, comfortable beds. The staff are super friendly, well-trained and extremely accommodating. Location in 35th between 5th and 6th is walking distance to many sights and the subway is a block from the hotel.
bubble_50	Could not recommend this hotel enough!! The rooms are very reasonably sized with very comfortable beds! Showers leave your hair feeling as soft as ever!! The staff and management are amazing and I can not thank Natalie and Mavel enough for their help after a little incident that had happened, they both went out of their way and I appreciate it so much!! The food in Brendans which is next to the hotel, and attached by a door, was incredible and by far the best food we had on our 6 night trip! If we were to visit New York again we will definitely be booking with this hotel !!
bubble_30	I want to thank Mike (a manager) who went out of his way to help me with our reservation.  Other staff members were incredibly helpful and pleasant.  Had a very good brunch at the restaurant located within the hotel  The elevator situation wasn't good at all - there were only two elevators and one was out of service.  The other one served over 11 floors and it was sometimes difficult to get one when needed.  Prayed the working one didn't go out of order, too!  They had a work order in to get it repaired, but hopefully both elevators will be replaced.  The working one was so tiny and hard to get luggage and many people inside.  Our room was very warm and we tried to regulate the heat to no avail.  Window coverings needed replacements.  Room and bath were very clean, but tiny.
bubble_50	The Gregory met all of our needs!  The staff is fantastic and were very attentive to all of our needs.  Your a quick walk away from Macys, Times Square, and many many restaurants.  Do yourself a favor and book here today!
bubble_40	Only a stone throw away from Times Square and right next to the Empire State Building and Macy's is this amazing Boutique Hotel. We went to New York in October 2018 to get married in Big Apple and had a fabulous stay. The hotel upgraded our room as a "gift" to our wedding which was lovely. A clean and really spacious room, very comfortable bed and cool view. The staff was really helpful, friendly and as excited as us on our Wedding Day! They let us use their rooftop to take photos next to the Empire State Building which was lovely! The whole team was so helpful, caring and nothing was too much trouble. Definitely wanting to come back! So much enjoyed our time at this great hotel!
bubble_40	Nice boutique hotel and the best its the location a few blocks from the most important things to visit in NY. Small rooms with a noisy heating system and it is difficult to rest and sleep. Service and staff very friendly.
bubble_50	Great location just across from Herald Square  Very friendly staff. Rooms were very clean and roomy enough for 2. Enjoyed our morning breakfast in their restaurant The Brendan. Close to time square in mid town .
bubble_30	1 of 2 (already tiny, slow) elevators was out of service throughout our 6 day stay. Used the stairs every time on our way down, but after walking around the city all day, not willing to walk up 6 flights of steep, narrow steps. Other than that, great location, clean rooms, friendly staff. But overall just average.
bubble_40	The hotel was extremely friendly. They helped us with our bags as we had our driver dropped us off. We checked in early, but were given a room immediately. The room was nice, slightly smaller than we are used to. The bathroom was very tiny, and the sink had quite a bit of wood rot on the side of it. The tub was also unstable, and gave a feeling of being on a water bed while in the shower. Only one elevator was working, and this caused a problem on the 6th floor. There was a lot of waiting to get down, especially when luggage was involved. Their bar was not operational, but the bar connected to the hotel was.  This was such a great location for all of our activities while we were in NYC. I would recommend on location alone, since we did not spend a lot of time in the actual hotel.
bubble_40	We were greeted by very friendly and helpful staff on arrival (I would like to compliment the technician James who was very attentive). I really enjoyed the boutique hotel style. The room was really nice and comfortable, but the heating was high to the point that I found it difficult to sleep (we were told it was not possible to decrease it). In-room lighting was very dim, which I prefer. We were surprised to find the hotel does not offer cotton balls after paying for a 40USD amenity fee. Housekeeping was attentive. The excellent location (near Empire State Building, between the 5th and 6th avenues) is close to public transport than can take you anywhere in the city. I found it to be a very nice hotel overall, although some improvements can be made.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel in a good neighborhood near Herald Square and a short walk from Times Square, Rockefeller center and Bryant park. Stay was nice but the service from bogdan was exceptional! He greeted us every morning with a friendly smile, and was so eager to tend to any of our needs. He is the real GEM of NYC and made our vacation extra wonderful! Thanks for your excellent service Bogdan!
bubble_50	My sister and I went to New York City during the holidays. The hotel was in a great location, within walking distance of Fifth Ave., Rockefeller Ctr, etc. Very clean, comfortable and a wonderful staff willing to make our experience the best it could be! I will recommend this hotel to all my friends and family. Thank you Edgar & Brian!
bubble_20	The hotel is old with  window a/c units because the room was too hot.  It was awful.  The hotel websites pictures gives a trendy updated vibe but the room, especially the bathroom, was outdated.  There was only one operational elevator which only fit 3-4 people max.
bubble_50	We were greeted by Edgar and welcomed to the hotel. Gulbyie checked us in and explained the features of the hotel, and answered any questions pertaining to the room, the hotel, and the amenities offered for our rate. The room was a pleasant surprise, quite large for a New York hotel room. The stay was very pleasant, the staff was extraordinary (Victor, Bogdan, Jim and Maggie were very helpful). I stay in New York quite often, and will check here for availability first.
bubble_50	This was our first family trip to New York. The hotel was very nice and in a great location and just enough off the Main Street so it wasnt very loud. There was a subway station right at the corner of the block which was convenient to get you anywhere uptown or downtown. Would definitely stay at the Gregory again.
bubble_20	The staff were great. Unfortunately the guest rooms are in bad need of a renovation. Its impossible for rooms that outdated to feel or be clean.  Also, the rooms are so small that you can hear everything happening in the hallway at all hours of the night.
bubble_50	Our first visit to New York and couldn't have picked a better hotel !  Boutique style hotel in a great location. Very close to Empire State Building and Macy's.  Times square is about a 7 minute walk.  Everything seemed very accessible from the hotel location.  Staff were lovely and very helpful.  Photos on hotel website are as it is!  We ate in Brendan's about 3 times which is attached to the hotel and must say the food was extremely good.  December is a great time to visit New York because of the lovely decorations and sales !   We used the Big Bus company to do an uptown and downtown tour and the bus stop was about a block away from the hotel.  If we visit New York again we will definitely stay at the Gregory.
bubble_50	Id like to thank the manager Michael M. for his support during a time when my family needed it the most. His empathy and caring helped us get through tough times.   My 88 year old Aunt was lost, confused and alone in New York.  He helped us to get her home safely back to Michigan to her loving family. He made sure she got her airline tickets as well as checking in on her to make sure all her needs were met.   He arranged a car service to get her to the airport and contacted our family once her plane landed.    Id highly recommend The Gregory Hotel in New York as they are truly a first class service facility.   Michael truly was our Guardian Angel!
bubble_50	We did an impromptu overnight stay and booked this hotel. The hotel was very sleek and felt like old New York. The staff was really nice and helpful and the restaurant next door had really great food. We brought our two year old so being kid friendly really helps too!
bubble_50	We stayed at The Gregory December 19th through the 23rd. This facility is awesome in every way. The staff was wonderful! Very clean and not your typical chain hotel. We will definitely stay again on our next trip to NY!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed the Gregory!  It was a fabulous home away from home for our 10 days over Christmas. We appreciated the friendly and welcoming team, the relaxing area in the lobby we were welcomed to use, and that the Brendons restaurant was right next door/ adjoining.  The rooms are well appointed and spacious enough when traveling with 3 adults and big bags.  Yes I now read about the doors slamming but seriously thats not a deal breaker.  Also loved that there was nice toiletries to use.  It was perfect for relaxing and taking a break the location was perfect super close and easy to absolutely everything and every where.   Oh and of coarse the rooms were spotless.  Thanks for the great stay.   Bossie and Victor, Milady and Michelle.... and our Christmas Day chat mate who
bubble_50	This was a short 2 night stay in NY.  Our primary reason for visiting was to see a basketball game in MSG.  I researched the many choices of hotels in the MSG area and decided on The Gregory based on other reviews.  I'm happy to say that all the positive reviews were correct.  We loved this hotel.  The room was clean, the bed was comfy, and the staff were all friendly and helpful.  I will definitely stay again.
bubble_50	Our stay at The Gregory was nothing short of perfect. The staff is extremely welcoming and very helpful when it comes to getting around the city, especially for first time visitors. They had great recommendations for places to see, as well as the easiest way to get there. The hotel was very, very clean  and the bed was beyond comfortable. The location was perfect, being only a 10 minute walk from Rockefeller and Times Square, and adjacent to Macys. Super convening and lovely place to stay! If we ever return to NYC, we will definitely stay at The Gregory again!
bubble_40	Hotel located in a beautiful old building in a great location, walking distance to Empire State Building and Times Square, Macys just around the corner. Rooms with beautiful design. Amenities very basic. Important to note resort fee of 40 USD per day which includes 2 small bottles of water, free wifi and use of the gym. Attached to a restaurant that offers great breakfast options ( extra pay , no breakfast included no coffeemaker in room). No safe in the room, it was broken and could not be fixed and no alternative offered, therefore only 4 stars.
bubble_30	My wife and I stayed for a weekend and wanted to be close to all the best places for the holidays.  The location made going to any place we wanted very convenient; Macy's Radio City Music Hall, even Central Park wasn't too far.  We also arrived by train, so Penn Station was close.  It couldn't have been a better location.  The hotel staff was very nice and accommodating.  Brian & Edgar did a great job for us.  The hotel was nicely decorated, but the rooms were just okay.  They weren't the cleanest or the best decorated.  The radiators were pretty loud and the bookcase on top of the radiator was damaged.  Also, there was only one elevator working and so it took a while to get to/from the 9th floor.  Overall, we had a nice time and would recommend this place, but there is a need
bubble_50	The Gregory was nice! Location is very close, half a block to Macys, and a block north of Empire State. I didnt catch the name, but a super nice gentleman checked us in. Edgar and Brian helped us check out and were super accommodating as well.
bubble_50	Wow is all I can say about The Gregory! This was my family's first trip to NYC.  As we arrived we were greeted by Boogie, the doorman. He took care of us. Our room wasn't ready but they stored our luggage until our room was ready. Our room was amazing.  The staff was great. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  Boogie and Bryan are great. Thanks for great visit.
bubble_50	Great place to stay! Clean rooms, nice views, very friendly staff who went out of their way to help us! My mom had a hard time making the correct reservation but the hotel made sure she got a room and didnt double charge her. Thank you, Bryan and Mike for taking care of us!
bubble_50	I stayed here with my daughter for one night.  Everyone was pleasant and they helped us by giving us 2 double beds.  Room was clean and well lit....the only thing I can really comment on negatively is I specifically asked for a quiet room and they gave us a room near the door and it SLAMMED every time someone went through it.  Ask for a room at the end of the hallway. Nice little breakfast restaurant next door with free coffee and tea in the morning.  GREAT location....near subways and central to everything.  If you have a car they will stamp you at the front desk and it discounts the MYERS parking across the street.
bubble_50	Charming hotel near Macy's, friendly staff, more than adequate accomodations. Resturant was fantastic. Competetive pricing. Lunch was teriffic, had a seafood pasta dish for $20, which was a bargain. Would revisit
bubble_50	Stayed here for a birthday treat from my wife and I must say was very impressed  Didnt have much expectations but the room was lovely and clean 2 good size beds room large enough very good location for time square maces Empire State Building and the metro Staff here very accommodating and polite bar and restaurant next door very nice felt very Christmassy definitely recommend this hotel
bubble_50	Awesome for a family! More room than most NYC hotels. Subway half a block down and can walk to Times Square. Nice to have a walk in closet to change and store our stuff. Good shampoo and conditioner. Like the big bottles!
bubble_40	Exceptionally clean, very friendly and helpful staff.  Great central Manhattan location, convenient to subway, just around corner from Empire State Bldg. Beautiful character hotel for that NY experience :)  Note: bldg is central hot water radiator heated, needed to use in-window a/c unit to cool room while sleeping - kept us comfortable to sleep.
bubble_40	When we arrived our rooms werent quite ready but we were able to leave our cases whilst we headed out for the afternoon  We had the king size room which was plenty big enough for what we needed. A huge comfortable bed, armchair, desk, walk in closet with safe, bath with shower over it. The room was kept lovely and clean throughout our stay.  Tea & coffee were available next door in a morning. Its a shame drinks making facilities arent available in the room.  There is a restaurant next door Brendans as the hotel does not have any food or bar facilities.  The location of the hotel was fabulous.... right by Macys and the Empire State Building. Walking distance to Times Square, 5th Avenue & Central Park. There is also a subway station 100 yds away.  The taxes on this hotel were
bubble_10	Absolutely terrible customer service over the phone lead me to not want to book with the hotel. Complete sass from 2 ladies and lack of customer care. If that's what the stay would be like then no thank you.
bubble_50	I stayed for 5 nights from 16 till 21 November. The employees are really freindly and helpful. Especially Bogdan.  I loved my bed! So comfortable, great to sleep in it after long days of walking through the city and having jetlag. And it was so warm in the room. I like the breakfasts in the Brendans bar. Next door to the hotel. Thank you guys, you were part of my amazing trip to New York! BR, Anna
bubble_50	The hotel was lovely and comfortable.  Employees were delightful and housekeeping (Janet) was super!  Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice too.  Overall, the hotel had a lot of charm.   The location was perfect as it was close to subway, Macys etc.  The restaurant attached to the hotel was great!  We plan to stay there again!!
bubble_40	We stayed for 3 nights during Thanksgiving for the parade.  The hotel truly was central to everything and most within walking distance.  We stayed on the 10th floor.  Other reviews I had read warned of really warm rooms which is true.  We had record low outside temperatures for this time of year and the room was still extremely warm.  Each room has their own window air conditioner which worked well after we realized we had to take it off Economy settings. Windows do open a few inches which helped to also cool down the room.  You do get the outside noise with the windows open but didn't bother us too much.    The hotel has a very unique and historic aspect with a modern twist which I loved.  2 Queen bedroom was clean with fresh linens, relatively large compared to other hotel
bubble_50	I only stayed 1 night at The Gregory for a short trip, but the service was exceptional. The entire staff went above and beyond to make my colleagues and I feel welcome, let us store our bags for some time after we checked out, etc. Specifically, Bogdan was very helpful and a great guy to talk to and get to know. The room was nice, the hotel is in a great location (right off 5th Ave, a quick walk to places like Koreatown & Bryant Park). I would definitely recommend!
bubble_40	Hotel was warm and inviting. My room was nice and comfortable though had a slightly worn feel despite its modern decor.   Had great service from Bogden at the reception who handled my bags and looked after them for me whilst I ran errands around the city.   Would definitely stay again.
bubble_50	Got into the hotel prior to check in to drop off some bags before heading to my interview. Milady checked us in early and got us into our room so I was able to relax and mentally prepare for my interview.
bubble_50	Milady was so nice, kind and helpful in everyway. The hotel is clean and tidy.  They checked up in before 4pm at 11am to be helpful. Very happy to select this hotel and definitely stay here again! Thank you!
bubble_40	Excellent location , very friendly staff , very clean rooms, Great bar and restaurants , Manager very accommodating, hotel parking discount . Close walk to lots of great shopping. I will be going back soon.  I strongly recommend.
bubble_30	Needed a quick NY weekend away but hotel prices were over the top since there was a dog show going on. This hotel had the lowest price I could find. Reviews pretty accurate, hotel room average size and a small bathroom but very clean and updated. Hotel is old but location was great. Everyone  very helpful and accommodating. Suggestion to the hotel for ice. Recently stayed in a hotel in Seattle and they had small bags of ice all prepared on every floor each day! There is a $40 daily charge which is very overpriced which includes :coffee downstairs was cold , bottle of water daily and wifi and a shirt dry cleaned which we did not need.Very overpriced!!!!!! Not sure I would return unless prices again were over the top on a given date.
bubble_10	Shocking service, tried to check in the the lady told me I had no booking even though I was showing her my confirmation email, got the manager who was more helpful!  Pink stains on the carpet, reported this no one came to inspect! Tv didnt work, Internet was slow, tried to report this but no one answered the reception phone, went down and the same very rude lady gave me a dirty look and said well Im busy. The room wasnt very clean either.  The worst part about it was the heating being on SO hot we had to have the air conditioning on all night to counter act it and spent a fortune on water hydrating ourselves as a consequence. I reported this also and was told the heating is a central system and if I didnt like the unbareable heat to open my window (to the street noise) or
bubble_30	Ok NYC lovers, its not easy to find a great hotel in this city. They are either super expensive, or super small rooms ! The Gregory jas been updated recently yes BUT the building is old and I guess there is just so much you can do with that frame. The room size is fair..the bathroom is super small and has no ventilation so mold sets in quickly. Not acceptable when you pay over $300 a night ! It was Nov so the heat was in the whole building (could not control room by room) but temperature outside was hot during our stay so we had to put the AC on... the result of that being that you pay for hearing and waste energy + you pay for AC and waist more energy...climate change people ? On too of which AC was really really loud :)  There is on bar in the hotel but its closed ( seems
bubble_30	The location of this hotel is perfect for a visit to NYC; its walking distance to Macy's, Times Square, Madison Square Gardens and also Uptown. There is a subway station 30 seconds from the hotel if you don't fancy walking however.  The hotel has recently undergone a facelift and looks good. Our room (704) was a good size and very comfortable, in fact the bed deserves a special mention. The bathroom was very small though and the shower wasn't powerful enough for me.  It was raining heavily on one of our nights and one of the staff members found umbrellas for us to use, which was a nice touch.  The 2 things that really let this place down for me were,  1) The only way of controlling the temperature in the room is use the air conditioning unit which was REALLY noisy. The heating
bubble_50	We came into town for a quick theater overnight with our two tween girls and we were not disappointed.  Super clean, super comfy beds, really neat contemporary vibe and friendly/knowledgeable staff.    The location is great on 35th between 5th and 6th so if you want to do all the Times Square stuff you are close, same with theater district and midtown.  Subway is close at Hearald Square to take you uptown on the D towards Central Park, or south to SoHo/Village all the way to financial district on the N.  Great spot, well be back.
bubble_50	Great stay at The Gregory!  A friendly greeting at the front desk with just enough detail about the accommodations and surrounding activities.  Brendan's right next door has great food with great service.  Very reasonably priced.  My last night there was a Friday and it was pouring rain.  My Bellman took the time to track down a cab for me.  Not an easy feat in the middle of Manhattan on a rainy night.  I'll definitely stay there again!
bubble_50	Stayed at The Gregory for one night. Great room, comfortable bed and right in the middle of Manhatten.  Uber, Lyft, taxis and subway are cheap and easy to get.  Brendan's the attached restuarant was reasonably priced as well. Bathrooms were tight but who spends their trip in there anyways. Love the flavored water in the lobby. Would return for another trip.
bubble_40	This was our first time at The Gregory and we werent disappointed.  The location was perfect for everything - Central Park, World Trade Centre memorial, Statue of Liberty etc. The Subway was at the corner so super convenient.  The staff were very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant next door (which we were told not was not part of the Hotel) served awesome food and quick!  Would thoroughly recommend The Gregory and would stay again.  I would though agree with so many of the posts about the added fees. My strong advice/view to management is just build it into the price per night as guests are going to have to pay it anyway. The bad taste it leaves with many who have commented would be avoided. We were aware of the fee, but it does still sting when you check out.
bubble_20	This is an old hotel. Our room was dark as the only window was close to a wall and there was little daylight. Both the room and bathroom windows were unable to be opened so there was no way of having fresh air into the room. We stayed for five nights and our sheets  and bed clothes were not once during that whole time. Our towels were changed daily. There was an unpleasant smell in the corridor outside our room which lasted for several days and permeated into the room. I would not stay here again.
bubble_20	We stayed here for three nights and while the location is great, very central and good for the subway, the hotel fell very short of our expectations. It looks very different from the photos on line and is tired and not especially clean. Rooms are a good size and the beds are comfortable. The tv was old and not what you would expect from a hotel that was supposed to have been refurbished recently!  But the worst thing of all was the $31 plus tax nightly tailored fee which is for two bottles of bottled water, free coffee in the morning and use of the internet. These things are usually free in every hotel we stay in, most hotels have an in room coffee machine these days anyway.  The icing on the cake was a liquid soap dispenser high up above the bath, out or reach! Havent seen
bubble_40	The 1st time in New York for my wife and myself. The hotel location could not be better for discovering the city on foot. It was so central for my wife to go shopping, and for myself to walk, and walk, and walk ! Macy's was just a 100 yds away, as was the closest subway station. We found ALL the staff to be very courteous and helpful in every way, especially Bogdan, who was always on hand to help and advise us first timers. The room was a good decent size, with a great view of The Empire State building. Very comfortable bed. The only drawback was the constant hum of the air conditioning chimney outside our window. We would stay here again, for sure.
bubble_10	The only good thing about this hotel is the location and the bell man.   Checked out late evening. No assistance with bags or taxi arrangement. Front desk said will not help. We shouldve checked out before 8pm if we wanted bell hop assistance with the bags!! A 20 week pregnant wife and I lugging all our luggage and many boxes of baby equipment into the street to hail a taxi. Very annoying front desk staff smiling as he was saying will not assist us.
bubble_50	It was our first time to New York and we really enjoyed it. We would definitely stay at this hotel again, because of the excellent location. The room was very nice and the front office staff was very helpful. We asked them a lot of questions and they were amazing. Maggie was really nice, and informational as well. Thanks for the great service.
bubble_50	What a great find. Large room, for New York, and very clean. Exceptional staff and very friendly. The only downside was the $31/night fee to use the Internet and get coffee in the morning, which was not included in the original quote and one of the two elevators went out of service. Still, great overall experience.
bubble_40	A/C was a little noisy. One of the Front desk clerks could be been a bit more helpful. Rooms were nicely made. Maid staff was extremely helpful. Brennan's next door was good. The Korean- Fusion restaurant down the street was Superb!!
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at the Gregory.  Yes, the rooms are small, but with plenty of room for a comfortable stay without wasted space.  The staff is absolutely amazing, friendly and accommodating.  Edgar the bellman and Brian at the desk in particular made our stay as excellent as possible.  Great location, literally the opposite side of the block from the Empire State Building and a comfortable walk from Times Square.  Only complaint:  the elevator wait.  But it's an older, smaller hotel and that just adds to the charm.  Thanks so much, especially to Edgar, for helping us have a wonderful stay in New York!  We WILL be back to stay with them on our next trip to the city.
bubble_30	The hotel is ideally located to shopping, bus and metro, good food and sightseeing such as the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and within walking distance of the Theater district and Time Square.   Co-located restaurant was wonderful. We ate dinner there 3 nights.   Hotel staff was wonderfully accommodating. We asked to move rooms from the street side on 35th Street to the interior due to unbelievable road noise through the night from trucks and sirens. They gave us a nice view of the Empire State Building just outside our window.   We Loved our stay and visit to NYC. Thanks
bubble_40	Great location! Clean, very nice hotel. Staff was welcoming and nice. In the middle of Midtown but a quiet street. Only one, small, elevator work. Unexpected "Tailor" fee. Other than that nice hotel! I'd stay again.
bubble_50	I travel through NY 6-8 times a year, most of my clients are there and friends from when I lived there, was all about the Hudson Hotel, but tried The Gregory for a change of scenery and after one stay can say with total confidence it's the only place I'll stay now.   Great location, the room is/was a great size, comfy bed, kept spotless, bathroom was immaculate. Legitimately surprised.  Milady & Edgar at reception/concierge were outstanding, made my life easy.   I'm wary of over the top reviews, but cannot speak highly enough about this location (going back next week coincidentally).
bubble_30	The hotel was ok for our city trip. The location in great, close to Empire State Building.  But, after booking the hotel we get the hotel terms of condition. In this paper the hotel takes extra charge of 33$/day. Hidden extra charge isnt ok for my opinion.  Pay attention.
bubble_50	Great staff - knowledgeable, efficient, kind, eager to to do anything to make our stay comfortable and memorable. Great beds, great location, safe neighborhood.  Can't wait to come back.  Wouldn't stay anywhere else.
bubble_50	This hotel is PERFECT in every way...clean, central and friendly staff.  Boutique style hotel with a great vibe.  The rooms are a good size compared to NYC standards.  Will definitely be back!  I highly recommend it.
bubble_20	Compulsory services fees on check out. $35.00 per night - literally for the small bottled water in the room, tea and coffee (only between 7&11AM in the bar next door,  the ''FREE'' Wifi and use of the gym) which in my opinion is outrageous. There was no warning on the website or booking.com. The lady who checked us in briefly mentioned this, although it wasn't completely clear that it was a compulsory fee.  This ruined our whole trip to New York to be honest which is why ive given such poor rating. I hate dishonesty.   Room generally needs a freshen up, although great decor. Fan/AC did not cool the room at all.  Bath was dirty.  Bed was really comfy.  Some of the staff were friendly.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed staying here; friendly staff, it was clean, great rooms and amazing location in walking distance to many sights. The people really left the biggest impression! Our housekeeper Ayse also did an exemplary job always smiling, greeting us and very friendly. It was very welcoming and she was simply great! Also the concierges that helped us with our luggage were extremely friendly. Thank you!!
bubble_40	I found the location mid-town to be quit convenient in the garment district given series of meetings uptown, mid-town and downtown over a two day stay.  Away from the bustle but minutes walk from subway and other services and.  Fee 1 shirt laundry service per day is a nice touch.  Staff was very helpful.    Room was clean and comfortable, though room was very slightly dated.  Slow elevator.
bubble_30	The location of the hotel is great.  The hotel is old but they did a nice job with renovations to make it "hip." The size of the rooms were decent especially for NYC.  There is one warning to BEWARE of- the "TAILORED FEE".   A $31 fee is charged per night.  What do you get for this BS $31 fee- a bottle of water, wi-fi, a shirt to be drycleaned a day, use of their computer, and the gym.  Let's just say that is the MOST expensive bottle of water in NYC!! So go with this:   I can buy a bottle for $1/2, wi-fi (not an amenity anymore), we all travel with some type of tech- so the use of the computer isn't necessary.  A gym is almost always available in hotels and truthfully- how many get something drycleaned while traveling unless it's an emergency?!  So $31 is just ridiculous!!! And
bubble_50	The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and was perfect for the week. The staff were always helpful, especially Bogdan who knew where everything was. Location is excellent as you can walk to so many locations.
bubble_50	Although it's been over a month since I came back from New York I feel compelled to pass along the great service I had from the support service staff at the front desk.  Bognan and edgar were very helpful and very professional throughout my visit with my friends. They were extremely resourceful at checkout and any inquiries I had I felt I could go straight to Edgar and for anything I needed at the front desk I felt like Bognan could help me on my way.  I would come back to the hotel just to get the same happy service again!
bubble_40	Me and my son stayed at this hotel for one week. We stayed at the 7th floor. The room was very nice and had a good size for being on Manhattan. It was clean and the beds were comfortable. The subway is just a few steps from the hotel doors and so is Macy and a lot of other stores and restaurants. We are very pleased and would love to stay at the Gregory Hotel for our next trip to New York. The day we left Bo at the front desk was very helpful and stored our bags and helped us with transportation to the airport.
bubble_50	Being a frequent business traveler, I appreciate many aspects of the Gregory Hotel. I am consistently greeted by very pleasant and efficient front desk staff - this makes the difference for me when I arrive tired and just want to go to my room quickly.  Personal attention from Michael Martinez, the GM made the difference for me when I checked in after a very long, awful day.  There is refreshing fruit water available in the lobby - which is very welcome after a long hot day. Having stayed in several different rooms, I can appreciate why other guests have complained about the noise from the city...it is not an issue for me. I've stayed up the street from the Gregory in another Hotel and the noise was comparable.  The beds are luxurious, linens very soft and pillows offered
bubble_50	Milady, Brian, & Bogdan went out of their way to welcome me on my first day! They worked extra hard to let me check-in early and personally walked me to my room. Extremely friendly, kind, and helpful all the way around. The room was great! Clean with a view looking out. Would stay here again and recommend it to anyone who comes to NY!
bubble_50	Great team of people, good to return after one year and see all of the same faces and to be told on arrival welcome home.  Not high end luxury but certainly nice and clean, very big and comfortable beds... they offer lots of little extras that other hotels dont....   This hotel is now my NYC hotel of choice, I will return in November twice...
bubble_50	The only problem I have Was coming inside the room and the A/C turn on automatic my allergic start because the filter was very dirty  :):):):) no more everything after that was perfect and the location was fantastic close to everything
bubble_40	We picked the Gregory Hotel for it's location, being near Penn Station and not far from the Broadway area.  I think the rooms are larger and nicer than similar rooms in NYC. It has been completely gutted so the rooms are quiet.  We had room 912 which provided lots of light from the back side and it was quiet. Bathrooms are small but very adequate. Rooms very clean.  Staff very nice.  We had a late flight out and the staff let us hang in the lobby for ages.  They will keep your bags on your last day.  The only thing I want to point out is that for some reason when I booked our room I was not aware of the $35 a day resort fee which basically gets you WiFi.  Now when I look at booking sites I see that in small print.  One should be very aware of this as it certainly brings your
bubble_50	I stay at the Gregory every month for work. when I arrive its like seeing old friends, such an amazing team of people there, every person in there make me feel like I am at home, Edgar and Bognan on the door are amazing, always happy to help, they really look after me, nothing is ever too much trouble. The hotel is really comfortable, always super clean, amazing location for midtown destinations, I would never contemplate staying anywhere else in the city.  Thanks all at The Gregory , you rock !!!
bubble_50	Gorgeous boutique hotel ideally located in midtown Manhattan between 5th and 6th.  Staff are super friendly especially Bogdan, Brian and Edgar on reception and were always willing to help with anything and everything! Gorgeous lobby and sitting area.   Room we stayed in was nice with all the modern ammenities and nice decor. Relatively big in size with comfortable bed and pillows. Smallish bathroom but adequate enough. Complimentary bottled water in room and 1 free shirt dry cleaned each day - nice touch. Good wifi and very clean rooms. Good value for money especially in NY.   Great selection of restaurants and bars on the street and super close to shops like Maceys etc. Brendans next door is great for a drink. Closest subway is 34th street located on the end of the street (cnr
bubble_50	Manhattan has  probably the biggest hotel offer in the world.You can easy find huge, high, crowded places.But The Gregory is a rare boutique  one.I felt like home - small lobby, always available consiage ,very efficient bell service (ask for Bogdan).The restaurant available for breakfast, but next door you can find good place to eat and drink... For train lovers:The Gregory is located 10 min walk from Penn station. Trip to Boston or Washington strongly recommended
bubble_50	Want to share my story. I forgot pretty large amount of money at The Gregory Hotels deposit box. At the beginning I felt surprised that employee knew that it was money particularly left behind closed doors of deposit box. But I must say that I was amazed by honesty of hotels people. With assistance of great guy Michael Martinez and nice lady Natalie Bogan I recieved all the money back within couple of days. I am happy that there are still honest people nowdays out there!
bubble_50	Great place to stay, professional staff, comfortable beds and nice rooms.   Good food nearby, quick access to subway.  Quiet, not a lot of street noise. Room is NYC small but very comfortable.  Good WiFi.
bubble_40	This hotel is located in a beautiful part of Manhattan! Rooms are small, but sound proof. The sofa bed mattress was a low quality. Our son had hard time sleeping to it. Our king size bed was very comfy.
bubble_50	Had an excellent stay at the Gregory this weekend. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We took the train in to the city and the location was so convenient. The bed was super comfy. Will definitely be back!
bubble_40	The Room is very very tiny, but comfortable. Staff was very welcoming and polite, always greeting us with a genuine smile. Everything that we needed the room offered, fast wi-fi internet, fridge, good quality bed, a small desk, air-conditioning (NYC was very hot and humid the days we spent there). The Safe wasnt working, but we wouldnt use it anyway.
bubble_50	Every year in September we stay four days at the Gregory and every year we are greeted by the best staff in the business.  Most have been there for years and always remember us. The rooms are always clean and the prices are the best youll get Manhattan.  Bogdan, the doorman, is the guy to go too for anything you might need !!
bubble_50	This hotel is in an excellent location.     It has a boutique feel, with a welcoming lobby and sitting area!  The rooms are clean and the front desk is extremely responsive.     A restaurant is attached and provides complementary coffee and a discount off the dinner bill for guests.   The reservation team is very helpful and works to get the best rates.    I did have one hiccup with the front desk and a reservation glitch for an extended stay.    Michael Martinez, the Operations Manager,  cleverly resolved the issue with the utmost concern for my satisfaction.  He manages the property very well.  I would stay at this hotel again and again!
bubble_50	Excellent location and quiet rooms (for NYC). Just steps away from the Empire State Building. Staff was very friendly. The hot water does run out from time to time but wasn't much of an issue.  Very clean rooms as well.
bubble_30	Bad points: The $35 per day tailored fee which is for 2 bottles of water ($2 max), a gym i wouldnt use, a shirt laundered daily which i didn't need and 'free tea and coffee' which most people go to Starbucks for. I didn't use ant of the services and couldn't remove this fee at all, it's conoulsary Noisy air con Lack of ceiling lights in the room, it was dark all of the time   Good points: Location close to my office. It was also pretty quiet and my room was towards the back of the hotel so I didn't get passing foot traffic from other rooms
bubble_40	This was overall a really great hotel.  The room was super comfortable and clean and the view was amazing.  I was on the 12th and last floor and it was very long getting up and down as there was only one very old and slow elevator.  The other one was broken.  Getting into the elevators was scary!  I was always worried it would break down.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Gregory for 5 nights . Great location for getting around and the hotel was lovely . Very clean , grey bed and bathroom . Had everything we neededand liked it was a smaller boutique type . Bar next door was good as well . Staff were friendly and helpful . Cannot fault it
bubble_40	The room was spacious and comfortable. The iron and hairdryer were much appreciated. Air conditioning in the room went down well too. The bar next door did lovely food and everything we wanted was in close proximity (Macy's, Times Square, the subway ect) Only downside was that we were at the back of the hotel located close to the Aircon which was noisy. Have to say it was one of the most comfortable beds that I've slept in at a hotel. The reception staff were great. Check in, check out was easy (I knew beforehand about the city tax so didn't complain as some others have). I would stay here again for sure
bubble_10	We arrived in our room, myself and my 2 young children (aged 4 and 8) - there was a strong smell of damp and some type of chemical.  Spoke to the manager who advised that they had used a spray to try to tackle the damp.  We asked for a different room to which they replied they were full and couldn't change the room.  The manager offered to try to deal with the smell by re spraying the chemical onto the damp areas around the bed and the wall!!!! I said this was totally unacceptable and told them we couldn't stay there.   The manager promised us that we would not be charged for the room as they were unable to accommodate us in another room.  2 days later there was the full charge of the room on my credit card.  After lots of arguing and trying to resolve this issue, the hotel's
bubble_50	stayed in the gregory with my two sisters,this hotel is a gem being not far from all the major tourist attractions including empire state and top of the Rock ect,the rooms are large and the beds are so comfortable, we ate once in the attached bar the breakfast omelette was ok but found pax or toast was better will more choice and value for money, the reception staff mlord and mlady and boogie are the best and nothing was too much trouble for them,
bubble_40	We arrived to a very warm welcome from staff. The bed was super comfy and the room was beautifully clean.  My only complaint is the air conditioning. Very noisy. Outside noise throughout the night very busy with sirens and lorries. I suppose thats a big city for you.
bubble_50	Wonderful clean hotel that has a great location that is central to everything.  There was a nice restaurant next door that had good breakfast.  Staff was all very accommodating and helpful.  Will stay here again!
bubble_50	Enjoyed my stay at the Gregory as the staff were more than welcoming and the lobby and our room were very nice. Location was excellent. Close to everything and Brendan's restaurant next door had good food with excellent and polite waitstaff. The room was good size included dresser and closet with safe. Bathroom has very nice shower but unfortunately no exhaust fan. Other reviews complained about the elevators which were very small and slow, but we had no problems.
bubble_50	My two sisters & I are just back from a wonderful 8 day stay at The Gregory Hotel New York. Situated on E35th Street the hotel is superbly placed in easy walking distance of the Empire State Building,Times Square and other landmark sites. On arrival at The Gregory check in was easy and painless which is always a blessing after a long flight and taxi ride! Our rooms were large which was really good for a city centre hotel and clean! The queen sized bed was very comfortable too!! Although there are no beverage making facilities the hotel does provide you with a couple of bottles of water a day free of charge. Although the hotel doesnt provide breakfast theres a restaurant next door to it where you can get breakfast if you want it Theres also a cheaper and more varied choice
bubble_50	Apart from its great location, this property offers large (for NYC) rooms, stylish decor, and genuine hospitality.  None of the famous NY "service with a snarl"; these folks are really happy to have you and help you.  I especially appreciated the extra-large very comfortable bed, large soft towels and the completely modern plumbing.  For an exorbitantly-expensive city, the place offers relatively good value.  I would stay again.  To be balanced, here are the negatives: sometimes wonky elevators; not particularly speedy wifi; and the $31/day junk fee added to the bill (an all-to-common but fraudulent practice).
bubble_40	Stayed at the Gregory for 3 nights over Labor Day Weekend. Was looking for something in midtown Manhattan, and found the Gregory to be reasonably priced for the location. On a previous trip, I stayed at another hotel (now closed) on 35th, and I had liked the general location. The room (king) was surprisingly spacious - quite large actually! - and perfect for our needs. Overall it was well appointed, had nice products in the bathroom, was clean, and was generally comfortable. The staff were friendly on check in and check out - we didnt have any questions or issues during our stay. Although I knew it was a very central location, the area was a lot busier than I expected it might be. New York City may be a city that never sleeps, but I do! We had a room that faced the street and
bubble_50	Very clean, charming little hotel. Loved the classic subway tile in the bathrooms. Fantastic customer service. Got a great manicure across the street and the Arepa stand outside to the right (Costas) was delicious!
bubble_30	This building is a bit too much of New York funky... tiny, slow, non air-conditioned elevators, multiple hallways leading into sweltering stairwells, into other wings of the hotel.  Plaster ceilings in our room that were cracked, and roman shades in the rooms are coming unstitched and non functional. Also, a pretty hefty Tailored fee for daily water bottles (that I never received), WiFi (password that was never given), and garment laundering service for business mens shirts that I never used.  I did get a free cup of coffee one morning...Ah hem...a very helpful and a great way to spend an extra $100 bucks.   The room WAS large however, and the king sized bed comfy.  The decorations harken to a gentlemanly time of the Vintage Garmet District... which were handsome and quirky.
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location and the staff is so friendly!  The rooms aren't huge (none in NYC are) but are decent size and really nice.  There's a feeling of history when in this hotel, especially walking down winding stone stairs.  There is a little bar downstairs but it wasn't in service but there are many cool, fun spots right on the street including Brendon's next door; good food, drinks and service.  Just steps down to Herald Sq. and shopping.  This has been one of my favorite places to stay when in town.
bubble_50	I had a great stay at the Gregory. The staff was always incredibly accommodating and the room was great. The air conditioner in the room was a bit loud but expected for this type of set up in an older building. You can also hear the sounds of the city from the rooms which I personally enjoy as part of the experience of being in N.Y. Overall it was a great trip and I will most definitely stay there again
bubble_40	The Gregory is a nice easy place to stay in NYC.  At only 11 floors, the hotel isn't large, overcrowded or imposing. The staff are frindly and welcoming.  The room was clean and had everything you would want, plus a little extra.  Mine had a small fridge, which allowed me to keep some groceries, so I didn't have to go out if I wanted something to eat or didn't want to go out for breakfast.  It was also a bit bigger than other NYC hotel rooms I looked into when planning my trip.  It was a little more expensive than comparable hotels, but it was very well located near subway routes and a stone's throw from Macy's big flagship store and a short walk to Madison Square Garden, and Times Square.  Penn Station and Grand Central Station are also within walking distance.  The street is
bubble_50	Room was elegantly decorated, small sink but it is in the heart of New York. Waling distance to Times Square, Madison square garden, Macy's and Empire State Building etc. Staff was very accommodating especially Mr. Boogie!
bubble_40	This hotel was very good. All the staff were friendly, kind and helpful. Our stay was lovely as the rooms were kept very clean and the hotel was in a lovely location- just around the corner from the Empire State Building; close to times square; and round the corner from lots of shops.  Overall I think this hotel is classy, nice and perfect for a short or a long stay!
bubble_40	Location: Great! Centrally located.Walking distance to all the great stores!  Hotel: Clean and quiet, not crowded which was great. Although lightings were a little dim (for me) . Room: Clean. Staff: Helpful especially James (who works at night) who helped me arranged transportation in the morning to the airport. Although, I had a slight issue upon checking out- was charged twice. But I got a refund.as soon as I reached home, I shoot a follow up email if they already refunded me. Got a reply from the GM- thank you for that.  Will recommend it?  Yes. Will I stay here again? Yes.  Thank you.
bubble_40	This is a great hotel - totally hip and relatively young but still very charming.  Its one of my favorites and one of the few that I actually attempt to return to periodically.  They do get booked as theres little of this quality at this price point.
bubble_50	I spent 11 nights with my girlfriend at the Gregory and we were like at home. The hotel and our room were very nice but, to be honest, what made our staying a great staying was the kindness and professionality of the personnel and, in particular, of Bogdan: he  looks after  us with great tips and, moreover, always smiling.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I visited New York for the first time and stayed at the Gregory. Fantastic location!  Only 15 minute walk to times square and the empire state building. There is a rooftop bar called Monarch just down the road which has an amazing view. We did find some of the staff quite abrupt, therefore I wouldn't say customer service was 10/10. However the room was clean, huge bed and good shower.  Thankyou for the stay!
bubble_50	Nice room, nice bathroom, fantastic location and the hotel had lots of charm. We waited for the right deal, so got a decent rate. Walking distance to a lovely breakfast spot: Maison Kaiser. Highly recommend!
bubble_30	Stayed for 5 nights. Got upgraded from Queen to King, the toilet/bathroom in Queen is tiny! As in really tiny.  Hotel is centrally located, Empire State Building is practically at the back door.  Staff is friendly and helpful, special thanks for Boodan, for making us feel special and welcome all of the time!   Overall the hotel is good location wise, the rooms are a bit outdated from here and there, would need a bit of more tidyness (just a bit dusty in corners etc) the total would be 3/5 on my scale  and Boodan, you are definitely the soul of this hotel! The world needs more people like you!   If you are looking for a reasonable priced hotel in Midtown and are not too high maintenance or fussy about everything being highend modern stuff and first class tidyness, this hotel is
bubble_40	Upon entering the small lobby, I could tell the hotel is being looked after as there are always at least 2 people at the check-in desk. We were greeted right away and stored our luggage with the hotel well before check-in. As with most buildings in NYC, the building is old but they have done a good job with keeping historical details and modernizing it. We had a corner king room, which was surprisingly bright despite being in the shadow of several skyscrapers. The room could have been dusted a little more, but the linens were immaculate.  Overall, I was happy with my stay and the courteous service provided by Brian at check-in/out and by Edgar with our bags, which we stored with the hotel after checkout. I would stay again for the free citrus-infused water in the lobby and the
bubble_50	My experience was defenietly excellent. Milady at the front desk solved all my needs, and She was always very kind and friendly. The man from poland very kind too.  Definetly   I recommend this hotel. Sheena was very good too.  The only thing that was no good was the man at the restaurant, I went to have breakfast twice and he was very rude. He said that he did not speak spanish and he speaks spanish. Very bad manners and mood. A man in his 40 or 50.
bubble_50	Convenient location for shopping, Empire State Building, Subway accesses, etc. Helpful staff, especially when we wanted to store our luggage on our final day in NYC. Bogdan and Edgar were particularly helpful.
bubble_50	Visited New York City with my husband.  Searched for a different place to stay since NYC is normally girls trip.  Stumbled on The Gregory.  Great location.  Clean.  In the middle of everything.  Management was friendly.  Encouraged us to come back again which included showing us other room choices in case a girls trip would be next for travel choice.  Restaurant/bar is attached which had excellent food and enjoyed some martinis there as well.
bubble_10	Not impressed when we first walked in  . The Gregory Hotel in New York not a great hotel lacks atmosphere , I would say depressing in addition dirty sheets and a plug that didnt work in the sink and only two bottles of water when there was three of us . Hardly luxury .  Putting that aside our maincompliant is the hotel have charged us for an extra 43.07 on our card after we left , This should have been for the tailored tax which got aggressively asked for when we first checked in.  Although they wouldnt take the cash at this time and insisted we pay it on leaving . Which they have done with no receipt and nearly taken 20 too much . We have tried to contact the hotel via email . The one listed on the website does not accept emails . Interestingly neither does the one given to
bubble_30	This hotel is in a good location, just a few minutes walk from Penn Station, ESB and Macy's, and close to the underground so travel is easy. The staff are very pleasant and helpful - a particular thank you to Bogdan for looking after our luggage and helping on our departure. There is a delicious citrus and cucumber iced water made fresh every morning. The bedding, bathroom and fridge are very clean - however, we found the quilt and pillows very lumpy and uncomfortable. Generally we found the room clean and yet somewhat tatty and depressing. There were splash stains on the wallpaper, trims coming loose on the decor, stains on the carpet, rust marks on the radiator, marks on the back of the door not dealt with. The staff here work hard to make this hotel a good experience and I
bubble_50	The staff at The Gregory were terrific and made our 5 night stay very enjoyable.  We had a 4th floor room overlooking 35th street which wasn't as noisy as we thought it would be. We kept the air conditioner on at night and it provided enough white noise to help us sleep. We also had full days of walking to so many nearby attractions and that tired us out and helped us get a good night's sleep.  The bed was very comfortable.   Not having a coffee maker or kettle in our room, as well as a second bedside lamp, were items we missed.   But coffee and tea was available in the attached restaurant in the mornings.   Great location in the heart of mid-town.  Don't judge this book by its cover, what it lacks in curb appeal it makes up for with charm and comfort.  Would recommend the hotel
bubble_30	Stayed here for almost a week. The location is great. They have great restaurants on the street like barn joo, izayaka mew... And close to everywhere. However, I think the reception lacked warmth and refiness. You could definitely tell that the staff are not trained in hospitality industry and more 'raw' in character. We also did not like that the room was not properly sealed, so it was pretty bright in the morning as there isn't much to cover the windows. We complained about the curtain which was broken and we could not close it properly, but they just told me that there was nothing they can do bout it. Lol, what a professional reply! However rooms were clean and bed was comfortable. I guess it's a good option if you're looking for a great location with minimal service and
bubble_40	Loved the location and the staff were friendly and helpful.   Right close to Macy's and Empire State Building, walking distance to broadway and time square too.  Rooms were bigger than I expected compared to other NYC hotel rooms and beds very comfortable. There is a $35 USD hotel fee that wasn't included in the original cost of the room that I didn't feel was justified (for the gym, coffee and tea in the mornings and 2 bottles of water in our room) since we didn't use any of it but the 2 water bottles daily but it may be the same at other hotels, not sure.
bubble_40	Very central location, within a short walking distance to Empire Estate Building, Macys Store and other attractions.  Located 200m from a Metro station with access to the rest of New York.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  The hotel is an old building with some beautiful features.  Be aware that the hotel charges for use of the gym/leisure centre whether you use it or not at a cost of about $30 a day.
bubble_50	Very clean, beautiful hotel. Classic NYC lodging. Great location near Penn Station, Empire State and so much more. Staff is helpful and friendly. Restaurant next door has delicious food. Highly recommended and hope to stay there again.
bubble_50	Having stayed in rooms in NYC that you couldnt even walk around the bed we were really happy with our room. Lots of space. Beds are super comfy. We had an issue with the bathroom that was sorted immediately. Room was very clean. It is noisy. You are in the middle of the city after all. Take ear plugs. Air con worked well. WiFi worked fine. There is a room fee for this along with water and coffee in the restaurant next door in the morning. Staff all helpful and friendly. Bogdhan was really a star. Maggie helps keep the place spick and span. I would stay again and recommend
bubble_50	Walk from Penn station to this hotel, they will keep your luggage for you if you arrive (very) early like we always do.  Rooms are comfortable, food at the Brennan connecting with the Hotel is always satisfying, and they are in the center of midtown action. Prices are good too!
bubble_40	We stayed here as a family of four in February.  We found the hotel to be excellent value, the rooms had been recently renovated and the bathrooms were immaculate, with lovey toiletries.  It was very well located, only a few steps from a subway, Maceys, the Empire State Building and 5th Avenue.    As per some previous reviews, the rooms were very hot, but we found that by turning off the radiators in our rooms, they cooled down to a better temperature.  Other reviewers also mentioned that the hotel is dark, which is true, as there are no windows on the sides of the building   Although this did not bother us as it was February, it is something to be considered.  I would definitely recommend this hotel for a short stay.
bubble_50	The hotel is great, but the people are wonderful! The place looks like it's recently been renovated, everything is gorgeous. The staff feels more like a family. Bogdan is especially helpful.   The hotel is only a couple blocks from Penn Station, and less than a block from Herald Square, so there is no loss for anything to do.
bubble_50	In a great location, good value. Pics on the website are realistic. Very very helpful staff including Boggie and Milady for help with bags and places to eat. Would definitely recommend this to families.
bubble_50	Awesome location to stay if you are out everyday touring NYC!!! The beds are so comfortable, and so you get a good nights rest to gear up for the next day! I love the old building with the little black & white tile floor!
bubble_50	We stayed for 3 nights on our visit to NYC. The hotel staff were absolutely wonderful! We were able to leave our bags before check in so we could sight see without lugging them around. They always greeted us with a smile when we were coming or going. The room was a bit small, but it did not matter to us as we were not in it much other than to rest between our ventures. They serve breakfast at the adjoining restaurant, but we didn't try it. There is a gym available. We had a beautiful view of the Empire State building from our window. The room was nice and cold and the bed was comfortable for sleeping. Overall wonderful experience! Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Wonderful service especially Maggie who attended yo our room. She was so friendly and memorable. Loved the location as it was so close to Herald Square. Our room was spacious and looked like the picture online. Staff in general were very welcoming. Will be our go to when in New York again.
bubble_40	We checked into this hotel late at night and found the room small but clean and functional. We couldn't sleep from the noise of the air conditioning unit and so turned it off. The drumming noise continued and we couldn't see until the following morning that it came from the air conditioning fans attached to the office building next door. That morning we asked to be moved, only to be told that we were already in the quietest part of the hotel. The windows blinds were permanently down and so there was no natural light in the room. The staff were all very friendly and tried to be helpful with tourist information etc. Included in the room rate was morning tea/coffee, provided at the adjoining bar called Branagans. The location was excellent for mid-town Manhattan, 5th Avenue and the
bubble_40	Ok hotel at an OK price, friendly staff, and we could keep the room longer last day, for more convenient trip back home. Did not try their breakfast (/restaurant) or their extra services, which you have to pay additional fee for, that should have been a choice, not what everyone needed to pay for, 35$ each day.
bubble_50	Where to even begin? I lived in NYC for 3 years. Good hotels, at a good price are really hard to come across! The hotel is beautiful, clean, and the staff is extremely friendly. The next door restaurant is also awesome. Oh, and did I mention the price is extremely reasonable?!  It's also very centric, just a few steps from the subway in Herald Square, which for those who are not very familiar with NYC, means you can get pretty much anywhere relatively easy using the subway ;)
bubble_50	A wonderful hotel,with a quaint charm of its own, in an excellent location. All the staff, especially Bogdan, were extremely helpful and considerate to the needs of a family travelling to NY for the first time.   Brendan's Bar next door was convenient and the meals excellent.    The only downsides were a lack of ventilation and control of the air conditioning unit, which only had one setting of full power. However, it was so hot during our visit that this wasn't an issue.   I would happily stay again and recommend the hotel to family and friends.
bubble_50	My daughter and I visited NYC for the first time.  I booked this hotel because of its location.  It did not disappoint!  Within one block of the subway system and easy access to taxis.  One block from Macys and other shopping.  Very friendly and helpful staff who kept our luggage for us before we could check in and after we checked out so we can see the city. We got the breakfast for two package and we really enjoyed the very big breakfasts at Brendans Bar and Grill.  The room was clean and actually had a nice view.  If you like old buildings brought back to life with quaint features this could be the place for you!
bubble_50	Loved this hotel!  Stayed for just one night while in the city and was welcomed with exceptional hospitality and warmth.  The staff went out of their way, especially Boogie, who spoke kind words of encouragement to my son who was leaving for a year abroad as an exchange student.  The room was surprisingly large for NYC and everything was perfectly clean.  Stylish lobby and decor. Easy, convenient location.  Loved it, will definitely return.
bubble_50	Great staff, accommodations and value. The reception staff are all gracious and efficient. We really liked the convenience of the restaurant and bar when you're in a hurry and don't want to venture out or deal with waits and crowds.
bubble_50	The staff here was so incredibly accommodating for our little family! The room was spectacular and clean. The staff was helpful with directions and suggestions. We will definitely use this hotel again for future visits!!
bubble_40	Hotel staff very nice. Edgar when we left was great to talk with.   Hotel room is small though it had high ceilings but expected in downtown ny. Excellent beds and ac worked great.  The location is Great I love the independent branding.  Much nicer than franchises especially for the hotels in this location.    I would highly recommend this place as the location is great and parking is close across the street reasonable fee for self parking.  Took Uber rides to city attractions not to expensive.    Would stay again when traveling to the area.
bubble_40	Staff esp Bogdan couldnt have been more helpful  Central Location. Clean Good value   Good hotel Bar  Not so sure about the ubiquitous resort charge  Close to subway Empire State and walking distance to Highline
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed for two nights to explore New York. The hotel is located near to major tourist places and also has a metro station for easy commute. It also has a fine dine restaurant along with quality. It's definitely in my list if I happen to visit New York again.
bubble_50	I came for a conference to NYC, I spend the First night at the Hudson hotel and it was terrible... ,moving to the Gregory Hotel was like upgrading to Business Class. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the room was clean, with all you need, spaciousness and conformable , the bed was super comfortable... overall I will say fantastic!
bubble_50	We visited The Gregory Hotel for two nights in the end of July, and are very satisfied with the visit. Very friendly and welcomming staff, and nice atmostphere. Were a family of four, with two teenagers, and we shared a familyroom with two double beds, at the 12th floor.  The hotel also have a restaurant next door, where I think the breakfast was served, that was very cosy. We ate dinner there one of the evenings.  Would absolutely recommend this hotel, and would love to visite again.
bubble_50	Booked a hotel room here for my Moms birthday and I have to say the staff could not have been more accomodating and lovely. Brian Bogdan and Milady were fantastsic and so so kind!!! Ive lived in NYC for 17 years and I can honestly say this level of hospitality is becoming more and more rare. What a breath of fresh air! I HIGHLY recommend this hotel. Clean, beautifully decorated and modern with a real sense of old New York charm. THANK YOU BRIAN!!! You are the best!!!
bubble_40	We stayed at the Gregory for 8 nights. Hotel room v good plenty of room for 3 - we were on the 12th floor with a view of the Empire state. Brendars bar next door good for coffee & morning breakfast. Good situation 34th St subway 1 minute away - close to Macy's Empire State & 7-8 minutes walk from Times Sq
bubble_40	The staff was good, very professional, nice and take care if its customers . The hotel is well situated near 5 th avenue, near Macys, near herald square station not too far from Time square. Victoria  secret is near as well, restaurants are near as well (3 min walk)
bubble_50	This was my second visit. All ways greeted with warmth and professionalism. My next visit in February I'll be staying here again. Thank Edgar for his great customer service with my curbside needs!   Thank you for meeting every need.
bubble_50	Maggie and the staff was the best we will come thousand times over. My lady went to Redken exchange college to get more knowledge on hair coloring and it went amazing. We ate the best pizza in New York City to offer.
bubble_50	Great location, Great room, Great Service and Great price! For us it was pretty well perfect!   Subway, Shopping, Restaurants steps away Staff was friendly and welcoming! Room was very spacious and modern.
bubble_40	The hotel in general is fine. The location is amazing, and the food was very good. The people in the restaurant were very nice, especially Jose. If it werent for a lady that was at the front desk( the one that speaks Spanish) and the manager that day(Sunday) we would have had a perfect stay. She was very rude to us and she was going to charge us for a service fee that we had already paid, and when we tried to explain to her and the manager that we had already paid, they didnt listen. I was very upset with that. They gave me my money back for that service fee, but that doesnt justify the fact that they were extremely unprofessional. That is no way to treat a customer.  I am only taking about this  Two people.
bubble_40	This was my first time ever staying at a non-chain hotel. My initial apprehension evaporated very quickly.  Highlights:   - The staff of the front desk were kind, quick, and personable.   - I'm an old-building geek, and the walk up the spiral staircase to my room had me grinning.   - My room was _very_ comfortable.   - The location was awe-inspiring. The Gregory is surrounded by some of the best architecture NYC has to offer.  All in all: it was lovely. I will _absolutely_ be returning to The Gregory in the future.
bubble_40	We stayed here for a week in July 2018. Reception was always staffed and friendly. Our room was on the 10th floor looking out towards The Empire State Building, gives a great feeling of being in New York. We enjoyed having the service package or what ever its called, WiFi was good and we used the dryclening offer daily. We were aware that this mandatory package is not included in the room price so beware when booking on a budget. Room service was good, the daily water bottles were a great detail. I left my beloved hat in the room at checkout, room service and especially Andersen went out of his way to fedex them to our next stay in South Carolina so thanks for that. Free morning coffee in the ground floor, breakfast service (not included) in the bar was  great. We didnt visit
bubble_50	I traveled to New York for business. My office is in MidtownNY.  It was a leisurely 15 minute walk to the office on 46th st. Macys was 100m away and Times Square minutes away also. The Empire State Building was on the next block, making it a landmark to locate the hotel from anywhere in the city. It was central to Penn Station and a great place to take an evening stroll from.  The hotel itself displayed charm and character. While selecting a king size bed with a tailored package made it comfortable and easy to do business. The tailored package ensured I had a fresh shirt each day.  I will stay again!
bubble_40	Room was in quaint older hotel but very clean. Staff were kind, helpful, and great to deal with. Attached restaurant had good food at very reasonable price. Some of our best meals. Walking distant to all mid town NYC within a block to sub station, 5 min to Empire States Building and maybe 10-15 time Square. No problems walking to and from.
bubble_50	Convenient location - easy to get in/out. Arrived early in the AM and staff welcomed me early and kept my luggage safe until my room was early. Staff was friendly and helpful and hotel was clean.  Restaurant/bar was awesome.
bubble_40	I was in town for a business trip and decided to try The Gregory Hotel given its proximity to the business locations I needed to frequent.  I found the staff friendly and responsive.  The room was more than adequate for a Manhattan hotel with a good working desk and a comfortable bed.  I particularly liked that the hotel was quiet and that I could actually use the stairs more than the elevator.   I took advantage of the offer to have one shirt cleaned per day.  It worked as advertised with a 24 hours turnaround. The hotel is close to just about everything in mid town and is very close to a subway stop if you need to go elsewhere.   I've already booked another stay at The Gregory
bubble_20	Pros:  - Convenient location Cons:  - Small room with a view of a block wall  - Thin walls that let you hear every breath of your neighbor  - Window-box A/C that cycles constantly, all night long  - Bizarre "water tub" - like a full-motion water bed, but for your bathtub. Seriously. The tub liner had water under it, and standing on it was dizzying and definitely not safe  - Tailored Fee of $31/day, which apparently covers the 'free' water. Combined with the city & sales taxed charged on the Occupancy and Javits taxes,and you're paying more than 28% in taxes and fees.  - Slowest elevators in the world
bubble_50	Couldn't have a better location in Midtown without peace and quiet to allow for some rest at the end of busy NYC days!  Block from the subway.  Really enjoyed the staff, lots of amenities on site and an incredibly helpful team to make it a great experience
bubble_50	Exceptional  service from the moment we arrived.  Bogdan greeted our shuttle in the street with a genuine, bright smile.  He was extremely professional yet warm and enthusiastic.  Another special mention is Victor at the front desk, who was always smiling and happy to help with whatever request we had.  All hotel staff were dressed in tailored and hip fashion.  The hotel lobby is very charming, stylish and functional.  We enjoyed the complimentary AM coffee at Brendan's next door and daily dry cleaning.   We had a beautifully decorated corner room with large windows revealing a nice view of the Empire State Building.  The king bed, pillows and sheets were extremely luxe.  Only suggestion would be to pay closer attention to the linens:  bedding and some towels had stains on them
bubble_40	This is a really good and nice hotel that I can warmly recommend to others. The rooms were really nice and the beds comfortable. The location is also great -close to everything. 5th avenue and Empire state building just arround one corner and Macy's and a lot of other stores arround the next. We bought coffee and bagel on the corner every morning. The hotel have a nice lounge and Bogdan helped us with all our questions and was very service minded. I will deffenetly book this hotell again.
bubble_50	I was in NYC on a recent business trip and decided to stay at The Gregory Hotel.  It is only 3 blocks from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden and directly between Macy's and the The Empire State Building.  This is a boutique hotel, but the room was very spacious and the entire staff were great and very accommodating.  They all always had smiles on their faces which is rare for NY.  One of the amenities that I though was great was getting an item drycleaned for free daily.  This was very handy on a long business trip and if you got the item in early it was returned that evening.
bubble_40	We had an amazing stay at The Gregory.  Gulbiye gave us not only a very warm welcome but also during our stay she guided us and made us feel home. The rooms where very comfortable. The only problem was the aircon that was very noisy
bubble_50	Nice spacious room. Not sure what everyone means by small rooms, ours had lovely windows on the 11th floor and nice sized light and airy bathroom! Perfect place to unwind everyday after being busy sightseeing! The bed was comfy, room was clean, staff was very friendly and the decor was charming and unique. Word of advice, book directly though the hotel, you end up being charged the same amount, because discount sites dont include the resort fee and their website does. Resort fee includes a lot, free internet, one garment dry cleaned a day, etc. eneded Up being the same price on their site as the discount places and I believe we got a better room/ upgrade for booking directly on their page.    Only negative was the restaurant downstairs. In the morning I went down there for tea
bubble_50	Warm friendly staff offers a unique experience in New York. Its a throwback in a good way. I still remember the faces and smiles of those wonderful gentleman that greeting.  Beyond good.    As far as the rooms are concerned they are not extravagant but they are good. There is no central air. But the air conditioner is High functioning and solid.  There is coffee and tea for free in the morning and that is such a nice addition.    The lobby decor is great. Reminds you of Europe. Tasteful and not boastful.
bubble_40	Pretty central to many things, just around the corner from the Empire State Building, Central Park is a bit of a walk, however if you go through Time Square up through Broadway you get to see a few more things on the way on foot. The only thing wrong with the room (that I found) was that there are no Tea & Coffee facilities - you have to fend for yourself at night time, or go to Bar next door (not good when you are very tired or in your PJ's. Staff were friendly and dcor was fine.
bubble_40	I loved this hidden gem in the garment district:  delightful personnel, spare-but-fresh decor, reasonable price.  My housekeeper MAGGIE "made my day" with her sunny compliments and attention to detail. (Super housekeeping, too!)  Perfect for solo traveler.
bubble_50	We had an amazing week in NYC and The Gregory was my complete support, and daily restoration! Edger (the best go-to-guy) you need your own review but thanks of ton for the awesome info and help ..staff you also totally rock! Victor (front desk) thank you! hotel location and stay , absolutely no complaints.
bubble_50	Loved staying at The Gregory with my teen daughter for a night. Decor of the lobby of this boutique hotel was perfect. Alba and Gulby (sp?) at reception were friendly and helpful, pointing out the parking garage across the street where you get a discount ($42 instead of $50/night; you get a sticker to put on the parking ticket). It was so easy to leave bags there and have it tagged and safely kept behind the desk or in a dedicated room near the entrance. Edgar and Bognan were wonderful too the day we left, helping me with my bags to store and then later carrying them to my car. My daughter and I stayed in room 1109 with a queen size bed. It had a small writing desk against the window which I used to get some work done. The space was cozy, but really enough for the two of us. We
bubble_50	This is the third time we've stayed at the Gregory...the first time was when it was 35 and undergoing renovation.  The staff is friendly and responsive, the hotel is charming and the rooms are very nice:  comfortable bed, new bathrooms, very neat and clean.  Special shout out to Maggie who cleaned our room.  It's in a great location close to the subway, Macy's, Times Square.  The only thing we weren't crazy about is the room AC which doesn't operate on a thermostat.  But we'd go back again in a minute.  Great place to stay.
bubble_40	Very near to most land marks, just a few walk to subway station, near Macys, Time square, shopping and restaurants, clean and nice rooms, comfortable beddings, courteous staff, with complementary tea and coffee from 7am-11am.
bubble_50	There are many hotels in New York City, but only one has the exceptional staff of the Gregory.  My sister and I have been staying in the Gregory (and all its former names) twice a year since 2005.  Because of the super staff, we wouldn't stay anywhere else.  We are vintage people in our late seventies and come to New York on a holiday we call Sisters' Week.  The staff makes our week together very special and memorable.  The area is convenient and safe to walk back to the hotel from the subway at midnight.  Safety is important to us.  Every member of the staff goes out of their way to be helpful, professional, efficient, gracious, and most of all kind. We have come to consider the staff as family.  Yes, it's an older hotel - vintage, just like we are.  If you want slick and
bubble_50	My package from Amazon was received and signed by a hotel employee. But almost got lost in the hotel. However, one of the employees, Mr. Bogdan, was so responsible and did the best he could to recover the package in the following day. Without him, I would have rated the hotel very poorly despite the hotel has goood amount of positives.  I am giving Mr. Bogdan 5 stars, Excellent, and I would give the hotel 4 stars for its very good location and neatness.  I will be coming back for my next business trip.
bubble_50	I chose this property from the pictures/reviews/prices listed on the website and could not have been more pleased with our experience there. Brian, Bogdan (I think) and Anderson all made the check in and check out experience perfection. The rooms (we had 2 doubles) were well appointed and beautifully decorated. There was nothing we needed that we didn't have. And, the bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. I am a picky person and I cannot find a single thing to complain about; I'd like to live at The Gregory.
bubble_50	Spent 10 days at the Gregory and very impressed. Rooms were well set up and cosy. The fridge was welcome as was the bottles of water to have during the hot days out. So close to central shopping and tourist attractions. Lobby was a great place to chill before and at the end of a busy day. Thoroughly recommend
bubble_50	From the first minute Boogie and Brian greeted us upon our arrival, The Gregory exceeded our expectations. Super enjoyable to talk to Boogie and Brian every day as we came and went. Great advice for restaurants. Lovely, clean hotel! Friendly, helpful staff including Sheena, the thorough housekeeper, and Edgar's friendly help with luggage. I hope to return to New York and stay at The Gregory! Rita and Deb
bubble_40	The Gregory is a beautiful hotel in a prime location with excellent staff. All our queries were dealt with promptly and in a friendly manner. While chatting to the staff we realised a few of the staff have been there for over 20 years! The receptionists and concierges were amazing -  friendly, professional and welcoming. Edgar, was particularly helpful and engaging. We were lucky and awoke every morning with a view of the Empire State building - although not all rooms have this luxury. Thanks for a great stay.
bubble_50	We were greeted by a friendly staff who provided great advice on parking and getting around NYC. Edgar was particularly attentive but the whole staff was amazing. Some of the friendliest people in NYC who made us feel like family. Our room was clean and spacious for NYC standards. Our family of 4 was very comfortable, safe and welcome. There was free (and very good) Water in the lobby and coffee in the connecting restaurant with numerous restaurants and shopping within one block. I would recommend The Gregory to anyone! Be sure to ask for Edgar!
bubble_40	The Gregory was a lovely throwback to earlier times with a great little reception area with wood panelling and an old fireplace by easy chairs. The staff were very pleasant and helpful.  The rooms themselves are older but the superior room we booked was spacious and comfortable and gave views down onto 34th Street behind.  The location right by Herald Square gave access to subway trains to anywhere you wanted to go.  The only disappointment was the "resort fee" that they tried to charge after our 4 night stay. This was explained to cover the dry cleaning service (which we didn't use); the two bottles of water per day in our room; the tea & coffee facilities (which were only available in the morning in the bar next door!); and the wifi service.   I explained that we got free wifi
bubble_50	Room service staff are helpful, efficient and friendly. If you need anything just ask for Janet. She makes sure you have everything you. The room services team always acknowledge you when you walk past. On ya, Janet!
bubble_50	The Gregory is fantastic! Being able to have such a quality hotel stay at an unbelievably good price just a block from the Empire State Building seems too good to be true, but its very much for real. The Gregory gets you all you could want in a NYC hotel and at a tremendous value. Ive stayed there twice now and will definitely be back next time Im in the 212.
bubble_50	Sweet boutique hotel in garment district. Hotel included 1 dry cleaned shirt daily! Pretty cool. Rented a double bed room. Plenty of space. Small updated bath. Enough room for 1 person only. Window a/c unit froze the room. We were very comfortable. Small gym in the basement was enough to get a run in and do some dumbbell work. Staff was nice. Neighboring restaurant had great bartenders. Nice breakfast. Would stay again no question.  Rooms located by elevator get a little notice from doors. 2 complimentary waters daily.
bubble_50	Gregory Hotel was very clean, and staff was friendly.  Location was excellent, right off of Herald Square, close to a lot of different subway lines.  Stayed for 3 nights and didn't have any issues with noise being close to a busy area.
bubble_40	We enjoyed a wonderful 4 night stay at The Gregory. The location was very central and a perfect place to set off either uptown or downtown. The staff were very attentive and welcoming. Edgar and Bognan greeted us each time we returned, spent time chatting with us, and helped us with any questions. This created a very personal touch! The room and bathroom were a nice size. We would definitely return!
bubble_50	We arrived on a rainy morning and were greeted outside at our taxi to help with our luggage. Our room was ready and upgraded to a top floor with view.  We really enjoyed the lobby infused water and ability to print our boarding passes in the lobby. The location was great, steps to the subway stop and minutes to Macy's and Broadway/Time Square.  We will tell our friends and stay again. Thanks Brian for a great stay!!
bubble_50	The hotel is charming. Staff are polite and helpful. We had a room with a king-size bed and a sofa bed that comfortably fit three people. The room was not large, but that is to be expected for this location.  The facilities were clean. The hotel provides free morning coffee (from the neighboring restaurant), and tasty fresh cool lemon water. They also have free bottled water in the room.  The one thing I wish was present was a coffee maker in the room. But the downstairs coffee was good.  The room did not have a good view, but again, that is to be expected in this location. It is also advantageous to have a room that does not face the street, since these are less noisy.  The location is fabulous. Walking distance to Times Square and good shopping and restaurants in the area. A
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location, very central, close to the subway and great restaurants. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Loved the decor of the lobby, it is in the garment district and the lobby reflects that in character. Rooms are very nice, we had a fridge which was great. We could see the Empire State Building from our room. Bathroom was very small. Brendan's restaurant attached to this hotel was very good. So good we returned for a second night when we had planned to try different places to eat. My only complaint about The Gregory was housekeeping was lacking. Our room was clean but after housekeeping was through there were things missed.  I would stay at the Gregory again.
bubble_50	Loved the service and attention, staff is very pleasant and provides help, tips on what to explore, best places to eat, etc. Hotel is properly kept and rooms are clean. Would definitely stay there again.
bubble_50	This was our first stay at the Gregory...it was a convenient location...close to Penn station, Empire State Building and the subway.  The room was clean and quiet (not always the cas in NYC) and the staff was friendly and helpful!
bubble_50	Thank God, some of the negative reviews I read did not discourage me from staying at this hotel. This is a beautiful hotel strategically located in Mid - Town Manhattan, which means, it is close to everything; subway stations, shopping, food, Time Square.....you name it. I stayed here for 3 night and I have absolutely nothing negative to say.  The staff are extremely friendly, I like the jeans and shirt uniform, different from the usual. I was welcomed by Mr. Bogdan with a cup of chilled flavored water which was what I needed after walking from PENN Station to the hotel under the very hot sun. I was immediately checked in. I stayed in a double bed room on the 11th floor. Room is a good size, the only thing lacking was a micro wave. Management should really consider having
bubble_50	Customer service that is second to none.   I arrived at the hotel, stressed and worried as I had lost my wallet between the UK and NYC. So now the awkward business of payment without any means of payment.   Suffice to say that the staff were brilliant. They send emails on my behalf to get my work mates to send
bubble_30	Stayed 6/19-6/25. Lobby and restaurant were beautiful and food was good. Location was great for seeing the sights but the area was filthy (obviously not the hotels fault). Weekday front desk staff was very welcoming, friendly and helpful. Weekend staff was cold and snobby and did not acknowledge us when we walked by. Room decor materials were very stylish but once you really look around you notice how shoddy/worn/dirty the room and bathroom are. For example - shoddy bathroom tile and paint job, moldy bathroom window due to no exhaust, floor molding in the room peeling off and gross looking black scuff marks on the side of the bathroom vanity. Bathroom is so small that if I was any larger using the toilet wouldve been near impossible. I realize this is due to the age of the
bubble_50	The staff was attentive and courteous, the room was clean and attractive and smallish.  Centrally located so uptown and downtown are both easy subway rides and/or walks. My second time in this place. Always a great deal for the price.
bubble_50	The staff were very pleasant, the room was very nice and the ability to watch a world cup match on Sunday morning the bar was lovely.  An en-suite mini bar would be a nice addition to the library feel of the hotel.
bubble_40	The best thing about the hotel is that they have the best group of staff at the front desk. Helpful and very friendly (especially Bogdan).  The room is small (just like any other hotel in new york) and cleanliness was only ok. Overall the ambience of the room was not very pleasant but the staff made up for it. So if youre looking for a hotel in times square area, you will be happy staying here. This hotel is located near macys and the surrounding shopping outlets.
bubble_50	Customer service and the facilities within the hotel were great. Will definitely be recommending this hotel, and staying here again. The location of the hotel was convenient and the staff were very helpful in showing us how to get around. Thank you!
bubble_50	I loved the room. Very clean and well appointed. I had a view to the street on the 3rd floor and it was not too noisy. The staff was very nice. I am a New Yorker living in Georgia and when visiting my hometown I will stay here again.
bubble_20	When I first checked in,  I was given a room with a shade falling down - see photo.  After the first night in a new room, I realized in the morning that even after leaving the water running for 10 min, it did not get hot enough for a comfortable shower.  I reported the issue in the morning and went to an all day meeting. Upon my late return, it was clear it still had not been fixed.  When I talked to the person at the front desk about the unresolved issue at checkout, she gave me the card of the manager, and assured me I would get a call. When no response, I emailed the manager with the issues. Still no response.  I then forwarded my email and information to TripAdvisor who made the reservation.  Although helpful, they also got no response from the hotel.  Very odd for a hotel
bubble_10	There were staff falling all over us every time we entered the lobby (too much, over-the-top). Room was not ready until 4 p.m. (we arrived at noon). When we asked for later check-out, we were told that we would be charged extra.  At 11:30 p.m., we experienced someone trying to enter our room. They had keycard access! The bang on the door and security chain woke us up. Then we received a call from front desk questioning how we got access to the room and who gave us access. After an unreasonable amount of time and questioning (inquisition), we hung up on the call. A frightening and unsettling experience that kept us awake most of the night.   Then when we returned from breakfast, our keycard had been cancelled. When explaining the situation from the night before and then been
bubble_50	Great location, access to everything, great and helpful staff. Nice rooms, small bathroom but who cares? When you are in NYC we walked to Times Square, Empire State Building and Macys are 1-2 blocks away. The train(meter) station is meters from the door of the hotel, loved it, highly recommended!
bubble_30	Pros: - Hotel location is great. Close to subway, restaurants, Starbucks; Duane Read pharmacy - Working air conditioning system despite filter needed to be cleaned - Friendly staff especially the doorman - Comfortable bed, clean/soft sheets and pillows - The room size was good and cozy. Good size for 2 adults.  - The lotions, shampoo, conditioner, handsoap and body wash products were good; all by CO Bigelow  Cons: - The bathroom had a horrible moldy and musky smell which unfortunately contributed to giving this hotel a very negative rating.  We believe housekeeping had been wiping down the bathroom with an old, nasty, dirty cloth or towel.  Also not sure the hotel heard of disinfectant amd bleach products such as Mr. Clean or Lysol.  The smell from the bathroom was so bad
bubble_40	We had a wonderful stay at the Gregory.  The front desk staff and concierge were extremely helpful and welcoming!  Be aware that there is an additional daily tailoring fee of over $30 for each day.  The tailoring fee includes WIFI, bottled water, cleaning of one garment, and use of the facilities.  Since we were only in the city for one night it would have been impossible to take advantage of the having a garment cleaned in time before our checkout.  It was a steep price to pay for WIFI and two bottles of spring water.  Although we loved the hotel, I m not sure that we would stay there again due to the unreasonable add- on charges.
bubble_30	The location of this hotel is simply amazing, A couple of minutes walk from the subway, from the Empire State Building, from fifth avenue and from Bryant Park. Unfortunately the hotel itself feels old. The floor is cracking at places, there are heavy doors that close with such a bang each time distributing the sleep of the unfortunate guests in the rooms close by. The beds are very high for some unknown reason, and the windows bring in all the noise of the street. I didn't have a single night of sleep that wasn't interrupted by noise from the outside. In addition I myself had a room with broken shades which caused the sunlight to enter my room in the morning. In all fairness I will point out that after reporting this I was moved the following day to a different room so thanks
bubble_40	Let's set the record straight - even 5 star hotels receive bad reviews and bad experiences.  Also, there are people you will never be able to win over even if you gave them something for free.  If you are looking for a classy, clean, convenient hotel, give The Gregory a shot.    Here's my list of pro's and con's: Pro's - The Superior King size room was quite large for NYC standards and was very comfortable. - Bedding was super soft and comfortable! - 7th floor location was very quiet - Location was a block away from Macy's, 1 block from the 34th street subway stop, about a 7 minute walk to Times Square  - Brendans Bar & Grill next door was super nice and friendly - The hotel staff Michael and Alan were super friendly and helpful  Con's - No coffee in the rooms but was available
bubble_40	Boutique hotel! centrally located. My stay was very pleasant.  Still don't understand the resort fee?  Front desk staff was very nice!  Free coffee in the morning is a nice treat- Wish they had decaf.  Would stay again!
bubble_30	Overall the hotel is probably a 4* for Midtown NYC in fairness. The location is amazing....within moments of walking out the door you will have arrived at one of the NYC sights in any direction. Its not on the busiest street in midtown or anything so its a little break from that mayhem and there is a nice bar attached to the hotel. I had to knock a star off though. Our room, while clean and comfortable...smelled a bit funky. And Im an android user...and they wernt able to connect it to their wifi. We had no view at all also. Frustrating.
bubble_40	Hotel location was convenient and the hotel stay was nice. The rooms are comfortable, clean and cozy. The facility fee is outrageous :(  Doesn't seem fair to be hit with an $177.00 Fee for a 4 night stay. We stayed in NYC to see the many attractions and spend time with family. We were not interested in seeing the gym at all. There is no practical reason for fee!!
bubble_30	This is a nice hotel.  Great staff.  I had a lovely room on the 10th floor.  I thought it was a good deal however the $31 "Tailored Fee" PER DAY certainly bumps up the cost of your nights stay.  This is for the use of the business center (a desk top computer in reception), dry cleaning of one shirt or blouse (you are 2 minutes from Macy's if you need a clean shirt it would be cheaper to go and buy one!), use of the gym and 2 bottles of "free" water in your room.  So basically I was paying $15.50 per day for a bottle of water!  Other than that good location.
bubble_10	When I booked my room, I was excited to stay at the Gregory because of the great reviews and pictures online.   The lobby was cozy and I was greeted quickly and was sent up to my room.  They put me on the 2nd floor w/ 35th street views.     My initial thought was the room was cute, small, there was a window unit A/c to cool the room...which I thought was odd.   Loved the very high ceilings that make you feel less boxed in.   I opened a skinny door to what I thought was the closet....it was the smallest bathroom I had ever been in!!! The toilet and sink are so close together you have to squeeze between them to get to the shower.   I was cramped and I am 4'11 and small.   Anyone larger would be miserable I think.   There was no conditioner and I took the last tiny bit of shampoo
bubble_50	I especially appreciated the friendly and helpful front desk staff, who helped me plan subway and walking routes for places I wanted to visit, printed out emails for me, arranged for free laundry (one shirt each night) and in general were extremely peasant.
bubble_40	Stayed for 3 nights midweek. This is a typical mid range NYC hotel with pleasant desk staff with a smart lobby, good WiFi and bar/pub.  Rooms are quite basic but my room (a single Queen on the 3rd floor) was plenty big enough. Bed was comfortable and bathroom shower worked well. Aircon was window mounted and a little noisy but you soon get used to it!  Its location, close to 5th avenue, Broadway and Herald Square makes it convenient too.
bubble_50	We were made to feel very welcome from the moment we arrived, the staff were friendly and very accommodating. The hotel has a quirky feel, with good sized rooms, safety boxes and a fridge. The hotel  provided a clean service daily of fresh towels and bedding, along with free tea and coffee being served before 11am in the bar. The hotel location is perfect and sits right next to the Empire State Building and just a few minutes walk from Times square. There is plenty to do around the hotel accommodation, food, shops and entertainment. There is a subway at the end of the street, making it easy to access all other areas. It was the perfect stay.
bubble_50	A wonderful hotel with a friendly unpretentious atmosphere. Great bar and restaurant next door and an excellent location for restaurants, Times Square and theatre district. Reasonable rates too. Would stay here again anytime.
bubble_30	This is a small hotel housed in what looks like a very old building just a tiny stroll from Macy's Herald Square (for those unfamiliar with NYC, this is the Macy's of the famous Thanksgiving parade), the Empire State Building, and our favorite NYC steakhouse, Keen's.  I didn't notice any info on the history of the building and their website doesn't provide any, but the decor harkens to the Garment District's past, with framed shirt collars and line drawings of clothing patterns on the walls.  The "do not disturb" signs for the rooms are actual neckties.  The lobby is small but inviting and the front desk staff were welcoming.  We booked our one night's stay through Hotel Tonight, so we didn't get to choose our room category, as is the tradeoff for getting the discounted rate.
bubble_50	The Gregory Hotel was absolutely adorable, from the lobby to the room decor. Service was excellent and it was the most comfortable sleep I've had in any hotel. The street is quiet but very close to subways and Time Square. Would definitely book here again.
bubble_50	Spent 6 nights in this lovely hotel . Greeted on our arrival  by  very  friendly staff. Our room on the 9th floor was quite spacious,spotlessly clean  and well appointed. Liked the quirky details that  showed this hotel  was in the garment district of NYC. The location is fabulous, just  around the corner from the Empire State and close to  lots of shops, restaurants and the subway.
bubble_50	Just returned from The Gregory. Fantastic locatiion, couldn't have chosen better. From our room we had a sideways view of the Empire State Building. Free tea/coffee in the morning we used every day, & got hot water from Brendans Bar other times too. Another nice touch was the fruit water in Reception. Lovely art deco lobby, small gym (which we didn't use as we'd walked so much every day couldn't bring ourselves to avail but it did look good.)  I had to visit the hospital while in NYC and the staff could not have been better, They definately made it less stressful than it could have been.  Thank you to all at The Gregory.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed for one night at The Gregory. Our room was lovely, comfortable, quiet and spotlessly clean. The staff was exemplary in the lobby and in the restaurant where we had a very good breakfast.
bubble_20	The worst part is the surprise $53/day fee for two small water bottles and internet service.  Coffee was only available in the lobby for a limited time, and the hotel was very noisy.  Ice machines are only on two of the 13+ floors.  The problem is that these amenities i describe above are standard for nearly every other modern hotel and the surprise fees need to be published.  If I knew what I was really paying for the room, I would have stayed  somewhere else.   In the future, I will not favorably view this hotel, will not recommend it to friends and colleagues, and I am not planning on staying there again on my next trip to New York
bubble_50	We had the standard king room and it was a good sized room (not too small). Hotel staff are extremely helpful and friendly! Furthermore, our room was modern and clean + location is prime. Highly recommend this hotel !!!
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week mid May 2018.  Great location, good value and staff who were very helpful, smiley and considerate.  The room was a good size but bathroom a little tight but no real complaints apart from that.  Everything functioned well.
bubble_50	I stayed 3 nights and the room was very comfortable. The bathroom was tiny but had great lighting!!!! The room had a view of the Empire State Building which was cool. The location was super convenient to everything!!! The staff was awesome and answered all my questions and recommended a few different places for breakfast. The elevators are tiny!!!
bubble_40	Enjoyed my stay @ The Gregory very much. Extremely convenient location with eclectic European style decor. Staff are all very professional, friendly & helpful. Located in busy Herald Square, hotel is in need of some TLC. With only two very small elevators for guests & staff to use, you need to be patient. With that said, I would recommend & stay again.
bubble_50	This hotel is located close to the theater district, central park, and all the happenings of the city. At night it was quiet and peaceful. The city can be noisy at night, with sirens, yelling, cars honking. However, this hotel seemed to be tucked away from all of that noise.
bubble_50	What a delightful hotel.  Rooms are small but immaculate.  Bed was VERY comfortable.  Actually had a small, walk-in closet.  If there is more than one person all luggage will fit in closet and not need to be in the room.  All staff were helpful and pleasant.  I will happily stay there again.
bubble_40	We really enjoyed our stay at Gregory Hotel in May. The location is fantastic and the bar cosy. The staff was really friendly and helpful. However, the AC was really noisy and too windy even on low fan and there was a few other things in the room that could have been better (better light at the mirror, proper vent in bathroom etc.) but overall the room was spacy, nice bed and amazing with a fridge.
bubble_50	Loved it. Actually for once in nyc thought a good value. Room was new and nice. Great place!  Staff was friendly and helpful. Location was midtown near everything. Would stay here again when staying in NYC.
bubble_50	Lovely boutique hotel - more spacious than I expected. Would definitely stay here again. Got a great deal on Hotel Tonight.  Bathroom was clean and BIG for NYC.  Location is great for seeing a Broadway show.
bubble_50	If you want to be walking distance from lots of the midtown and key action spots - 5th Ave shopping, flatiron district and herald square...This is the place to be! Cute place. Great service. I'll be staying there again, for sure.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Gregory for 8 nights and had such a fantastic stay. We were a party of 5 with 3 rooms, our room 1105 had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. The staff were so lovely, Alba had a card and bottle of champagne delivered to our room for our wedding day and a gentleman from the team took photos of our vintage taxi for us.   The room was large, clean and had a comfy bed with settee, air con and large bath / shower. There was everything we needed ironing board, fridge, good selection of TV channels, dressing gowns.   We knew about the $28 per night fee before we went by booking with booking.com but even including this the price was competitive. You get free wifi which is fast and works throughout the hotel on unlimited number of devices, item of clothes
bubble_30	Nice enough hotel with pleasant staff However I was really disappointed to have to pay $140.28 extra for "Tailored fees" over a four night stay! These were supposedly for use of the gym,a free morning coffee and one laundered shirt per room a day.two bottles of water and use of wifi  Total rip off.Most good hotels have these services as standard If I had known this I would probably have gone elsewhere  Also our room was never made up until late afternoon
bubble_50	The Gregory Hotel is a small boutique hotel that is in the perfect location for a short getaway to the Big Apple. Although the bathrooms are small, the rooms are very comfortable. Bogdan and the front of house staff are very friendly and helpful. I would have no hesitation in recommending The Gregory Hotel as the ideal base to explore Manhattan. Macy's is 2 minutes away and Times Square is right on your doorstep yet it is a quiet hotel. I'll be back!
bubble_40	The Gregory is a lovely hotel situated in the heart of Manhattan with easy transport links and within walking distance from main sights!   The room was clean and simple, looked slightly older than the pictures but was cosy and homely!   Lovely hotel!
bubble_50	We planned a quick trip to NYC and although we were only there one night, The Gregory was a great choice! It's a nice walk or short uber ride to anywhere you want to go around the city. We definitely recommend the Gregory and would stay there again.
bubble_30	Hotel was a bit old compared to the pictures. Rooms were very small. But we notice everything in New York seemed small except the yall building lol. We had a view of the Empire State Building from our window which was really nice. There was also hair in the shower the first day we got there, we didnt complain we just cleaned it ourselves. Hotel staff was very nice. Also there was nice bar next door to the hotel. It actually was connected to the hotel so you could access it without going outside. Good stay! Would recommend it for a quick stay.
bubble_10	Good location but small rooms with ridiculously small bathrooms for the price and this place scams you with extra fees - $28 for one bottle of water charged automatically per person every day. Deceptive business practices, the Gregory Hotel is a total scam. Can do much better in NYC - never again. Stay away from this scam hotel!
bubble_40	Second stay at The Gregory. Came back because I liked it. Centrally located, off 5th avenue in walking distance to Bryant Park, NY Public Library, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Center and more. Take a power walk up 5th and shop a little. Fantastic sushi right across the street at Izakaya MEW. Lobby is stylish, bathrooms are super cool. Vintage brass elevator. Prefer single bed room to double bed room. Room with two beds felt a bit off but that's just me. Corner room with one bed has lovely little settee and was more my style. Wish the bar in the lobby was open. Should take those pics off the internet.
bubble_40	We were 6 people, so we took 2 triple rooms. The rooms were spacious. They had a very comfortable large bed and a sofa bed (improvable). Very good cleaning. The best, the location, right next to the Empire State Building, we saw next to it from the window of the room.
bubble_40	My brother and I spent 4 nights at The Gregory.  One room was a good size, the second room was much smaller, though they were both the same price.  Rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable.  Reception staff were very nice and helpful.  I would stay again if the pricing is right.
bubble_50	This might be my new favorite NYC hotel. The location can't be beat for central access and walkability (you could throw a stone and hit the Empire State Building) and the process of checking in and out was faster and more efficient than I've ever experienced in my life. Somehow the front desk was able to process my reservation and tell me everything I needed to know in about 30 seconds instead of the usual five-minute spiel that weary travelers are forced to fidget through when they desperately want to get into a room and collapse.  The decor had a midcentury modern vibe that offered stark minimalism with hints of character that were charming without descending into kitsch territory, but the room was also surprisingly modern, with plentiful outlets and lamps with USB chargers,
bubble_40	The Gregory Hotel is centrally located and is within easy walking distance of Penn Station, Herald Square,Times Square and the Empire State Building along with many other points of interest.  The hotel is clean, well maintained and very comfortable. Our king room was a good size with a refridgerator, lounge chair, flat screen tv, and ample storage, but the bathroom was quite small. The adjoining Irish pub, Brendan's is very handy and offers a good breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The hotel staff is very pleasant and helpful. The only real downside was the city noise from outside which we could hear even on the sixth floor, but I imagine that is true no matter where you are in the city. I would return to this hotel.
bubble_40	Rooms were a little tiny, everything looked nice and cozy. Was not a big fan of the Irish pub/restaurant attached to the hotel, food was blah and service was slow! Our first time there we were seated by the hostess and just waited... and waited... then! a couple of ladies walked in and the waitress comes right over and takes their drink order before even looking us and she walked right by us to get to the other table. Good thing this hotel isn't far from everything and anything.
bubble_50	Great central location, right by subway entrance making it easy to get around. This was our first trip to NYC and was pleased with our choice. We felt very safe and the front desk staff was very helpful. The rooms were clean and nice. We had 3 in our room and felt that the room was larger than the others we looked at and the price was better. Very enjoyable experience all around.
bubble_40	Nice hotel and I enjoyed my stay.  However I was hit with a $71.00 a night resort fee which wasn't  represented in the price when I booked it. My company prepaid the room. They charged my incidentals card after I checked out.  I moved across the street to the Hampton.  No resort fees there.  This was very dishonest in my opinion.
bubble_50	Having spent months avidly reading reviews for The Gregory we cannot understand the petty gripes from a  few of the reviewers.  We stayed for 5 nights and loved it. This hotel was perfect for us, if we return to NY we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. Midtown is the perfect base for all trips and the Gray Line tour bus stops right at the top of the Road. The area around The Gregory comes alive at night, the eateries and bars are a real treat. The only issue was our phones not working but one of the Gregory staff quickly helped us sort a phonecard which we could use from our room. We booked through Thomas Cook into a Standard Queen which is in UK terms a King Size, the room was lovely(810). T.Cook explained the on site fee to us in advance so that didn't bother us and the
bubble_40	The employees were very polite. My boyfriend and I really liked the decor and the hotel overall. Besides the stain on the bed cushioning eveything was very clean and I have no complaints. It was a very comfortable stay.
bubble_50	We have just arrived back from 5 nights at this amazing hotel. I had booked the trip for my partners 40th and emailed ahead to tell them we were celebrating it. Mike from the hotel team organised a room upgrade where we had amazing views of the Empire State Building and a bottle of champagne waiting for us. Everything about this hotel is great, from the polite, friendly and knowledgable staff to the location. We will definitely be going back. Tip if you like karaoke, we had the best night at the venue which you turn right out of the hotel (not the one opposite!). Enjoy your stay. Beth & James,
bubble_40	Nice hotel with friendly staff. Very clean rooms and the service was always good. Good place to stay in central manhattan.  Did not like the fact that room temperature is impossible to control. One room was freezing the other very warm.   Overall a nice hotel.
bubble_50	The Gregory is at an excellent location to walk to everything. The help was also fantastic. Rooms are a little small but that is to be expected in New York City. We would totally go back to stay at this hotel
bubble_40	Very nice property, located close to Macy's at Harold Square. Conveniently located, 1/2 block to the subway station and 30 minute walk to Times Square.   The room was larger than most in New York City, well appointed with ropes and a nice bed linens.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here as part of our USA holiday. We needed somewhere in a central local and at a good price, we needed a base for the time we were there. The Gregory was perfect. Staff are all really helpful and our room had a view of the Empire State Building. Rooms are a good size for NY and really offer good value for money. Having stayed in some of the larger chain hotels in the city for work I would advice that the Gregory is a great pick for couples or families with older teens. You step out the hotel and you are near lots of places to eat, 10 minutes from Time Square.
bubble_50	Just came back from a 2-day business trip to New York. I really enjoyed everything about my stay at The Gregory: from the warm welcome of the staff--especially Milady and Milord :)-- their sense of humor and their service-oriented attitude, to the delicious food at the restaurant and the super clean and perfectly renovated rooms.
bubble_50	I was quite unwell when we arrived in NYC and the staff at The Gregory was so kind and thoughtful. I am so grateful for their care and consideration. They inquired of my well being every time I passed through! The room was clean and comfortable. Thank you!! We had a great time.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Gregory over a long weekend. We had a beautiful and large room; especially for Manhattan. The Subway was less than a block away and Macys is also right there. The staff was welcoming and gracious. The building had a few quirks in the way old buildings do,such as: the radiator heating and small elevator.  Half of the lobby was creatively decorated to reflect the historic character of the garment district. The other half of the lobby was fairly bare with an empty bar.   I would stay at the Gregory again. Hopefully that bar will be put to use with a wine reception.
bubble_50	We loved our stay at The Gregory! It is right next to Macys and Herald Square (have a waffle at the stand outside...theyre AMAZING), and is even closer to a big subway station that will get you anywhere you need to go. We walked to and from Times Square several times, which was a pretty easy walk too! The hotel itself is clean and charming, and the staff is so welcoming and friendly. Brendans, the restaurant next door, is also great. We ate breakfast there every morning of the four mornings we were there, and starting on the second day, the staff remembered our drinks orders from the previous day. We would definitely love to stay here again!
bubble_50	we were in the hotel with 2 children. Hotel is right in the center. great walking distance for children from all main attractions in the center. staff is very very nice and welcoming. helps you every time you need directions, or come back with alot of bags. Rooms are clean (except when you open the window). Rooms are rather small - but hey...its city center, and you come to the room only to sleep.  Great experience.
bubble_40	The staff in the main hotel were very friendly and accommodating. We had a view of the building (opposite and not great) but I would imagine there could be better rooms if you asked. Our friends stayed nearly opposite in Hampton Inn and weren't very impressed. They also paid for breakfast which they weren't impressed with either. We had free fast Wi-Fi and complementary coffee and tea in the mornings until 11am. The barman in the attached restaurant was also very helpful in filling up or water bottles each day. Noisy street with car horns a lot but hey, it is New York and therefore the city that never sleeps. Great locality for midtown things like Macy's and a mainline tube station around 50m away. Not far at all! I think from what I've heard from other friends who have visited
bubble_50	Great hotel that is close to everything....shopping and theater.  It also has a nice bar and restaurant. They will keep your bags for you if you would like to stay longer after the 12 noon checkout.  I will go back.
bubble_30	A great little hotel that is a bit beaten up but $30 per night in hidden fees for internet, coffee and water is outrageous.   I came down h For coffee at 6:45 and was told it was not ready till 7AM.  CRAZY.  PASS THIS HOTEL BY FOLKS!
bubble_30	Obviously New York is an expensive place to stay, but I can't complain that it was not comfortable and easy enough to get to. The area is a bit run down, and the street would have a lot of people begging and sleeping rough. We enjoyed our stay, but probably wouldn't stay again. A plus is that's it's right round the corner from the empire state building and Keens steak house which is fab!
bubble_40	The Gregory was only about a 15 minute walk to everything. Penn Station, Times Square, Broadway, etc. It's literally 1/2 a block from Macy's as well. We found the staff to be very friendly, the room looked exactly how it does in photos. It's a little small but more than adequate for NYC and extremely CLEAN, which counts for a lot. Brendan's Pub next door was great! The food is reasonably priced & it was delicious. There's no free breakfast but there is at least free coffee from 7-11 a.m. as well as free ice water in the lobby that appeared to be there throughout our entire stay. Our only disappointment was we were charged a $32.14 "resort fee" that I had to call about a few days later because I wasn't sure what the charge was for. I had booked the room through a third party
bubble_30	Arrived early and was given room straight away. Check in girl not overly friendly but nice enough. Room was quick small but adequate for overnight stay. Was a bit annoyed that I had to pay an extra $36 for Internet & coffee as most hotels have free internet. Good location for us but I wouldnt stay here again.
bubble_40	Location was great. Very central. We walked most places from this location. To 1 world Trade at the bottom and 86street East via Central Park in the north. Room was comfortable, sheets were excellent 100% cotton. A little dark and due to being an older building it really needed sound proofing. We could hear most things in the anointing room. Generally we loved our stay and the staff were wonderful.
bubble_50	Stayed for 4 nights in early March. The hotel is in a great location, literally round the corner from the Empire State Building. We had a lovely king size room with tasteful decoration and everything we needed for a quiet, comfortable stay. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend The Gregory!
bubble_50	I have in the past few months stayed in the Muse, the Aventi, the Algonquin and just this week The Gregory. The Gregory is my new favorite. I booked a King and was not disappointed. The room was beautifully laid out, the decor elegant and refined. The bathroom was small and not new. But I quite liked it, especially the black and white floor tiles. The room looked out over the Empire State Building which was charmingly romantic. Last but not least, the location was ideal. It was a short walk (0.6 miles) from Penn Station. There are several excellent Korean restaurants next door. Brendan's pub is also located on the first floor and the bar man was amiable and very helpful when I had a few questions about the menu. (I can recommend the chocolate dessert with the frangelico cream.)
bubble_30	I really wanted to like this hotel, becaue there are some things I appreciated; excellent location, great restaurant/bar attached, clean room and very comfortable bed, quaint. Those are the good things. Here are the not so good: FIRST IMPRESSION: Smells of very strong cologne that must be an air freshener. It hits so hard that it makes you wonder what scent they are trying to hide. Bar in lobby is a facade. It is not stocked or staffed nor is it an open, functional bar..just a facade and gives a "this hotel is struggling" vibe. No one greeted, smiled or welcomed us. Two men at front desk appeared to hate their life. In my entire stay, I never saw one smile from hotel staff. They looked miserable (not true of the restuarant side) The feeling of being an inconvenience is how it
bubble_10	Tons of reviews of hotel being too hot.  Tons of manager responses from Natalie, with apologies.  Why not just turn it down instead of apologize? Thats stupid, and frankly insulting.  You know theres a problem, but wont cancel my reservation because of it...poor customer service.  Im already aggravated.  In a city with hundreds of choices, I hate it before Ive even arrived.   Next review coming when I check in.  Since theyre making me stay, Ill be taking advantage of all they have to offer, to the fullest.    Regretfully, New York Regular, and all around common sense practitioner
bubble_30	We spent an afternoon - slam!- in our room - slam!  Staff really has no clue that closing doors softly is part of what makes up the hotel ambiance.  Over a dozen times in one hour our whole room would shake as doors slammed shut.  This went on throughout our six day stay.  Front of hotel staff were pleasant and efficient.  The attached restaurant and bar are good to have.  We spent several meals there and had drinks after seeing broadway shows.  If housekeeping can learn to close doors softly, we will be back.  If not, we won't.
bubble_50	A really stylish hotel just a street away from The Empire State Building and Macys. The interior reflects its Garment District location and we were lucky enough to have a room with an amazing view. Prior to arrival they happily to receipt of some tickets for me and even arranged their return when the ticket agent realised they had sent the wrong ones. All of the staff were so helpful and friendly and couldnt do enough to make our stay comfortable, all without being over bearing or intrusive.  Its now the only place I will stay in New York.
bubble_40	LOVE this hotel.  Area was full of great places to dine and very convenient to Madison Square Garden.  Impressed by the lady and gentleman behind the front desk.  Very kind and helpful.  Price was great and room was perfect for us!
bubble_30	The positives about the hotel are the location, many restaurants and shopping and close enough to many of the landmarks. The unfortunate things about the hotel are many. No doorman to help with luggage or Bellman. No room service. The elevators are so slow you might as well take the stairs not to mention the filth inside of them. The rooms gets so hot at night you must open the windows just to cool down. If the temperature goes below 55 degrees Fahrenheit the heat goes on so high that it's hard to even sleep. The receptionist are unhelpful to say the least. The rooms are extremely small with a tiny little work space. For the price, Garden Inn, Marriott Courtyard, all within a block are much better. I would recommend you do your homework, don't be fooled by the pictures, and
bubble_30	I did like the hotel but it was soooo hot in the room at night.  It was unseasonably warm for a February day but it was really uncomfortable to stay.  The front desk was very helpful and kind, I needed something printed and they were happy to help out.
bubble_50	After reading many reviews - mostly good, although a few not so good.  We decided that on the whole this hotel seemed perfect.  We were not disappointed.  From the moment we walked through the door the whole experience was a very positive one.  ALL the staff were very friendly and went that extra bit to make our stay a pleasurable one.  It was my 50th birthday so we were kindly upgraded to a suite.  The rooms were a very decent size for a city hotel and the decor really nice.  The beds were amongst the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the Breakfast at Brendan's was nothing short of amazing.  We enjoyed every moment spent in this little gem.  Literally 2 minutes from Macy's and 10 minutes from Times Square this location was perfect for seeing all of New York.  We will
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel! Love the decor. The staff was very nice and accommodating. We stayed in the city on the spur of the moment for a romantic overnight. We got a great last minute deal. Location was great as well.
bubble_40	We got back from a two nights in New York, staying at the Gregory. First time we'd stayed there, but overall a good experience. The room was a decent size, clean and problem free. We had planned to spend one night but decided to stay on for a second, and the front desk helped direct us to a web app that got us a great rate (better than Hotels.com) for the second night. Hotel rates in NYC vary a lot, and mid February is normally a less expensive time to stay. There is a 'resort/amenities' fee that is there way of keeping some of of the revenue away from the online hotel sites, but the extra $34 on a $120 room rate including tax made our second night a bargain. At under $200 this is a good hotel.
bubble_50	This was my second visit to the Gregory .  I chose the Gregory again because of my first visit.  I was not disappointed .  Room very clean and quiet .   Bed was amazing . Bar/restaurant very fun with good food.  Centrally located to shopping Macy's etc.  short walk to Times Square. Easy to get taxi and the subway.  The next time I am in New York I will stay  There again.
bubble_50	I had a really nice stay at The Gregory Hotel. The desk staff was friendly and welcoming and the room was so nice. They had a really nice bathroom too. It is also in a convenient location right downtown.
bubble_30	We were celebrating our engagement and my fiancs birthday on this once in a lifetime trip. I did send an email to the hotel before we arrived explaining this but there was no mention of congratulations from staff or token gestures of goodwill at all during our stay, which also fell over Valentines Day! In fact, we found the staff to be quite unhelpful and even rude to a point. Not looking up when speaking to us, no smiles, not putting down their mobile phone or making eye contact when being asked a question!  The room was nice with a comfortable bed and was a good size, however, there were no facilities to make yourself a drink in the room (only tea and coffee down in the lobby from 7-11am meaning no cup of tea in bed in the morning or after a long days exploring). The
bubble_50	We stay at the Gregory several times per year.  It is close to Macy's and Times Square and convenient to most of Manhattan.  Staff is always friendly.  The rooms are very clean, beds are comfortable.  The rooms are very small but it is NYC so you will find this is common and you son't spend much time in them anyway.
bubble_40	When we arrived our room didn't have a safe and the hot water wasn't running properly. We asked when we came back from food and they let us change room and all was fine. Room does get rather toasty in the night, but apart from that the room was fine and the bed is very comfy!  Hotel staff polite and friendly. Great location, about 10-15 min walk to times square, and 2 mins to empire state. Lots of subways close buy so easy to get around. Hotel was fairly quiet which was nice, overall nice stay :)  One thing I would point out is that there are only lamps no actual lights in the room which was abit odd, a tad dark when getting ready in the evening. We didn't like that there were extra charges / taxes that we were charged upfront, booking.com hadn't made these clear before booking.
bubble_40	excellent service, localization and reasonable pricing. it was a very good experience. I strongly recommend this hotel for the ones traveling either on tourism or business. the restaurant on the lobby is a good experience as well.
bubble_50	We have just stayed 3 nights at this lovely old hotel . On arrival it doesnt look pretty from the outside but the hotel is perfect . We stayed in a deluxe king room on the 6th floor , very quiet and no noise from the street , the room is a good size with a good bathroom with hot water always available , large comfy bed   Staff are friendly and helpful at all times , great value , having stayed in Manhattan many times this has been a great stay for far less money than we have paid before,  Fantastic mid town location   Thanks to all
bubble_50	Comfortable, quiet, clean room in great location. Historic architectural features added to the ambiance: high ceilings with decorative moldings, chandeliers, marble staircase,tastefully decorated with interesting artifacts from the garment district period.  Staff was helpful and interested in answering queries about the history of the hotel and giving advice about transportation and activities in NYC. Meals at Brendan's were a treat, seated near the huge old fireplace in a room with cathedral ceiling and beautiful stained glass wall. The restaurant staff was personable and the food was excellent.
bubble_50	Really enjoyed are stay at the Gregory.  Beautiful historic hotel. Excellent restaurants close by. Comfortable linens and mattress. Parking close by and special rate 35.00 overnite. One of my favorites in NYC.
bubble_10	Honestly... wouldnt of been that bad of a stay but a few events completely ruined it for us. 1. We left a bottle in our room as we went out for the day. We had yet to drink from the bottle as we planned to while we were getting ready for a night out. We returned to our room to see that 3/4 of the bottle was gone.... we called down to front desk and they didnt believe us and said they would ask around. Nothing was done about the situation and the front staff actually made us feel uncomfortable even asking about it. We were nervous about leaving any belongings in our room after this. 2nd we were charged a 96$ fee upon checking out for a reason they couldnt explain in depth... we originally chose this hotel cause it was a decent deal, in the end it ended up being more expensive
bubble_20	As a former New Yorker, business traveller, and frequent hotel guest - The Hotel Gregory seemed like an ideal property: stylish, small, and in an excellent location within steps to subways in all directions, and Herald Square. After i booked, I had heard from a colleague there was no way to control the heat in her particular room except with air condition. i was suspect, but still kept an open mind, intending to have a positive experience, but here's what i experienced: 1. aloof staff at the front desk, who was defensive and curt when i asked about heat 2. a room that was about 80F and when i called down, they sent an "engineer" who came in an opened the window and turned on the A/C as the solution. The fact the hotel has "vintage" heating & cooling was not disclosed on any
bubble_40	The Gregory is close to everything and very comfortable with new, comfortable beds and bedding, bathroom fixtures etc. My room also gad a mini fridge, great for leftovers or keeping some cold water on hand. It's clean, no big problems. My main issue was with the price charged for a room with a "view" which turned out to be a view of the side of the building next door. But, it's New York, what are you doing hanging around in your hotel room during the day anyway? Go outside and do things. However it gave me a less favourable first impression of the hotel. In fact I really enjoyed my stay. The folks at the front desk were incredibly helpful, and took care of my luggage on my last day so I could go exploring before my late flight home.
bubble_40	Friendly staff and service our entire stay!  Beautiful and comfortable room.  Clean and charming.  Just a half block walk to Macy's and a block walk away from the Empire State Building.  You're surrounded by shopping and great restaurants.  Easy walk to the subway and transportation is just outside the door 24/7.  Be aware of the fine print...  there is an additional non-negotiable concierge fee per night of $32.00 for WiFi, Coffee, Tea, 2 Bottle Waters and Gym use...  also includes a one item laundry service per day.  Regardless of use or not.  This should be built into their pricing...  Knowing this however would not exclude a return visit to the Gregory.  While some other reviews mention issues with the boiler system keeping the room too hot we had no problem our entire
bubble_40	Super cute decor, great location (close to subway, Broadway, Times Square, and Herald Square), very clean, friendly staff, and a nice bar adjacent. Only complaint: Room was rather warm and sometimes loud traffic on weekend.
bubble_40	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. I wanted to stay near where my business appointment was. Choices were limited. Did not want to spend $550 per night for a nearby luxury hotel but the $165 per night rate at the Gregory made me nervous as to what to expect. It was a quaint clean boutique hotel. Small but nice. Felt as if we were staying in someones home. Rooms were small but clean. Bathroom very small but we could see that from the pictures on line. Bed large and comfortable with nice bedding. Not a full service hotel though. No bellman and front desk staff was unfriendly and didnt offer to walk us to room. No room service but restaurant next store gives free coffee in morning to guests of hotel. You cannot charge anything to room though from restaurant.
bubble_20	The Pros: The staff was friendly and helpful (but failed to inform us the daily internet/water fee). It's in a great location (especially if you're going to MSG, like we did)  The Cons: There is no thermostats in the room. There is a radiator that's on and if the room's too hot for you, there's an window AC unit for you to try to cool the room down. Spoiler Alert: it doesn't. We discovered on our second day that the windows open so that's how we got the temp under control. At check out we were informed that there was a $30 a day fee for internet and the waters we drank. We got a little business card about all the extra things they provided, but it was never explained to us that these wern't included in the rate of the room.   The Neutrals: We got there at 1pm hoping for an
bubble_10	Checked in 30 Dec, room 208, the room was absolutely freezing. Maintenance were sent up to fix and put baby blankets and used dirty towels along the window sills to try to block the draughts which achieved nothing at all. The next morning we complained along with showing the staff photos of our room. We were told to have our bags packed and that we would be moved whilst we were out that day. We came back at 6pm on NYE to find we had been moved to 1208. This room was the polar opposite and was boiling boiling hot, when we phoned reception we were told to open the windows! The heating either had to be on or off for the whole hotel and was controlled by the hotel. We were also given a notice, see attached ( this is for NY day!) after a very long argumentative meeting with the
bubble_30	The Gregory has a classic and historical feel right when entering the lobby. The staff was polite. Infused water in the lobby was a sweet touch.   Elevators are a tad slow, but the hotel dates back from 1903!   Room on the eighth floor was pretty small. The bed was a full size, but comfortable with luxurious pillows. We had a lovely view of a brick wall outside our window. Bathroom amenities were semi luxe with fancy bath products, chic lighting, and marble finishes.   What I didn't like was how the doors slammed pretty loud in the hallways which woke me up a bunch.
bubble_30	Stayed here for 3 nights in January.  Good location in Manhattan.  The venue is old, but has a classic feel to it.  The beds are comfortable, which is most important. Bathroom is clean.  Probably would have given this 4 stars, however, felt that the hotel was not clear on the "tailored fee" at check in.  When I checked out, the fee had already been taken, which is $30 a day, and this is for WIFI, coffee downstairs, and water in room.   I called the manager (Natalie) to ask about this after my stay and never got a call back or email.  After the 3rd attempt (a few days later), I spoke to another manager and he was insistent that everything was explained to me clearly by reviewing "video footage with no audio".    Not the best checkout experience.  I would still recommend this
bubble_40	This has become our "go to" place in Manhattan. This small hotel is low hassle and located a half block from the Herald Square subway station, giving us access to everything. I like the comfortable feel of the lobby and rooms, and it's pretty reasonable for NYC.
bubble_20	All is just okay, location-ok, lobby-ok, adjoining restaurant-ok, the front desk staff is very aloof and mumbled frequently.  The rooms are heated with the radiators and I had to run the window unit air conditioner the entire time to keep the temperature under control.  The bathroom walls were quit stained with hand prints and such.  You do receive two bottles of water daily "complementary" but do not be surprised by the $28.00 tailor fee/per day on your bill...this was explained to me as a resort fee which covered the hotel amenities such as weight room, water etc.  hmmmm not to happy about.  The cleaning staff and maintenance walking around were the nicest. I most likely wont stay at this hotel again.  Nothing outstanding.  When I checked out at 6:35 am, of the two front desk
bubble_40	Very quaint boutique hotel in midtown. The staff are very friendly. There is an adjacent restaurant that is very convenient and the food is quite good. They give you water bottles in each room which is a nice touch.
bubble_40	I travel 50 weeks a year and like finding interesting non-chain hotels. Overall the Gregory was terrific. Nice rooms, relatively large for Midtown, nice amenities and a helpful staff. The ONLY small frustration was the heat, which was blasting, so I ran the A/C to help balance the heat (which is from a radiator that cant be adjusted in the room).
bubble_50	First off, a little disclaimer:  While I can easily say this hotel is worthy of 5 stars, do keep in mind you're in NYC.  There are constant horns and sirens outside, garbage bags on the sidewalk regularly, and all the other "hustle and bustle" of a HUGE city.  That's just life in NYC and  isn't anything against the hotel, IMO.  Now, for the Gregory - Overall, my stay was great.  Despite being an older building and space obviously being a premium, the room was great and everything worked well.  The beds, pillows and bedding are outstanding.  The room sure felt bigger than the 220 sq ft listed on the website.  The location is amazing - half a block off of world famous 5th Avenue and just a short walk to Madison Square Garden or the Empire State Building.  There are VERY convenient
bubble_30	The Gregory is in a great location. Very centrally located in the Herald Square area for walkers and transit users.   Unfortunately, I was expecting the property to be nicer and more luxurious based on the photos and property history outlined on the hotel website. The Gregory is not a boutique property: it is an average mid-range Midtown Manhattan hotel with small rooms. On the plus side, the ceilings are high which gives a slightly more spacious feeling. The rooms are very dark, and should have more lamps for guests. There is bottled water in the rooms and a cooler with water for guests by the elevator. More towels would have been nice and I did not like the bedding. The bathroom was "vintage".  The lobby was being used for a pop-up shop, so there were no public spaces to speak
bubble_20	Stayed with my husband daughter and friend in December. Was disappointed there was no entrance lobby as there was a pop up shop set up, sometimes its nice to be able to sit and wait for family or chill for a short while.  The reception who was male was extremely rude to some guests and was throwing cards down in front of him in an aggressive manner. The room was a standard size for New York and clean enough but the doors and push plates inside and around the hotel were filthy!!  Its not 100% clear when you book you need to also pay an extra room charge or local tax.  The only positive was the bar next door, free coffee for guests and the food is actually really nice.  Would never stay here again or recommend, a bit disappointed.
bubble_50	Old world with modern touches at this little gem in the heart of New York City.   The staff is super friendly and helpful, the linens are delicious and the real (non plastic) bathtub is a wonderful way to end a long day of sightseeing in the city. We also loved the restaurant/bar attached to the hotel. Enjoy a romantic dinner sitting by the fireplace at the back.  Check out the hotel website for special offers while you are planning your trip. Make sure to sign up for their email list too so you don't miss any internet deals, which they occasionally have.
bubble_40	We were a party of Three My wife and I and our 14 year old daughter.The Hotel was very centrally located although we could hear the rubbish truck collecting bottles in the middle of the night and there was always someone shouting on the street probably at the Truck .There was a mix up on the first night (more to do with the online booking company than the Hotel) and we got a room with one bed and a pull out sofa bed instead of two beds.The receptionist clearly explained the reason and rectified it immediately the next day and we were moved to a room with 2 very comfortable beds.We could find a draft in the room and this was due to the window being slightly open which once we managed  to close it that fixed the problem.(It was extremely cold in New York at Christmas 2017).What
bubble_50	This hotel was a fabulous discovery right in the heart of everything!  The architecture of this historical building is amazing, like going back in time.  But don't let that fool you - the hotel offers all modern amenities and excellent location at a reasonable cost.  Highly recommended for comfortable beds with luxurious linens, refrigerator in room, Wi-Fi, and exceptionally attentive service.
bubble_40	We stayed for 6 nights over the New Year period and found the location of the hotel flawless! We caught only one taxi downtown, other than that, it really is within walking distance of absolutely everything you could possibly want to do and see in New York.   The cleanliness of the hotel was fantastic. Everything clean and tidy. Staff were really friendly, helpful and attentive. The restaurant attached, Brendans serve really lovely breakfast and just as good dinner.   Unfortunately we did stumble across 2 problems. We were there when the weather was at its coldest and although the radiator works and is hot most of the time, it didnt really heat the room at all and the fact that the draft coming through the window was so intense, we found ourselves wrapped up in the warmest
bubble_30	I sent four emails and made five telephone calls to question the availability of a roll away bed.  The emails were not answered. Three telephone calls were not answered.  The fourth call was met with the promise of a return call, not received. The fifth received recasting news that the hotel did not have rollaway beds - despite Booking.Com stating rollaway beds were subject to availability Our booking was for a Double Double four five people. The hotel said the booking of three adults (19) and two children (17 & 10) allowed for three in one double bed !  On my stating how completely unacceptable a 17 year old boy sharing with19 year old sister and 10 year old sister, I was told the only solution was an additional room. NO OFFER OF AN INVESTIGATION into why such a ridiculous
bubble_30	Great location, good size room (2 people living in it in winter for almost 10 days) and nicely renovated. But very basic services and facilities We enjoyed staying there over the Christmas period, and had a great time in New York. But the hotel was really just a base to use the room.
bubble_30	We were four people staying for one week. Perfect location in a nice old building that was very nicely refurbished. Good sized room, but a tiny, although nicely cleaned bathroom. Carpeted floors that was poorly vacuumed. The floors in our room wasn't vacuumed at all during the week we stayed there. The sheets in our room were not changed until we had asked for it twice - after five days. Apart from not great housekeeping, we consider it a nice stay.
bubble_50	This was a 40th birthday surprise in New York, booked for me by my partner, weve never been beforehand we loved everything about it, the hotel was in  a great location, the rooms was spacious & clean, very well kept. The decor was beautiful.
bubble_40	We've stayed in the Gregory for 5 nights, the first night our room was overbooked so they gave us two rooms, second night our room was ready but the heating wasn't working. They gave us an additional electric heating and a great discount for the inconveniences, making it a good experience after all.
bubble_30	Stayed there a couple of nights. The style of the hotel is quite unique from the early 20th century. Breakfast is taken in the pub close buy. There is no buffet and it is all a la carte breakfast. Not as fun for kids as a buffet. All personnel was great and location as well.
bubble_40	From the tasteful minimal palette, carefully laid antique style mosaic tiles, to the modern curation and display of objects and art, the Gregory is a beautifully designed oasis in the heart of Midtown. New York chic meets U.K. grandeur in this cozy hotel nestled in the Empire State Buildings shadow. Many NYC landmarks are within arms reach, as well as a litany of excellent restaurants. A personal favorite detail (of which there are many) is the fresh carafe of fruit infused water awaiting those coming and going in the lobby. A friendly reception, comfy bed, and good old fashioned reliability make this an excellent resting place for any weary traveler.
bubble_50	I stayed here with my mother for a pre-holiday NYC getaway just for 2 nights. It's in a great location near Penn Station & Herald Square along with multiple subway stops. The building itself is very charming with lots of classic touches like the spiral staircase near the elevators & antique mailboxes. The room was cozy but not cramped even with 2 beds. The bathroom was spacious as well. We were both able to sleep & shower comfortably during our stay without issue. The staff was friendly & welcoming. Would definitely stay here again!
bubble_50	We travelled December 1st to the 8th 2017, we arrived very early due to our flights but they were very accomadating storing our suitcases securely and making sure we had wash room facilities available to us until our room was ready, even giving us a discount card for Macys if we wanted to shop. The doorman was very helpful and welcoming. Our room was at the rear of the hotel which was ideal due to the road.  The hotel, is actually right under the Empire State building so depending which side of the hotel you are on you may actually have a view of the building from the room window. There are 2 elevators in the hotel which is helpful so you don't have to wait to long to use them. Our room was delightful. Very clean, with a lovely walk in cupboard for our clothes and a good place
bubble_20	The location of the hotel is just a 5 minute walk to Herald Square where all the activities are. That is the only positive about Gregory.  The major negative about this hotel is there is no heater in the bathroom. There is also no boiler/electric kettle to boil your own water. A big problem  especially during winter.   The lighting in the room is also lacking .  Ill avoid this hotel if travelling during winter.
bubble_40	Our stay at The Gregory was wonderful.  The staff were very attentive.  The rooms are small, but very up to date and comfortable for 2 people.  The location is very central - 5 minute walk to Macy's, 2 minutes to the subway.  I really liked the central location, we had a couple of issues with the bathtub but the staff were very quick to resolve.
bubble_40	The Gregory is the perfect property for a visit to NYC.  Ideally located just one block from Macy's and near the Empire State Building, I used this as my base for my first-ever Christmas visit to the Big Apple.  Easy convenience to subways and shopping.  Clean, cozy and updated property with friendly, helpful staff and surprisingly affordable.  I hope to use this property for future visits to NYC.
bubble_40	great location. classy. the service was fantastic! Room was clean... just alittle noisy at night. would recommend to friends! the room was warm but very spacious. We will go back again for sure! Thank you!
bubble_40	The room was nice. Couldve been a little cleaner.  Overall it was decent and perfect location! Everything is walking distance and subway station on the same block. Restaurant connected to the hotel....
bubble_50	The staff was kind and so helpful!  The Gregory Hotel is clean and nicely decorated.  A great boutique hotel!  Good location and easy to get around in the December bustle in the city.  We had a wonderful stay!  Thank you!
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay at The Gregory. If you read the reviews and have the right expectations, youll love it too. The $30 per day resort fee is not well publicized (it should be), but we read about it in reviews and knew to expect it when we checked out. That said, take advantage of the amenities it supposedly pays for...drink the bottled water, have a shirt laundered, and use the WiFi.   That aside, we had a great experience. We stayed in room 1105, which was a king + sofa bed, corner room with a view of the Empire State Building. The room was spacious. The bathroom was manageable. More than we expected for a NYC hotel. The room was comfortable for me, my wife, and our 16 month old (the hotel provided a Pack-n-Play). Street noise is an issue if youre a light sleeper, but
bubble_40	can walk to all major midtown sights - clean rooms - comfortable beds - friendly staff - best value on Booking.com at the time!   Good restaurants nearby - great shopping - steps from Macy's - it's like a best kept secret - no restaurant in the hotel but no problem really.
bubble_30	Great location, comfortable mattress however i give it a 3 star because the temperature was so hot in the room it could melt you. We ended up using the air conditioner in the room the whole 3 days we were there and that worked out okay. My friend slept on the sofa bed which was a nightmare. very thin mattress. Washroom felt old. The location was great, the mattress of the bed was great! and also i really appreciated the mini fridge in the room. I was able to store my water bottles and other snacks. I really liked my stay here. I would have scored this a 4.5 had the sofa bed been decent and the temperature not so warm.
bubble_50	Friend and I were visiting NYC for a couple of days, and we wanted to try and stay in Manhattan.  We kept checking prices because they can be super expensive in the city, but we found a pretty good deal at the Gregory.  It was a great find!  It's a smaller hotel, so you don't have to worry about a large crowd of people.  Loved the room and dcor, especially the bathroom.  Beds were amazing and slept perfectly.  We had a room that looked to an alley, so we didn't have any noise at night.  We had a room with double beds, so it probably was a little larger.  But, we had plenty of room.  All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.    The bathrooms have dispensers with soap, shampoo, lotion, etc.  However, they hadn't refilled/replaced them when preparing the room.  On
bubble_50	this is a nice hotel, conveniently located. The room i had was not large but was very functional.To get a view of the city,plan on being out and about. It has a boutique and two restaurants on the ground floor Elevators are fairly diminutive.  .
bubble_40	This hotel is beautiful, and the staff was amazing!  I enjoyed the location, with easy walking distance to shopping, restaurants & bars.  Has lots of charm & character in the mid-town area of NYC.  I would highly recommend this property.
bubble_30	the hotel itself was very nice, great location, clean, convenient, good size bedroom.  Although I was a little surprised and annoyed that when I arrived at the hotel the 'liquor cabinet' which was one of the reasons I chose the hotel was closed. I believe we should have been notified of the closure of this attraction.  Also I believe the information on the taxes and extra charges the hotel added on should have been explained more clearly. This bumped up the price of the hotel by $350.
bubble_50	Quick girls trip to nyc with my two little girls, Mom and sister - staff was accommodating, friendly, helpful and on point!  Clean, friendly, classy and fun - excellent customer service...quick walk to Macys, close to everything with parking garage conveniently located right across the street.  Would absolutely stay here again!!!
bubble_50	HOTEL LOCATION: Very well located walking distance from Macys, Empire State, Pen Station and Door steps from subway station. Room: Clean, well maintained and reasonable space for NYC standard. Bath room: Spacious, clean and well maintained. Good shower. PEOPLE: Very nice and always ready to help you.
bubble_30	Pros: I like hotels with some character even if they are older or dated. Bed was comfortable and TV/wifi worked well.   Cons: no individual thermostat for heat in room, lobby is a bit crowded as they utilize space for pop ups, the additional required resort fee  Our heating unit was not working initially but the repairman fixed it quickly. Room went from very cold to a bit too warm. Would have an easier time in the summer as there are individual window AC units. The resort fee is (I guess) a way to charge more for the rooms and get the price lower on websites. Not cool. Would have given 4 stars otherwise as the staff is very nice and location is great.
bubble_50	My daughter and I went to the Gregory for a lovely short break in NYC, we couldn't have chosen a better situated hotel. We arrived on Saturday evening after a long day of traveling, the receptionist was so lovely and when he smiled his whole face lit up and the journey to NYC didn't seem so bad. The room 412 was at the back of the hotel so no view, but the room was spotless and the bed huge, so a perfect end to the day. We ate in the hotel (not every day) and food was spot on at both breakfast and dinner the food was very reasonably priced compared to other places we found to eat in. Can't recommend this hotel enough, and staff made it all the more enjoyable
bubble_50	Great location. We walked to all the main attractions. Subway close by as well. Staff very friendly. Nice and clean hotel. Nice bar and restaurant attached. Would definitely stay again. I booked direct on the hotel website.
bubble_50	I stay here 4 or 5 times a year and the staff is fantastic. Rooms are very spacious for nyc and feels very intimate when comparing to the bigger hotels in NYC. Macy's is a football field away and the walk to time square is less than 10 min.
bubble_40	Very good located, the beds are excellent, the size of the rooms good. The rooms do not have anti noise walls, there is a lot of noise from the guests in the corridor.. The staf is very good, we asked to swich to a quieter room and we were promptly met!
bubble_20	The hotel photos showed a beautiful lobby lounge with a cocktail bar where a nightly happy hour takes place. It was even touted in the confirmation email we received. Upon arrival, we discovered that the entire lobby/lounge area was turned into a Holiday Pop-Up shop for plus sized women. There was no place to sit for coffee in the morning (which was supposd to be served), drinks at night or just to read a paper. Clothing was hanging everywhere and folks were wandering in and out from the street. It did not have the atmosphere that we were looking for, as described in the website. We asked the person who checked us in what happened to the lounge/bar and he said there was never a bar in the lounge. Later on, the doorman told us that the hotel had rented out the lobby to make
bubble_30	The Gregory is in a fantastic location and on the face of it is a very nice hotel. You are steps from the subway and there are lots of restaurants and bars within walking distance too. We stayed over Thanksgiving week in a tailored king room. The room itself was larger than I expected, ample space for a couple. The bathroom however, was on the small side. I am very petite but struggled to be able to move around to dry my hair in front of the mirror over the sink.   We stayed on 11th floor but could still clearly hear all the street noise as though we were stood outside, so this is not a hotel for light sleepers. The Wednesday before Thanksgiving we were kept awake past 1.30am by a brass band playing somewhere near by, I assume they were something to do with the Parade
bubble_40	we spent 1 week and felt like home the first day. 3 generation loved the place. great vue from the window, easy to reach from manhattan and convienently placed next to a shopping mall and a grocery shop. the day concierge was super nice and very helpfull! would definitely stay there again next time.
bubble_40	Me and my daughter had a nice time at The Gregory.  The room was very nice and clean. The staff very friendly and helpful.  Free Wifi in the room and free tea/coffee every morning at the bar. The central location makes it easy to visit the main attractions and it is close to the shopping district.
bubble_40	The room is clean, staff are pleasants and very helpful. Its a little loud outside, normal city noise but tolerable. Overall great hotel to stay, close to time square, Korean town  and shopping area. Accessible to train station, walking distance to Penn station. I r commend this hotel if you are visited ng New York.
bubble_50	Our room was clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. The location is perfect for walking around Midtown or hopping on the subway. The lighting in the room was minimal and was a little too dark for my taste, but we did enjoy our stay and would recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	The Gregory Hotel is extremely well situated allowing easy access to Times Square and The Empire State building. The rooms are well appointed, very clean and comfortable. The Hotel staff are very friendly and obliging. Overall a very pleasant stay.
bubble_40	The hotel is conveniently located just a few blocks from Penn Station & Madison Square Garden. The room was small but adequate and clean and nicely appointed with soaps, shampoo, hair dryer and free bottles of water. The room was dark with only a bedside and corner lamp so not a good place to work but fine for sleeping or watching television. Also our window looked out at a brick wall, so no light entered that way either. The lobby has a lovely atmosphere and all in all it was a great hotel. Id definitely stay there again and recommend it to friends!
bubble_20	Stayed here in late September 2017.  Booked and paid "in full" in advance from Australia.  My fault, but I hadn't noticed that there would still be an additional nightly fee to cover all the "free" stuff.  US$28 a night, plus taxes, making US$30.50 in total.  A nasty shock to find that on the credit card bill after the event.  Quite a nice hotel, but only just about worth what I thought I was paying, so we will not be back.
bubble_50	The first room I was given was the standard queen I had booked.  There was an issue with the radiator and window so they moved me immediately.  This room was larger and nicer than most hotel rooms I have had in NYC and easily big enough for a couple to be comfortable in for several days.  It was larger and nice than most king rooms I have had in NYC and very well appointed.  They moved me to a king room which was just as nice but larger.  The bathrooms are very nice, the blackout shades worked very well.  The room was clean and very comfortable.  The staff was great from the desk, bellhop and maintenance person who came to my first room. There is a "resort fee" but even with this added onto the room, the hotel had more value than the majority of places I have stayed at in NYC.
bubble_30	The room was pretty small. When it was raining at night it was very noisy on the top floor. No heating in the room. The location is excellent. People were very friendly. Would have preferred a bufffet breakfast.
bubble_30	These sort of older hotels are a little pot luck in New York. There is not much you can do about two slow and aging lifts in a building like this. The rooms were kept clean, staff were friendly and the adjoining bar was excellent. The website and the location lead you to expect something a little more upmarket than the reality - but the staff do a superb job to paper over the cracks of an aging building and they deserve a big credit. A very fast and free Wifi plus a free 1 shirt laundry service each day and all clever features to do what they can. Id give it 4 stars if it wasnt for the room price but to be fair I guess that is New York in November for you. If you are using it for a quick business trip or a base for sightseeing where you will be out and about a lot then Id
bubble_50	Great location, GREAT STAFF--extremely kind, knowledgeable, helpful.  Have been staying here for past 15 years (Formerly Comfort Inn) average 9 days per year and so happy we  did and will continue to so.  Am speaking for family of 21 members ages 6 to 82yrs.  Thank you The Gregory!   Olivia
bubble_50	The lobby and they room were very nicely decorated. The lobby is kind of a gallery with artwork for purchase. I found the room to be a good size, especially for having 2 beds and it being a room in NC. The bathroom was a good size and also nicely updated. Loved the location, very close to subway stops and around the corner from Herald Square. Nice place to stay if you ware going to a show and don't want to be in Time Square.
bubble_50	Very clean room, small but cosy, the bathroom has everything you need. Windows are small and we cannot see around but is quiet silent. The receptionists were very nice and we were received with a gift since we were celebrating our anniversary. Would definitely come back. This place is near everything you must need and see.
bubble_30	First impressions when arriving at hotel are good.  Its a boutique hotel in the garment district and this is reflected in the dcor - which is a combination of black, grey and white. Relaxed reception and welcoming.  The room we had was TINY, also there were no coffee/tea making facilities and no fridge.  Apart from the bed there was nowhere to sit.  We arrived around midnight and couldn't see out of our window - the next morning revealed the side of another building, I can live with that (it's New York) BUT we had an industrial air conditioning unit outside our window which switched on and off ALL night and if we had our air con on sucked in the fumes, surely a health issue, I don't think it's too much to ask for a good nights sleep?  The hotel was close to The Empire State and
bubble_30	Located in the shadow of the Empire State Building, this is a wonderfully located hotel, perfect for visiting all of NYCs major attractions. The accompanying noise, however, from delivery trucks was a bit of a downside.
bubble_20	The Gregory has a lot going for it; the location is fabulous and the beds are incredibly comfortable. Unfortunately, it isn't as advertised as the bar is closed and overall the experience is very basic. Desk staff were slow  (and not in a leisurely way - just slow) and the room lacked the details one expects from a higher-end hotel such as a mirror above the desk for getting ready to go out. My gripe is that the hotel seems to promise far more than it is able to deliver. We were in New York for 5 nights and this was our "treat" night - we were disappointed.
bubble_50	I chose this hotel for our trip and I wasn't disappointed. So full of character and centrally placed. Ok, the rooms are small, but they are perfectly formed - what do you expect from an antique, city centre hotel?  This hotel had an adjoining door to the restaurant next door - perfect. Open for breakfast too - ideal. We loved ever thing about our stay here and would absolutely recommend.
bubble_40	Having read some mediocre reviews, I was somewhat skeptical of the hotel given the great rate I got. From start to finish, everything was a pleasant surprise. The location is fantastic, the lobby fun and charming, the hotel layout itself quirky but enjoyable, and the room eclectic, comfortable and clean. I was traveling alone on business, so the size of the room was not a problem. The bathroom  was a touch small, so trying to have two people would not work.
bubble_30	I found the hotel to be a little creepy, generally. Like a place vampires might stay. I guess it was just a darkly decorated, small hotel though, so maybe just not my style. I would have given it a 'very good' rating, because it was clean and generally updated, but a couple drawbacks: 1. My tub floor moved around. And my co-worker had the same experience in her room. It was like the interior of the tub floor wasn't connected to the studs or something. It was like balancing on a kids toy that kept moving under your feet. So odd and I felt like I was going to fall threw the floor, so didn't wash my hair and got out asap. The front desk staff couldn't have cared less this was my experience. Just was like, mmmhmmm, want it to go on your amex? Not even an apology and a "we'll have
bubble_50	Lovely clean hotel . Very central for everything.  50yrds from subway. Staff where very helpful. Looks onto empire state building. Pub next door Brendans is great bar and staff fantastic. 150 yrds from Macys and Herald square.
bubble_40	We got there by mistake, as compensation of another hotel but I was pleased. We stayed at the hotel for four nights, love the style the room was pretty but not so big and the stuff was very nice. The room is not very bright but if it bother you can open the curtains for more light. Great location to stay in if you want to experience the city.  The price does not justify for the room size and the fact that it does not include breakfast. Their is an option to eat breakfast in a restaurant that can be reached through the hotel but the price not worth it especially not the taste!  It was nice that they brought tickets for a alcoholic drink in the restaurant. Another thing that bothered us was that they said it was possible to leave laundry but they did not mention that you could
bubble_50	The rebirth of an old hotel twice. My old hotel of the Comfort Inn was originally the Gregory hotel for many years, change to Comfort Inn ( how I knew it) and now thanks to the new owners, have taken it back to its former state and name of the Gregory. Same friendly staff i knew over a period of 14 years at the Comfort will greet you and look after you. A great place to stay around midtown, bright, clean and new. Give this hotel a go as i have done over so many years. Michelle in bookings is ready to book your rooms!
bubble_20	I tried to love this hotel.  I really did.  It has a lot of potential with a good location and a historic feel.  Unfortunately, it falls well short of its potential, and your probably better off booking at the Hilton Garden Inn across the street if location is that important.  To start, the rooms are very small and laid out in a non-sensical manner.  Especially bad are the bathrooms which are so small that simple acts such as sitting on the toilet, showing, or drying off require tremendous agility.  The toilets are placed in such a manner that you are squeezed in such tight quarters that it makes the restrooms on a commuter plane seem luxuriously large.  Add to that the fact that the fixtures are dated, poorly made, and dirty and it is an unpleasant experience.  The other issue
bubble_10	I stayed in the Gregory for two nights on 28th and 29th of September, it is perhaps the worst hotel and the least value for money in NYC. They have hidden costs of over usd 25 per night calling it tailor charges , for the free water, possibly to use gym and for the free coffee in the lobby The rooms are terrible and dark, the staff unfriendly , it is extremely over priced , it does not even have its own breakfast room The photos they have on the net are deceptive. I will never stay here and I don't suggest you to.
bubble_40	This boutique hotel harks back to another age with small but comfortable rooms. The staff is outstanding but management is making a glaring marketing mistake: They offer a ticket for complimentary wine but it's one ticket PER ROOM per day, even if there are two people. This foolish policy leaves an unnecessarily negative impression.
bubble_40	Located on 35th near 6th Avenue the |Gregory is a beautiful boutique hotel in a great central location.  Less than 50 metres to Macey's.  The staff were very friendly and the room a king room and the size was very good considering New York Hotels.  It has a great restaurant attached called the Brendan and a wine bar on the other side.  The Brendan has very good food and is nice and quiet (no sport TV's in the restaurant but they are in the front bar) and offers breakfast from the Hotel. The wine bar is called the liquor cabinet and is accessed via the hotel lobby.  Nice and intimate and the hotel give you free drink tickets which is a nice touch.  Have a few drinks and snacks and it was very nice. The room was a little hot and the air conditioner worked well but was noisey. The
bubble_30	The Gregory is a very average hotel in a conveinent location. Housed in the old 1903 Gregorian hotel site, the hotel rooms are very small and some have very odd configurations. We were initially given a room where the toilet virtually touched the bath/shower, until I asked for a different room.  The cleaniness of the rooms is certainly not 4 star and definitely needs attention. We had to leave a note requesting additional products and during our 6 night stay you could not see that our bathroom had been cleaned at all, except for the clean linen. The disinterested and unhelpful staff really let this hotel down. It is a challenge to even get a hello out of the front desk staff let alone any assistance. And of course there is the outrageous service fee ... which we knew about but
bubble_30	The Gregory is conveniently located near Penn Station and the Subway. It is also close to shopping and is fine for walking around, too.  The rooms are a decent size for New York and the people nice enough, if not that friendly, given that the hotel isn't that large.  There is a bar/restaurant next door which serves as their dining option but I didn't use it other than to get coffee as there are many other options close by.  One missing item in the room is a hairdryer!! And my room had a strange bouncy surface to the bath, odd when you are in the shower.
bubble_40	It's very well located for lots of the main New York sites. Clean , comfortable and well equipped rooms , just rather noisy at night as there is quite a lot of noise from the street , particularly on the Saturday night.
bubble_50	We are spent 4 days in New York.The Gregory is convienent walking distance to all plays and time square..About a 15 minute walk.Convenient to subway.We did the prepay option which made it more affordable.Desk staff extremely helpful with getting around the city and recommendations on places to eat.
bubble_30	Great Location and most of the staff are very friendly. Lovely flavoured water in lobby. Rooms are  small and we had continual problems with accessing our room with card swiper. First room we were allocated had a weird bathroom set up with the toilet directly beside shower with no room for legs. Housekeeping attended room daily but needed to leave written requests for additional tissues and toilet paper as it didn't seem to be a part of their routine. Bathtub not cleaned at all and often towels not replaced. Room clean and well presented furniture and a great bed but ageing building, not able to open windows for fresh air and air con noisy. Service fee on check out and drink tickets for bar are for  a set menu which is not very appealing. Nice and basic hotel but just not what I
bubble_10	A very unprofessional hotel . Empty mini bar ; they do not fill it . Windows dont stay open .Closet with no hangers. Asked for a bath robe they said they were out of robes and that i have to wait for the next day . And the worst part is that they processed the payment from the credit card that is supposed to only serve as a guarantee without my authorization
bubble_40	Stayed here for 2 nights with a group of girls for a bachelorette party and had a wonderful time - the staff was so helpful and wonderful. The rooms were clean, although small, but we made it work and had a great time! The elevators are also a bit small and slow, but that was really the only true complaint we had. Great location!
bubble_20	Traveling from Asia, my family and I forgot to add an extra day while booking the hotel - which led us to book the hotel a day earlier. We tried contacting the hotel multiple times and got no reply! When we finally get a reply, they said they cannot do anything about it and we have to pay for the room nonetheless. Bare in mind, we called them immediately after finding out our mistake. When asked how much the room was going to cost, if we chose to extend it by one more night, they quoted a price that was double the amount of the original and their excuse was "Fully booked". Might I add, there was still availability on the day we arrived.   We ended up having to change hotel for one night, which was very troublesome, but definitely worth it. The customer service was incredible at
bubble_20	I spent three nights at the Gregory earlier this week in a queen room.  Positives: convenient location, rooms are spacious, bed was comfortable and everything was clean.  Negatives: very loud - I could hear doors opening and closing all night, air conditioning was one of those units that hangs out of the window and was really loud on/off all night, the elevator was unbelievably slow (average wait of at least a few minutes), they don't change your sheets during your stay (only make the bed) and hotel staff (especially front desk) I found rude/indifferent. If this hotel was priced about 50% lower it would be good value for money.  But what really got me was the "fixed service charge" of $28 / night.  I should have read the TripAdvisor reviews before booking this, so I guess my
bubble_20	When I made the booked I requested a babys cot, but when we got to the hotel they said they would have to see what they could do as they only a one cot & it was only a request I made. In the mean time they gave us a room which was a double bed and no room for a cot. We went back to reception & they moved us to a bigger room. We ended up with the baby sleeping with us. And when we checked out there was a charge for coffee & tea wish we never used when we were there. Be warier of their hidden costs as this cost me 65.00 for nothing.
bubble_20	Stayed there last week with family after booking and pre-paying for stay before I arrived to get a good rate.  On checking out I was told 'all ok'.  Get home to find my credit card has been debited with charges.  (I understand re City taxes) but on querying it, bearing in mind I was not asked to sign or check anything on departure I am told it was for Wi-Fi, tea, coffee, water.  Room information clearly states, water is complimentary (two small bottles per day) I did not order more.  Tea/coffee promoted in bar in mornings for guests as free.  Room info says you get a free cup - this is not true.   Wi-Fi stated as free in room information and on hotel booking websites.  So what is going on with this place!!  Totally unimpressed and would never use again.
bubble_50	I was lucky enough to have a representative from Booking.com find this gem of a hotel for myself and family.  I had originally booked a VRBO short term rental in the Lower East Side for 7 nights.  It had a coackroach problem that after 3 nights i could not handle any longer.  I was desperate to find a hotel under $300 a night with a room with double queen beds, which seems almost impossible to find let alone find one the same day.  Well, The Gregory happened to have had one available for the remaining 4 nights.  It was during August and between the heat and the traffic and coackroaches I was at my limit.  We walked into the Gregory at 11:45am after a stressful morning leaving our short term rental and I was handed our room key.  I couldn't believe it considering i had just
bubble_40	Stayed at The Gregory for a week in the heart of Manhattan. I wanted to be near everything touristic as my wife and I haven't seen it all. The hotel was perfect. The room small and snug and the bathroom was extremely small than what we are used to however the beds, views and clean rooms were worth it. Would stay here again. We were also close enough to Central Park to meet up with our friends who recently moved to Brooklyn from Manhattan. Great stay.
bubble_40	I travel to NYC a ton and am always looking for hidden gems. This hotel has very good reviews and for the most part, lived up to its billing. The room was small but comfortable. The room had in window AC which is not the most effective and a bit noisy. The bathroom was OK with little shelf space. The price I found made it well worth it and I would return to this property.
bubble_50	I loved my stay at the Gregory. I spent quite a while choosing a hotel for my girlfriend and I's holiday. I have visited New York a few times before and last time we came, we chose an uptown Air B'n'B. Although that was great, I much preferred staying here. The location could not be better. So much is just a block or two's walk away and anything further is serviced by the underground station which is literally a minute's walk from the hotel.  The hotel is very tastefully decorated and the staff and service were both great. Really friendly at all times and the room was thoroughly cleaned every night.  We stayed in a King room which had a huge, comfortable bed. We didn't have views of the Empire State Building but this was no big deal. I have seen some people mention the small
bubble_40	Typical drawbacks of a hotel built in 1903 with small rooms and baths and small, slow elevators.   However, it is very clean and well maintained and the staff was extremely nice, friendly and helpful.    We became friends with Toro and he helped with restaurant reservations, tips on riding the subway and places to go and things to do.   All of the staff was extremely nice and helpful.   There was a $28 daily fee for basically nothing.  It would be to their advantage to either enhance what you get for the fee or do away with it and embed it in the room rate.    They even acknowledge they get a lot of complaints about it.   There was street noise but it is NYC midtown Manhattan not the suburbs.    Was never an issue during our 6 night stay.    Our plan was to be out and about
bubble_30	Decor was nice, location was close to tram.  However Room was small and was noisy at nite with garbage collection trucks humming through the nite downstairs.  The sound proofing of room needs improvement.  Also Why is there a service fee imposed and this was as a small fine print. Gives a bad taste.  The corridor was extremely narrow. There was no kettle nor coffee making facilities.   Our safe box kept breaking down.
bubble_30	Nice hotel in a convenient area to Penn Station.  Although I had a Spinal Tap moment trying to find my room. Up a hall, through some doors, around the corner, through two more doors down the end of the hall. Phew!   Very neat room with a great comfortable King bed. TV was crooked in the wall. That was weird.  On checkout the disheveled bloke at reception who clearly could care less or hated his job demanded I pay their special $28 service fee. I told him I'd already paid for my room.  Arrogance or just nervous, I'm not sure but he clearly didn't enjoy going through this with people Daily upon checkout. Anyway, I refused to pay as I thought was a disgrace and I'd not been told about it checking in.  Do not pay this as it is not mentioned when booking this hotel and is just not
bubble_30	Love the decor, old but new, nice staff, but The cleaning staff are very noise slamming doors throughout the day, the windows provide blackout curtains that cover almost all the window(ugh) and you can hear all nyc street volume! Good location , decent price. Would book again if I got a deal!
bubble_50	This is a well managed small hotel with a lot of charm, from the themed garment district lobby to the helpful and friendly staff (Milady and Toro are great). The location is superb, I walked from Penn Station, it was central to my business meeting, and Toro made an excellent recommendation for dinner, Royal 35, just down the block. Had lunch in their Restaurant, Brendan's, and Andrew took great care of me. Housekeeping is impeccable and there's a wonderful view of the Empire State Building from my window. Hats off to StepStone!
bubble_40	Stayed here for a long weekend in July. We had an event to attend in Midtown, and booked this hotel last minute mainly because of location and a deal they were running. The location on W. 35th is located on a relatively quiet stretch of the street between 5th and 6th.     There is a restaurant right next door, and a Starbucks on 6th if you must. No coffee maker in the room. Not a big deal. Coffee everywhere in NYC including downstairs.   The building was built in 1905 and renovated in 2015. It's quite charming and incorporates the contemporary with the historic nicely. The lobby was richly dark, charming and although of a good size, cozy. The details throughout, like the marble staircase, give you a glimpse into the building of the past. The do not disturb necktie is a nice call
bubble_30	Seriously, I travel a lot!  This is the worst room I have ever been in IN all my travels!  There is just too much wrong to explain! BUT in this room your foot is in the tub when sitting on the toilet!  A cruise ship bathroom makes THIS bathroom look big!  Awful and I believe that if you book through expedia you get a bad room!  Buyer Beware!
bubble_40	Very friendly and helpful staff. The room is well furnished, ok size for new york standards. One of the towels in the bathroom was shabby but other than that all was good. It is off Herald square so in the heart of the shopping district, there is a subway station 2 min away on the corner and times square is 7 min away or so. Would stay there again
bubble_40	We stayed for 6 days. The rooms were lovely and kept clean throughout our stay.   The team in the hotel were a mixed bag, some nice and others less engaging. Still all relatively professional.  All in all a good stay, with only one major complaint. We had to pay a mandatory service charge. It was very unclear of what this covered, and to be honest it looked like an extra cost that they want to keep away from the online travel agents. It included laundry service for two free shirts (15 - actually only used this to get something back from the fee), use of a computer in reception (redundant with wifi), a small cup of coffee or tea each morning (not coffee/tea facilities in the room) and drink vouchers for the bar (house wine and beer, so very limited, and only one per one person
bubble_50	It was a beautiful hotel and most probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Service was superb. The refreshing water served in the lobby instilled with pieces of fruit on a hot day was most welcoming.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at The Gregory on a recent vacation to New York City and we couldn't be more pleased with our stay. The desk staff was very friendly and helpful, as well as the gentleman working the front door. The room was small (the hotel was built in 1903, what do you expect?) but very clean and we had a great view of 35th Street.   The location is prime and you can quickly walk up to Time Square or down to the Empire State Building, also Bryant Park is just up the street and it's beautiful. There is also a subway entrance at the end of the block, and it's easy to get a taxi.  There is a great Irish pub across the street called The Playwright which I highly recommend.   Next time I'm in New York City I will definitely stay at The Gregory again.
bubble_20	If you need a mid-town position it could be great. Overall its position is it biggest advantage and a front desk staff is really helpful which is essential when you come as a tourist. Problem is a room. It is small, bathroom too, there are some door separating lift area and rooms , so you hear them every single time someone exit the lift, AC is noisy, window built in machine, so either your sleep would be disturbed by AC or by heat in hot summer. Would not go there again.
bubble_50	I was traveling with my daughter, so two beds was a must. We booked a room with two full sized beds. Staff was very cordial and professional at every turn. Booking included a free beer or wine each day; daily laundry of one garment per person was offered (we did not use). Sixth floor room was comfortable and quiet if dimly lit even with all lights on (especially when darkening shade was pulled). Housekeeping obeyed Do Not Disturb sign all four days. Clean bathroom, nice shower, plenty of hot water. This stretch of 35th is t much to look at, but we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go (as far as Central Park, the nearby Madison Square Garden and also the East River for fireworks). I consider The Gregory to have been a value and would certainly consider returning.
bubble_10	Worst experience ever in USA.  Room was dark and small. Booked two double bed room, had to climb over bed to get to one side, no space to walk around.  Window looked onto a brick wall.  Noisy fan outside window went on all night long, sounded like aircon, so even though it was turned off I unplugged it, still no relief!  Bought earplugs and that sorted it.  Booked via Booking.com and was charged $28 per day for the privilege !  Apparently it says so when you book, according to the reception staff, I never noticed this anywhere.  On the plus side the location was very good.  No tea coffee making facilities, you can go down between 7-11am for coffee from the bar adjoined, hard luck if you want a drink in the evening though.
bubble_50	This is a great hotel in a fabulous location in Manhattan. Close to Broadway theater, shopping, restaurants. Clean, quiet, well appointed and charming place to stay. Staff were friendly and very helpful, especially in rebooking our room after a long flight delay.
bubble_30	The Gregory hotel is promising when you book it : well located,"inspired by the work of the world's greatest fashion designers", the bar is a named a "Liquor Cabinet" and the hotel embodies the craftsmanship of the Garment District. The reception looks actually great and the concept sounds good. If the room is clean and comfortable, it's a little bit old-fashioned and in some extent ordinary. There is no breakfast service and you have to pay a compulsory $28 "Tailored Fee" for the use of wifi, Gym (including a voucher for a drink but the Liquer Cabinet is closed at 10.30pm). If the hospitality was good when I have arrived, it was very different when I left and asked an invoive in the name of my company...Servicing varies like the colors of the books on the big shelve at the
bubble_40	The location is excellent for sightseeing, shopping and exploring the city. The staff is super friendly and very helpful. The room was surprisingly spacious. The bathroom tiny but clean. Definitely a great choice for a NYC stay, I would come back.
bubble_40	This hotel is really central and roughly 5 minutes walk to Times Square. Staff are generally welcoming and friendly but we spent most of our time outside the hotel. On the first night when we returned to our room there was a major leak coming from our ceiling. They moved us to another room without hesitation straight away. So that was nice to see how professionally the situation was handled. The building is your typical old New York style building where rooms aren't really that big. They have put a bit of style into this place so it looks a lot better. I don't really have any issues with this hotel but I settled with the 4 star in comparison to other hotels I have stayed in.
bubble_20	Lovely people on front desk but; - room carpet filthy - needs a wash - I wore white socks/slippers while in room and they were gross after 5 nights - never had this in Hotel before (room 607) they gave us money off when I mentioned - but I'd rather it was clean - air-conditioner VERY LOUD - hallway doors VERY LOUD - rooms with 2 double beds - face brick wall about 15' away from dirty window.  Thank goodness we didn't spend time in hotel - makeup on bed sheets NOT MINE !!!  - lumpy pillows - taxes added each day USD 74.81 in addition to room charge - including 20$ for 'tailored fee' ???? - charge USD10 for booking airport taxi  Result - very expensive for unclean noisy room with no view !  Good points  good location if you want to be midtown.   Nice front of house. comfortable bed
bubble_40	We went here for New Years for 8 nights. I emailed the hotel prior to going and asked for a room high up so we could take in the view (if any) and was delighted - they gave us a room facing the Empire State Building! We were overjoyed. The staff are welcoming, will offer help to get about - there is a Starbucks round the corner, bagel stalls, Macy's, Maddison Square Garden 10 min walk to the left, Times Square 10 min to the right. And after all the walking and sightseeing we did it was wonderful to come back to our room that was cleaned every day with the most comfortable bed we have slept in! Tips;The subway is so cheap! If you want to see the Statue of Liberty - jump on the Statten Island Ferry for free - better than paying a fortune! Also, the train from JFK was only $5 into
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed in this hotel with our friends in a quad room which was nice and spacious for all four of us. The beds were comfy and large enough. Bathroom was nice and modern. The room itself was very modern and clean.  The staff in this hotel are very friendly and welcoming and couldn't do enough for us.   I would say a small criticism would be that the hotel and the breakfast area/bar are separately owned which means breakfast is not included and can be costly.  flavored water at the reception area is great and restocked with fresh fruit each day.
bubble_30	The $27.50 tailor fee is a rip off. I did not need a shirt pressed or a glass of wine at the boring bar. Desk staff were helpfull wit an Indian restaurant recommendation. Room was clean and bed comfortable.
bubble_50	We stayed 6 nights. A perfect location, subway less than 100m, shops and parks easy to walk to. Our room was good size, but make sure you get a room facing 35th street, less noisy. Staff was friendly and helpfully. Great bathroom with nice shower and toiletry products. If you don't have breakfast included in the price, just walk to 6 avenue and you will have more to choose from as well as better priced.  All in all price performance was very good.
bubble_40	A bit pricey, but right in the middle of everything.  Very close to subway stops, Herald Square, Bryant Park, Empire State Building, NY Library & close to Grand Central Station & Times Square.  Clean, older, boutique hotel.  The staff was very friendly.  Would've enjoyed some more amenities - like a coffee pot in the room.  Fridge was bigger than expected.  Beds comfy.
bubble_40	We stayed in a deluxe room with our family it had 2 large double beds which were comfortable. The rooms are well decorated and clean. The bathroom was ok but the shower had low water pressure. Staff are friendly and helpful. Free coffee is served in the lobby every morning a nice touch.
bubble_10	My fiance and I stayed at the Gregory for 5 nights. From the moment we checked in, we were greeted by a extremely rude lady at the front desk (I never got her name). She spoke to us with a negatibe attitude and did not make us feel at all welcome at their hotel. No one was around to help us with our luggage although there was another staff sitting in the lobby chilling, pretending not to see us. This wasn't a big problem, since we can manage our own luggage but I would say the first 20 mins of our stay there was already not the best.   We had an OK stay at the hotel, they charge you something to use their water and coffee in the lobby or something. Never heard of that before. Room was ok, had no view, looking unto a back alley. Nothing spectacular but it's ok given the rates.
bubble_40	The Gregory really is a little Jem. Small but mighty.  Rooms are decorated to a good standard and we had a great view from our window of the Empire State Building, what not to like. Location was great for our needs tho might might suit others as manhattan has so much to offer you might be further from your chosen attractions. Would have no trouble booking to stay there again.
bubble_40	Stayed at the Gregory from 22 - 29 April this year and what a great surprise. The hotel is walking distance to the subway, very close to shopping area and nice restaurants. The room was cozy, refurbished but with the taste of old days, clean fresh and with lots of light. Staff were friendly and warm.
bubble_30	Met a lot of international travellers at the Gregory!  Wonder how they are advertising for people from Argentina to Ireland. The hotel is reasonable in many respects, except for the size of the bathrooms!  The bay window rooms, front and back are reasonably large, enough space for two people to get by each other coming and going.  The staff was accommodating, and the service people above stairs very friendly and nice.  For me the greatest deficit was the bathroom size. We were in 3 different rooms, but only one had a reasonable-sized bathroom.  In one room the toilet-seat was so close to the wall that you couldn't sit without touching the cold tiles.
bubble_50	I went to The Gregory with my mom and sister for a girls' getaway this past weekend.  It was perfect for us. The room (2 Queen beds) was very clean and comfortable and a good size for NYC. It wasn't a shoebox like many I have stayed in. The beds were comfy, I loved the bath products, and the hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful.  The area was pretty much equidistant to Soho and Central Park and had lots of restaurant, shopping and cafe options within a short walk. The Moscow mules across the street were awesome :).  The only downside was the sound of traffic on the street in the middle of the night. Garbage trucks drive by nightly and aren't afraid to use their horns at 2 and 3am. This is obviously no fault of the hotel, just the area... I'm not sure it would be any better
bubble_50	It was a wonderful stay! Location, Staff, Accomodations.. Everything from start to end was superb. A whole week in W35th between 5th and 6th. Subway, Bus, Rental Car, Macys. Everything is a minute short. My accomodation had an splendid view to Empire State. The rooms are high quality thematic decorated. Beds and bathrooms very clean! Nothing to complain - just to recommend!
bubble_40	With a foyer exactly as it is in the pics online we stepped into this hotel and was greeted warmly.  You do not feel like you are a stranger in this hotel and you are able to use their foyer to read books have a coffee and just chill out after a full day of shopping, shows and amazing sex in the city sights!  I loved that I could just pop out and eat real food close by (fresh healthy, simple honest food) or slip into the irish pub close by or many of the thousand places that can deliver yummy food to temp all our taste buds.  The subway is just a few steps away and from here you can go up and down the grid to see all the sights or you can do what we did which was just walk and as there are not hills this is easy to do and entertaining as you go. Failure to mention that just on
bubble_50	When I visit NYC, I always prefer to stay midtown around Grand Central Station. It's a central location without the tedious, mind-numbing crowds of Times Square. The Gregory provided the old-time ambience I like without the shabbiness I've experienced in other hotels in the area. The room was small, but still felt fresh and modern even though I had to share it with three other people! The staff too was warm and helpful.
bubble_50	I stayed here for six nights on my own last week.  The room was clean and very comfortable with a huge bed and plenty of wardrobe space for two people. I didn't require much interaction with the staff but those that I did were approachable and helpful.  My room overlooked 35th street so there was a bit of noise though I found I was so tired by the end of the days that this didn't bother me. Plus coming from a small/quiet island I quite enjoyed it :)   The location was good, yes there are some homeless people on the street late at night but they were not threatening in anyway. Actually I saw homeless people on most streets late at night so don't understand the negative reviews specifically about this address.   Once again as other reviews have pointed out there was rubbish out on
bubble_40	There are so many good things to say about this hotel - location, comfy beds, good size rooms, very clean, we had a view of the Empire State, friendly staff and next to an Irish bar. What more could you want?!? How about don't charge me a mandatory $20 (approx) extra a night for the gym (not going to happen...I enjoy the light feeling of guilt when in the states after consuming a plate of carbs and a box of doughnuts for breakfast) and for 2 shirts to be dry cleaned every day. I'm a young woman, on holiday and this isn't the 80s. Final slight picky point, please refrigerate the Diet cokes you serve in the bar. I drink those to balance out my lack of exercise. Overall, I do recommend this hotel, it's just a shame about the extra charge, as it would be a 5/5 otherwise.
bubble_50	You might pass this by as it is a small hotel.  Perfect location between Grand Central and Penn Station.  The staff could not have been more accommodating and helpful. A European/Old World feel. The wonderfully clean room was tastefully done in black and white, art deco style. Three of us slept there comfortably. (Bed and pull out couch.) Would definitely go back!
bubble_40	Excellent location in the heart of Herald Square; close to restaurants, shopping and public transport. Staff were nice and friendly. Didn't check out the gym or bar but nice to have the option. Decor had a sleek and modern twist with an underlying historic theme.   Air conditioned, comfortable room, hot water and good pressure.
bubble_20	I have never seen a hotel bill with so many different taxes. This hotel is overpriced for what it is. You have better choice at better value elsewhere.  Too much attention has been spent on superficial style and not enough attention on what matters.. more sound proofing.  The windows must be made of cling-film as it felt like I was 'sleeping' in the middle of a construction site.  Never again.
bubble_40	We arrived 8pm local time on Easter Saturday ( 1 am for my body) to be welcomed by pleasant and enthusiastic staff. After checking in they offered to help us with our luggage so a bit surprised to read other reviews. Our room was on the 8th floor and immediately through the doors after the lift! This did cause a little disturbance with people leaving at all times of the night for flights but not to the detriment of our stay. Our room was much bigger than we imagined with two queen size beds, a large walk,in wardrobe with safe & bath robes. The bathroom was also a very good size although I would have preferred it to have been a walk in shower as opposed to over bath. The sounds of NYC do seem to permeate through the windows but isn't that part of being in the city that never
bubble_20	Let's face it. The Gregory is a building with rooms that masquerades as a hotel.  It's not cheap yet you will struggle with your bags through the front door and into the tiny lift and through multiple doors to your room. All whilst the staff watch over you not lifting a finger.  The room? Well, the windows are cheap and have no value in way of sound proofing. Bring industrial earplugs or look forward to a night of sleeplessness. As per past reviews the heater doesn't work; it is probably set on cooling permanently. The bedding (and I don't mean the sheets or towels) stinks of stale sweat. The mattress and pillows need to be laundered regularly.  The front desk staff are like something out of a sitcom. If any, tiny point of concern is raised by a guest they circle and yell. They
bubble_10	I stayed at the Gregory for 4 nights this April. A colleague had seen images on the internet and we decided to give it a shot. Well, I just checked out of my first stay and that was already one too many. The room was small but I knew that, bathroom looked very ran down with plywood no longer attached under the sink. Cleanliness was very dubious as well. The bad surprise came at check out: my office had three small box delivered at the hotel for me. The Hotel charged me a total of $140 for the delivery!!! Not the delivery company, the Hotel! This is the first time EVER this happens to me and I have been traveling around the globe every month for the last 20 years. Then, they charged me a $20 Tailored fee per night, which I was told, is a "resort fee to pay for the facilities the
bubble_40	A little bit expensive, but absolutely great situation and clean, quite spacy rooms. Location in a smaller street, means also homeless persons next to the hotel. But quess that is a larger problem in NYC, so you just have to live with the scene.
bubble_30	The service was extraordinary, as the staff were very kind and loved to have conversation. The entire look of the place was also very modern and wonderful, and the double room gave lots of space. In addition, there is a great bar/restaurant directly connecting to the hotel with good food. - location was right in the city The reasoning behind 3 stars is solely based on the quality of sleep i had in the 2 nights i stayed. - There was ZERO air circulation, and you did not want to stay in the bathroom long. - In the main room, there was only a portable vent that turned on and off constantly to maintain temperature. - With no ability to open a window, the nights were so stuffy and uncomfortable. - At night, whenever the vent would turn on (every 2-3 minutes), it sounded like a car
bubble_30	The location was reasonable near the subway but people sleeping rough on the same street wasn't pleasant each time you left the hotel. The front desk was poor ,no kettle in the room ,didn't  have trays to bring coffee to the bedroom and no umbrellas to borrow when it was pouring out and no lemon slices in the morning. There was no where to sit in the lobby and in the room the AC unit was so noisy it's a waste of time putting it on. Very disappointed considering the pictures on the IPad showed a different story.
bubble_50	We spent 4 nights in this hotel. The staff is very friendly. The hotel is perfectly located right next to the Macy's and the subway. It takes about 20 min walking up to Times Square.  The beds are sooo comfortable! If I have to go back to NYC I will definitely choose this hotel
bubble_50	We really had a great stay at this place. The rooms were larger than expected, and although the standard of the rooms are not absolutely top notch, the entire family of four agree we would love to return. The location is also great.  The staff was great, and especially the doormen Edgar and a Polish employee we did not get the name of made us feel very(!) welcome. Even when we messed up and had no cash at all to show our appreciation, they were nothing but all smiles and friendly.  There is quite some noice from W 35th Street outside, but if you are like us, this is what you seek when visiting larger cities. It should be noted that the aircon was quite noisy, but we did not use it overnight so we had no issues with this. But be prepared for some 60 desibels if it is warm
bubble_50	This Hotel is before anything else in a fantastic location. Refurbished to a very high standard the rooms ( ours at least) was big for New York, clean and well turned out. The staff couldn't have been nicer, professional and discreet. The Bar downstairs is quite nice but we preferred Brendans which is also attached to the Hotel. Still two more days to go in our stay, we will be back.
bubble_30	Moved onto stay at The Gregory for a few days - I had heard about this hotel and wanted to give it a chance and after coming off the back of a challenging stay at The Roger ( by the way - the GM got in touch and made amends and acted truly professionally and made a real effort after what was a shocking experience ) I was somewhat concerned.  I saw The Gregory was listed on HotelsTonight and as I had to extend in NYC by 2 or 3 nights this was my chance.  The sense of arrival is lost - it looks more like a boutique / shop in the lobby/reception area that a boutique hotel and the curtain off the small lounge bar area which is a real shame and totally spoils the sense of arrival. The bellman was a real star..friendly and helpful as was the reception staff.  The Gregory was a 3 star
bubble_10	It's a shame, we stayed for 4 days. Hotel convenient as near the tube. Staff hopeless, they honestly couldn't care less. It's so far away from a boutique hotel as described. No where to sit in the lobby which is ridiculous. Very noisy outside. Beds comfortable but that's about it. The bath is tiny. The photos of the hotel look great. Don't be mislead. Would I stay here again! Defiantly not....
bubble_40	A stones throw from Macy's and Herald Sq subway this is a great spot for a NY break. The hotel is quite small and reception barely interacted with us during a week's stay but it's clean, modern and has comfy rooms although we did find them a bit airless.
bubble_50	Stayed for 6 nights in March. Despite the extremely cold weather and snow, courtesy of storm Stella, the hotel was lovely and warm, no hot water issues which some reviews mentioned. The staff were helpful and courteous and the location was excellent. The room was a good size, the bed is one of the most comfortable beds I have ever had in a hotel regardless of cost. The bathroom was small but nice and clean, the toiletries were well stocked and plenty of clean towels each day. The nearest subway station is less than 1 minute walk away. The hotel bar was fine though we preferred the ambiance at The metro bar and grill over the road which is lovely for a drink and served good food and the 2 (Irish) bars a little further down the street are nice enough. There are many more bars and
bubble_20	We were a family of six staying in three rooms and our experience was very disappointing. The hotel description and pictures are simply deceiving.  During our stay we had the feeling the owners are trying to portray the hotel as a silk purse, but in reality it's just a pigs ear! The hotel infrastructure is decayed which resulted in poorly heated rooms and cold runing water.  In our room which was located on the 5th floor we had to let the tap run for 15 mins before the hot water came through. When calling the reception to ask whether this was a fault we were advised that 'you are on the 5th floor so you need to leave the water to run'. Simply unsatisfactory and a waste of precious resources in my humble view. Similar story with the heating - we had three rooms and in each room
bubble_40	We were there during a snowstorm and the room was really cold as we were unable to raise the heater (centrally controlled) and the windows let the cold air in.   The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. However there was only one light in the entire room other than the bathroom lights hence it gets really dark at night.   Location wise it is a good place to stay as it is near good restaurants and you could walk to Macy's.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Gregory two weeks ago and its the best location to stay as its near everything without having to get a cab, New York is fantastic for walking, you can walk until you drop as the ground is flat, no hills to make it harder for you to enjoy. The hotel was spotless cleared every day and got so many clean towels every day it was great. The beds are so comfy and plenty or pillows, rooms good size too. A kettle to make tea or coffee would be nice, maybe the hotel might do that some time in the future. The hotel is 2 mins walk to Macey's and about 4 mins to Penn station. We got the train services from (Newark airport)  Airtrain and Subway for 13 dollars, you tell them that you want a ticket to get to Penn station  and the 13 dollars (26 dollars return) covers both trains
bubble_20	We chose this hotel as it looked great, boutique, good location etc and decent reviews, but have to say we were disappointed.   There were some really good points: Location as mentioned, 34th St Herald Square Subway entrance at the end of the street, 2 minutes from Macy's and Broadway. Bed - one of the comfiest hotel beds I've ever slept on! Bathroom - really nice tiled bathroom with great shower and fab apotheke toiletries. Previous reviews mentioned issues with the hot water but if you left the shower on for about 2-3 minutes it was soon roasting, and one night we even had a bath each.  Other plus points include fridge in room, big flat screen tv, and safe also in room. Wifi was decent and Brendan's next door(attached) was also a lovely bar and where you could get
bubble_50	We absolutely LOVED our stay at the Gregory Hotel.  Excellent location....walked to Madison Square Garden,  Broadway shows, Times Square and Rockefeller Center.  We had a room with a King bed and foldout couch.  Slept 3 comfortably.  Nicely decorated room....right across the street from Empire State Building.  Great staff from front desk to housekeeping.  Really liked their restaurant as well.  Wouldn't look to stay anywhere else on our next stay in NY.
bubble_30	If this hotel described itself as a simple, stylish 3* hotel in a fantastic location then I would be giving it a 5* review.   Unfortunately it tries to oversell itself which let's it down. The description on the website leads you to believe it is a highly refined 4* boutique hotel. In truth it does not have the refinement, service or facilities you would expect from a 4* hotel.   My main negatives were: * No tea & coffee facilities in the room and only made available in the lobby in the morning * Rooms have been redecorated stylishly but cheaply so a bit shabby in places, extremely drafty old windows, loud and uncontrollable radiator meaning room was either freezing cold or red hot (had to sleep under 2 duvets and in socks one night and with the covers off another) and
bubble_10	Last week we stayed at the Gregory and the moment we arrived they took already An amound of money from our MasterCard for services.When we left they charged us more than what we agreed on the reservation through Booking.com.We showed our reservation and they said they didn't received it.Very strange because I have a copy.During our stay we got already a mail from Booking.com with the question if we were at that moment at the Gregory,because at the reception they said we weren't.So at the end we didn't received the room we booked,because a luxury two bedroom hotelroom with cityview,slippers,showercaps(as said on Booking.com) doesn't exist.So if we make the balance : we paid 250$ more and if we charge de 100$ we paid for the luxury room it is 350 $.Bad,bad experience!!!
bubble_50	This hotel is fantastic, clean rooms, spacious rooms and with safe box, amazing all staff (spacially thanks to James and Michelle, thank you guys!) and very well located, is centric. Is litery "2steps" of Macys, Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building, Penn Station, 6Ave, 5Ave and most important, a round the corner you'll have subway and buses if you need to go anywhere.  In the surrondings you'll have all kind restaurants, grocery's, stores, etc. I highly recommend this hotel, is next to everything and is super cozy and most important, super safe zone!  Thank you very much New Yorkers, like Tina Turner said in her song: "you're simply the BEST, better than all the rest!" :)
bubble_50	We visited The Gregory early December. It was a beautiful boutique hotel and in the PERFECT location re shops ... 1 minute walk from Macy's! Plenty of subway stations local too ... the room was perfect but my only problem was that I did find it difficult to sleep due to nightlife and road noises but you can't not expect that from staying in the heart of NYC .... thankyou for a memorable experience! Already looking to re-book for this December
bubble_50	i really love the aesthetics, very male tailoring oriented. The staff is super helpful and dedicated. The rooms are big for NYC standards. The king ones are offering the best view on the empire state.  great decoration, great people and affordable prices.  bonus points for the APOTEKE bathrooms products!!
bubble_40	The hotel is perfectly located - 5min walk from the Penn Station and 1min walk from the first Subway stop. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were comfortable, although quite small. I liked the dcor - very chic, white & black - perfect for a stay in NYC. I loved the bathroom - it was spacious and the soap provided smelled heavenly :) The noise might bother someone who prefers a calmer environment - I personally enjoyed the sound of sirens and traffic, since it was a part of the experience. Also the wardrobe room was almost half of the size of the main room - that space could have been much better used. I don't think the hotel offers breakfast - however, that shouldn't be a problem with many food options in the city.
bubble_40	Great location for sightseeing. We were able to walk with our children to everything. The room had two double beds and for the price we paid it was a great deal.  The restaurant on sight was nice as well. The only criticism we had was the lack of reception from the employees. I called the day we would be checking in and rhe receptionist was rude. Not one employee sitting in the lobby asked about our day,said hello or nod their head towards us.
bubble_40	We stayed at The Gregory two nights. The hotel lies in the middle of Manhattan (aka Midtown), just few steps away from Macy's and couple of blocks away from Times Square. The room is essential, the bed quite comfortable, there is a hairdryer and the shower is very relaxing, though una bathtub. Overall a good experience.
bubble_50	It was a great experience, the hotel is near a subway station, and close to all the fashion stores if you want to do shopping. The room was clean with a big bed & the hotel staff were very kind. We really enjoyed our stay there!
bubble_20	I had a really poor experience at The Gregory which affected my trip to NY. Firstly, the hotel facilities are outdated. The finishings are nice and take you back to the early 20th century but it lacks performance. Small rooms, small bathrooms. Slow lifts (only 2), no central light in my room meaning only light source was the bedside lamp. Hot water was slow to turn on and not enough space in the bathroom sink for any toiletries. I also had an extremely poor experience with the front desk. Long story short, I had emailed reception advising them of a package I had ordered however when it arrived they could not find my name in the reservation list. They sent the package back and it could not be recovered. Service throughout was unempathetic and helpful placing blame on my ordering
bubble_40	Overall a great stay. Staff were friendly. Rooms very clean and updated. Some quirky features. Very small bathrooms. The bar seemed to keep odd hours. Only one of the small elevators worked. Scheduled lack of water on day we checked out. Despite these quirks, it was a great stay. Convenient to much of what ny has to do. I would recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	The Hotel Gregory is in a prime location in Manhattan.  It's half a block from Herald Square and the rooms that face 34th street have a view of the Empire State Building.  The room was small, but well appointed and big enough for two people.  The bathroom was tiny and there was some wonkiness with the hot water, but overall very nice.  The downstairs gym is fairly poorly appointed, but if you need a gym while staying in NYC you're not doing something right.  Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Old fasioned, nicely located hotel. Friendly staff, comfortable and convinient. Very close to all major staff in NYC: 5th Ave, Empire State Building, Teatre district, Times Square, etc. Central Park and Metropoliten Museum is about 20-30 minuts walk Will stay again
bubble_50	the staff is simply amazing-so friendly, helpful.  The guestrooms are clean & love the  historical aspect of the hotel. Beds are super comfortable. Love the new lobby design. Entire staff, including Housekeeping always smile and speak.  You can tell they care. Also enjoyed a nice cocktail in the evening in the Liquor Cabinet.
bubble_50	We have stayed at a lot of NYC hotels and they are usually pricey. This time I took a chance and when with a VERY low priced hotels. My expectations were low despite the reviews but mostly because of price. We were pleasantly surprised. This place was the perfect location, great price, clean, friendly, great parking, and the room was so quaint and charming! We loved it hear. Yes the room was smaller by the ceiling height and windows made it feel more grand. It was absolutely lovely. I would recommend this for anyone. There was NO downside. We travel frequently and have learned that all the "amenities" sometimes get in the way of simplicity. Enjoy this treasure.
bubble_40	The staff was very helpful.  The staircases are marble, and the building has great charm.  It does need some renovation though.  Rooms are very small, but our rate wasn't very high either.  Corner rooms, like we had, can have climate issues...our room was extremely hot, we had to run the air conditioning with an outside temperature of 30F.  The bed was extremely comfortable though.  They need to work on their free coffee, it was terrible, couldn't drink it, but I think the small pastry/coffee bar that's available as part of a larger package or standalone is much better.  Ask for a room on  a higher floor or facing away from the street because windows are not soundproofed, but understanding is they are working on that.  Lobby is very well apportioned.  Parking is across the
bubble_40	Perfect hotel. Clean, nice basic rooms, good location, fair price and easy to walk to or take metro to near sites and attractions. Only criticism I would have is our room facing the street was slightly noisy and we could hear a fair amount of noise, particularly of people in the street  and sirens (to be expected).
bubble_50	We flew to NYC first thing on a Saturday morning and were able to check in 9:30am as our room was ready.  Nice sized room with king bed and refrigerator.  This is a nicely redone boutique hotel.  Not a lot of frills but it worked great for our needs.  Relatively quiet, comfy bed, and a great night's sleep.  Great location next to Herald Square subway stop and easy walking distance to Times Square and Broadway theaters.  Wifi worked great and staff was very courteous and accommodating.  We will definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	This is the perfect hotel to stay at if you want to be near Times Square but not in a crowded huge hotel. Obviously this neighborhood is going to be much more crowded than other areas in Manhattan. But the hotel itself was surprising quiet, the staff was very friendly and the rooms were modern (not huge). The hotel has a great bar. It was a great 2 night stay.
bubble_20	Having stayed here twice this week, the single biggest thing this place has working against it is age. It's an old building. Old old. So things do not work as they should.....slowest elevator in the world, thin glass windows to let in the noise from 34th street, temperamental hot water, small rooms and tinier bathrooms. Then there are the other annoying things...... almost every trip to my room resulted in me having to go back down as the door cards would not work, doors are heavy and slam...so you are woken up each time surrounding neighbours return or get up. Then there is something called the "Tailor Fee". This was sprung on me as a compulsory $20 per night additional Resort tax.  WTF? I was told it's to cover wi-if, the water and coffee downstairs and the gym in the basement
bubble_40	Inviting lobby on a relatively quiet street for Manhattan.  2 snug elevators to get to your room.  Helpful staff  Room itself: Overall clean and large enough for 2. Small bathroom but sufficient. Good shower pressure with a window you can open. Really good size in-room fridge, a nice lounge chair and you also have a small desk. WiFi was also ok.  Bed was comfortable and although the walls are thin, it was very quiet for the most part during our 3 night stay .
bubble_50	Was really central to most things. Beds we're comfortable and the staff we're great. Nice bar joined downstairs, good place to have some drinks to start your night off or a hang over breakfast. I'd stay here again for sure.
bubble_50	The most important things in a hotel are cleanliness, comfort, room size and location. This hotel had it all. We had a 6 night stay here and really enjoyed it! The staff were friendly and the concierge messaged me to check if we had any requests or needed any additional information which I felt was a nice touch.It was literally down the road from Macy's and a huge subway station. You can walk to Times Square, Grand Central, public library, Empire State, Rockerfeller Centre from here. The room was huge as was the bed. The hotel and room was very clean too and the bathroom was lovely (I'm really fussy about bathrooms).   As previous guests have said no kettle in the room (U.S. Brits love that) but you could get complimentary coffee in the reception. There was only one mirror in
bubble_40	I stayed there for 5 nights. the location is the best possible. I got a very comfortable room and the staff was very helpful. I definitely will stay there again when I'm back in New York City again. The hotel is minutes walk from The Empire State Building and Fifth Av.
bubble_30	Just came back from my stay at The Gregory. Though comfortable, the room I had was definitely smaller than the size advertised in their website. I was travelling alone so not a huge deal but beware if you're s couple because it will be cramped. My view was of a wall or the building across so if you want nice views, I don't think a lot of the rooms will have it.  The biggest gripe I had was that housekeeping was SOOOO loud. When you're on holiday you don't necessarily want to wake up at 8am but you may get woken up by the housekeeper cleaning other rooms while also loudly chatting. If I also stayed in my room longer in the mornings I would undoubtably get a call asking if I wanted my room cleaning. Never had a hotel do that before if I'm honest.  Finally, I'd been told the night
bubble_50	Absolutely perfect location, easy walk to just about anywhere and if the Subway or a cab is more your style then those are at the doorstep too. Staff was wonderful and room tho a little small was very clean and comfortable. Would highly recommend a stay here, I know we will be back.
bubble_50	Had great pleasure of staying at this great little boutique hotel in September for 6 nights, I can't fault this hotel from the staff to the rooms everything was perfect.  We arrived after long flight to find our rooms were available straight away and the welcome we received from the two guys on reception was excellent, was made to feel so welcome and was if amongst friends  The rooms are good standard for New York, the bathrooms were quaint some would say old fashioned And dated but that was part of the charm.  Location wise it's excellent turn let outf hotel go to bottom of the block right opposite Macy's, turn right go to top of the block right by Empire State Building  Have stayed many times in New York and only came across this hotel by chance As the original hotel we should
bubble_30	We made our booking last minute during a high travel weekend in NYC. The staff were cordial enough. The location can't be beat - near train stations, shopping, and restaurants at a variety of price ranges. The hotel has an interesting decor style - men's wear and haberdashery themed pictures and mostly black, brown, and white palette. The rooms were small, on average, but reasonable for NYC. The bathrooms were TINY, clearly former closets. The rooms were clean and well furnished with a desk and chair and side chair, closet, and "dresser" for the TV. The lobby served hot beverages in the morning in what appears to be a lounge, but it isn't serviced any other time of day. I would recommend this hotel, HOWEVER, it was SO loud. We could hear people in the hallways, people and
bubble_40	Amazing location, close to many local eateries, shopping destinations, and the subway is not too far off either. This is a chic boutique hotel, kinda give you a bit of that "gentleman's club" kind vibe and very Sammy Davis Jr, jazzy ambience.  Rooms were small, but well equiped. Elevators can be kinda slow at time, but who cares when you are on holidays! Great service, friendly and helpful. The hotel also offers complimentary coffee at the lobby every morning.  My friend and I spent a long weekend there, and practically walked everywhere.  I would stay here again!
bubble_40	My first trip to New York! Why have I waited so long? I came with my daughter, who had stayed at The Gregory before, for a 12 day stay in December. This is a lovely hotel, well positioned near the Empire State Building (you can see it from some rooms), Macy's and the Herald Square subway station. The rooms are comfortable and the staff very helpful. We decided that we needed two rooms, halfway through our stay, and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. All sorted in very little time.  A big thank you to Jasmine, who gave me a cup of tea most mornings, in the foyer. Such a pleasant way to start the day. Brendan's next door is a great place for a meal (the best fish and chips) or a drink. The barman is friendly. You can grab breakfast, or a meal to take back to your
bubble_40	Our family of 4 booked a room with 2 queen size beds.  Alike most reviews, the room was smaller than expected however it was sufficient for our needs as we didn't spend too much time in the room.  Despite the lack of space, the room provides daily bottled water and has a mini fridge for drinks/snacks.  The beds are also with very comfortable.   Our room was located on the 8th floor and the only complaint that we have is the noise level late in the evening.  The location of the hotel is extremely convenient.  The walk to 5th avenue and Macy's is less than 5 mins from hotel. There is also complimentary coffee and tea in the morning with a great seating area.    Hotel staff was always helpful with taxi, luggages and recommendations for restaurants.
bubble_20	The hotel, from the location point of view, is very conveniently situated with major landmarks and points of interest within walking distance. However front desk staff weren't competent in customer service and politeness and by this I am especially referring to the front desk woman called Milady. Very stiff in the way she speaks, very unfriendly and not accommodating. The other front desk staff were ok but not Milady.   The other gripe I had was that housekeeping did not frequently check amenities in the bathroom and on two or more occasions I had to ask them to replenish hand soap and toilet paper after having come back in the evening after a busy day out. When you return to the hotel in the evening, you don't want to see things not replenished and have to call housekeeping
bubble_40	We stayed just a couple of nights en route home via New York. The room was compact with a small but highly functioning bathroom. The bed was really high (like the Princess and the Pea story!) and very comfortable! Check in and out were painless and the concierge kindly sorted out our airport taxi.  We enjoyed a drink in the hotel bar. Unfortunately the tonic was flat(?) with our Gin, otherwise it had a nice atmosphere and got quite lively with the Christmas crowd.  There were no facilities for breakfast in the morning in the hotel, but the bar/restaurant next door was great for coffee and eggs benedict! The room had complimentary bottled water upon arrival. It would be great if there were facilities to make a hot drink.  We'd stay there again!
bubble_30	The one thing I was disappointed about with this hotel was the lack of personal touch at reception. Also I think they could benefit from an area where they provide some literature on New York. Nobody offered any form of assistance with regard to this. The coffee in the morning was a nice touch as was the fruit infused water always on tap. Expensive for what you get as other hotels in the same area are less expensive and provide a better service.
bubble_50	Great location for sightseeing and shopping. Felt in the heart of the city but able to sleep. Generous room enough for 4 adults.  Very helpful and available staff.  So many of the sights and shops are walkable.  Macy's is around the corner. Greenwich Village half an hour walk. Subway stop yards away.  Don't miss Andrews Coffee Shop/Diner for breakfast about 5 minutes walk away.
bubble_10	Simply the worst hotel I have stayed at. Somebody needs to explain the NYC hotel rating systems to me because this is never in a million years a four star hotel. This hotel would struggle to achieve a 2 star rating anywhere in Europe.   Firstly the positives - The staff are all polite and genuinely try and help - were possible and the hotel is just a one minute walk to Herald Sq and Macy's.   The problem with this hotel is many - Firstly, they make a big thing in the description about its restaurant and bar Brendan's, Make no mistake this is a stand alone business and operates as such - the hotel just has a connecting door to it but the restaurant management  open and close when they feel like it. Despite advertising the restaurant is open until 11pm i couldn't get a table or
bubble_50	Five stars!    First part of the story has to start with a big mess up with booking. Com that was honestly my fault.  And the hotel Manger just fixed it for me.   The details of the story are long and detailed and not that interesting, but the hotel staff at the Gregory from Tyler to Brian and the manager were kind and positive, it just started my stay with a very positive vibe.   I was here for one night.  We had two rooms.  They were immaculate, clean, crisp, and a decent size for NYC.    Great location.  Great coffee in the morning.  Robes and extra towels in the bathroom.  Plus all the shampoo, lotions all in dispenses.  We just super happy   We stayed on XMAS Eve.  Nicest people, great stay.   So, yes, I read some of the other reviews.  And yes, the elevator needs a panel
bubble_50	I love this hotel, It is gorgeous the minute you walk in. Awesome service! The folks at the desk were wonderful. The restauarant had great food ! This hotel is in the middle of all the action! A definite wonderful hotel.
bubble_40	The hotel is in an excellent location, a bit off 5th avenue, a few minutes walk to Macys! The only thing that we found troublesome was that the room was smaller than what it had appeared to look like online. (four adult girls who sharing a room for four with double beds) we had also been advised before the booking that the room would contain a fridge as we didnt have a fridge and were disappointed in the size of the room we phoned to reception to ask if we could be moved to a different room.  Reception was very co-operative and advised us that we could move to a bigger room the next day.  There was no extra charge for this and the room that we were upgraded to was a bit bigger.  The hotel offers complimentary tea coffee and water up until 11am! This includes cappuccinos which
bubble_40	We really enjoyed our stay at the Gregory last month. We stayed for 7 nights Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was bigger than expected and very comfortable (we had a great high view of the Empire State Building). Everyday it was cleaned with fresh towels Location was fantastic, so close to shopping in Macy's and on Fifth Avenue. We walked to Central Park, Times Square and the high line. There is an underground station a couple of mins away.
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed in one of the rooms with two double beds and loved it! We were surprised by how spacious the room was as we have heard that NYC rooms tend to be quite small. The beds were incredible - so so so comfortable. The shower pressure wasn't the best but a very minor detail (unless you're somebody who finds strong shower pressure to be crucial of course). The staff were helpful. The best part of the hotel is the location! Bring right off of herald square it was walking distance to a lot of sites and attractions. We were on holiday from Australia so doing all the touristy things. The bar downstairs was nice but unfortunately we never managed to catch it when it was open. Brendan's next door is great though. One thing though was that there seemed to be continuous
bubble_40	We decided to come up to NYC the weekend before Christmas as a way to celebrate the season.  NYC at Christmas can be lovely.  I booked The Gregory based on price, location, and reviews.  It didn't disappoint.  It is the perfect home base for a weekend stay.  Our room was large enough for a crib (which they provided with bedding) and our rather large stroller.  The room was very clean with litter wear and tear.  And although the hotel offers few amenities, they made up for it with locally made soaps and lotions in the bathroom.  My husband and I agreed that the hotel was especially friendly greeting us and helping us with the stroller each time we came and went.  It felt like a boutique hotel without the price tag.  We enjoyed our stay greatly and will consider staying at The
bubble_20	Stayed there 2 nights on business. Many other reviews that remarked on the audible street noise are accurate, but I wasn't bothered by the city sounds. The room was clean and nice. BUT...  1) Both mornings I had hot water troubles in my room. Day 1 I left it running for a bit and eventually it warmed up. Day 2, when I had to leave at 4:45 am for an early flight, 15 minutes wasn't enough to bring hot water to my room. So no shower for me.  2) This part is the worst - I cannot seem to get them to send me my bill, so that I'm able to do my expense report. I've called 3 times, given my email address 4 times and still I have no receipt. I've never, in all my business travels, even overseas, had to hound a hotel this much just to send me a receipt.  I likely won't stay there again on
bubble_50	Hotel is located in the middle of everything, right at Herald Square. Very personal and attentive staff. Nice restaurant and bar located next door. Some rooms have a view of the Empire State Building.
bubble_40	The Gregory's location was well suited to the type of holiday we were pursuing in New York. Our room was well-appointed and the staff were friendly and polite. We appreciated the complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings and the young woman who served us the drinks was particularly lovely.   Our only issue was the temperature of our room. Even though it is currently winter in New York, our room was extremely hot, particularly at night. Having to try and counter this using an unusually noisy air-conditioner was problematic. The radiator was also very noisy. We did approach the staff several times to have this addressed, and although they assured us it was being addressed, we did not notice any difference in the temperature of our room. This slightly tarnished what was
bubble_40	I always stay near Penn Station and this will be my go to hotel.  Neat clean and comfortable.  I literally slept like a baby.  I had room 711 and could hear nothing.  It is a nice size room for NY.  The staff is super friendly.  The elevators are slow but I took the stairs.  Highly recommend.
bubble_30	Hotel was comfortable and the bed exceptionally comfortable. Staff were very friendly with exception of the young lady serving coffee on Wednesday morning who was very 'off' with her attitude when I tried to pour my own coffee ( not knowing the system). Management apologised but I did not go back in there for coffee. Room info stated that coffee cups were in your room but not so in our case. Had the Irish stew in Brendan's ( the attached bar) on the first night. It was edible but not the best and wasn't fully hot from the microwave. ( didn't bother with Brendan's again) Room cleaner did not always replace drinking cups and no coffee/ tea facility in room. Kate ( my wife) says she would stay again. Great location. No room stat for heating.
bubble_50	I stayed at The Gregory Hotel at the beginning of September, this year.  We had a fantastic stay- the service was fabulous (particularly Matthew), the room was delightful, the beds comfortable and the location perfect!  After a long day of exploring, it was wonderful to be able to come back and sleep like a log.  The bathroom amenities were a treat also, as well as the decor and layout.  I look forward to staying here again when I next visit New York.
bubble_40	As soon as we stepped into the hotel, the staff members was very polite and helpful, the room was nice, tidy and spacious. Mathew the staff member was full of life/energy, made us feel welcome, had a great senor humour. The location was great as all the shops was nearby, I would recommend people to stay at this hotel.
bubble_50	Visited The Gregory in November for Thanksgiving with some friends. The hotel facilities were great, as well as the room. Free wifi which helped a lot. Fantastic experience in New York and the whole trip we were made welcome by all the staff everyday from the reception to cleaners. Matthew in particular helped us out a a lot on our final day, great guy and really funny, he was up and down helping us with our luggage as well as all the other customers checking in. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would recommend to all friends and family.
bubble_40	We stayed here in October while visiting New York for a Broadway show. We really enjoyed staying at the hotel - It is far enough from Times Square that you aren't struggling through crowds every time you leave but it is still walking distance to many tourist sites (Broadway, 30 Rock, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Macy's, MOMA, etc). Also walking distance to some quieter neighbourhoods to the South like Chelsea and Gramercy Park . Our room was clean, spacious enough for two, had interesting decor and came with complimentary water bottles. The hotel also offers free coffee in the morning and has a decent Irish pub next door. The Gregory is also conveniently located for transit. There is a subway stop nearby and Penn Station is only about 10 minute walk from the
bubble_40	Visited for my birthday and the hotel kindly upgraded us to a room with a view of the Empire State. Great decor, as on the images on their site. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend for a great boutique midtown hotel.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel! Booked it for my 18th, first time going to NY. Was nervous because when going somewhere like NYC, the hotel can often make or break your trip. It's nice to have a nice and clean place to go back to after a tiring (but fun) day. The staff were so welcoming and friendly from start to finish, the hotel rooms and reception were so clean. Rooms were cleaned everyday with new water in fridge. Maids were friendly. There is also a bar/restaurant next door where I had the most AMAZING pancaked I've ever had! There is something very charming/chic and vintage about this hotel, yet it is modern and cleaned up nicely. Couldn't recommend this place more in terms of location, theres a spar/necessity shop right up the street, times square is a 5/10 minute walk, empire state
bubble_50	We stayed here for 12 nights, the room was great, very comfortable beds, with everything we needed.Housekeeping were amazing, the front desk staff always welcomed us, Mathew the concerige was so helpful, we had some a lot of laughs with him. Also the young lady( can't remember her name sorry) who made our lattes for us every morning, so helpful and friendly, and Natalie the manageress, always happy to chat with us and our daughter Jessica. Such a great place and we will definitely return and recommend to our friends. Thank you for making are stay one  We won't forget.
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed at The Gregory in Brooklyn, NY when we traveled there for a wedding.  Hotel has small rooms (it's an old hotel) but the hotel has been updated and we had a very pleasant visit.  We had several family members all staying there and we were all pleased.  Rooms are very clean, showers had great pressure, breakfast was good, free wi-fi.  Only complaint was finding parking.  Hotel parking was full and we had to park on the street several blocks away.
bubble_50	Just booked out of the Gregory after a great five days the hotel is in a perfect location for shopping and only a block from Macy's and Empire State Building and a quiter area   Are room was a twin which was slightly bigger on the twelfth floor staff were really helpful and room was perfect for our needs
bubble_50	I have stayed at many NYC hotels and this is the best by far.  This is a charming hotel steeped in history and beautifully presented. The quality of the bedding was luxurious, the room was spacious and quiet.  The bathroom was tiny and the water pressure could have been better, but this is minor in comparison to everything else.  The location was perfect with a subway at the end of the block. Lots of bars and restaurants around and close to Macy's and Empire State Building.  Will definitely return.
bubble_30	This hotel lacks the polish that it's price tag demands. Lifts are slow and whilst the location is central, it's over priced for the quality of the accommodation. We upgraded to the double room for our family but the room was small and the hotel overall is not a family friendly hotel. On the upside, all staff were helpful, including the cleaning team we met in slow lifts!
bubble_50	Short break to NYC. Wanted a central location,but sensibley priced. Found it on Booking.com and checked it on Tripadvisor. Old fashioned in many respects but with all the modern requirements- good free wi-fi, modern clean en-suite rooms, huge comfy beds.Breakfast is free tea n coffee with muffins etc, or cooked in the adjacent "Brendans" restaurant at a charge. The outstanding feature , however, were the staff. The front desk and concierge team of James, Gulbyie, Matt, Bogdan, Brian and Alba were all fantastic, helpful, patient and knowledgeable. This hotel has character and is run by characters.
bubble_40	The Gregory is a small oasis hotel on 35th St. and (happily) off the beaten path of Times Square. It's quaint interior and warm B&B vibe provide a welcoming tone for weary travelers. The bar/ restaurant is right next door and although the rooms can be a little snug, the atmosphere and friendly staff help make this hotel a very enjoyable, charming experience.
bubble_50	My wife and I have just returned from a stay at The Gregory and were thoroughly delighted. The location is absolutely fantastic, offering quick access to multiple subway lines and walking distance from many attractions. I am surprised at some of the other reviews on here as they certainly don't match our experience. The staff were extremely friendly, the Hotel was clean and the Wifi was great too! I don't think you can ask for anything more! The Gregory will certainly be our first choice for our next visit to NYC!
bubble_30	We are staying here now. I'm shocked by the difference between the photos and reviews and the reality. In no way is this a four-star hotel. It feels as if we're staying at an upscale hostel. The bathroom is minuscule. The room itself is desperately in need of a major renovation. It is not charming at all. The only benefit is it's central location. I'm great at picking hotels but I could not have possibly foreseen how the decrepitude unless photos or reviews were posted which is why I'm writing this review. Your welcome.
bubble_30	I stayed at the Gregory because I had heard good reviews from friends and the photos looks great-clean and neat and elegant. Location was good, bed was comfy and room clean. However, the attention to detail was disappointing. Bathroom door did not shut; no extra tissue, cotton or even toilet paper.  There wasn't even a pen in the room when I needed one. No slippers - even a plastic one.  My mother was about to have a migraine and went down for coffee - paid 5 dollars (yes, NYC prices) for a paper cup with luke-warm hot water "espresso". she couldn't finish it, migraine worsened, and in addition, the male client behind her got the coffee for free. It's not about the 5-dollars.. it's about the customer service and attention to detail. I later heard that coffee and tea was
bubble_40	Could have been a better sign outside with the hotel name. Overall a really nice hotel. They had done their very best from an old building. Spacious room, loved the body wash. Wifi connection good so no problems to spend some hours working. Not that nice view, but that's not why we chose a hotel at Manhattan:-). Annoying with the traffic both day and night. Could hear the taxis blowing their horn all the time. Didn't help to be a bit up in the building. Near both Macys and a huge Victorias Secret shop if you looking for good shopping. A good base if you are not familiar with New York. Walking distance to Times Square and neighbour with Empire State Building.  We also tried the breakfast in the bar/restaurant next to the hotel (you can walk directly from the hotel into the
bubble_40	This is in a busy section within walking distance to everything and with a train station around the corner.  Bed was very comfy and the staff helpfyl and accommodating.  There is a parking garage almost across from the hotel and lots of opportunities for shopping an dining.
bubble_50	We loved our stay here,friendly staff,lovely room,comfy bed and stylish decor.We stayed in a twin room ( 606) with our daughter.The room was spacious and had the added bonus of a fridge.The bathroom has a bath/shower with toiletries provided.We were given two bottles of water each day and cups to take down to the bar to get coffee or tea each morning.The reception staff were very helpful. This hotel is very close to The Empire State Building and Macy's department store.It is a great place to stay to see all the sights of New York!
bubble_50	A lovely boutique hotel.  Small and all the staff remembers who you by name! The room was clean and tidy and the bed was SOOOOOO comfortable. After a busy day walking this was very welcomed. Recommend!
bubble_30	There are some goods: 1) Location 2) bed was comfy 3) design (I like a good retro design to a hotel, all the way down to the small tiles in the bathroom) 4) room size ample 5) empty fridge 6) the afternoon concierge and bell man was lovely as were most of the front desk folks.   The mediocres: 1) television on the old side, not many channels, kind of dim 2) no room service 3) no coffee in room 4) limited food options  I had horrible brown water spew out the first morning during my shower, really horrifying! Upon inquiring as to what was going on, the desk manager said they'd had some issues with their boiler. Par for the course in an older building in NYC? Maybe so, but euchhhh! It occurred only the one time.
bubble_40	Stayed at the hotel with my mate from 14th to 19th October. First off the hotel is in a great location with fabulous local bars. The staff on reception & Sam (part of the welcoming & porter team), was always so happy & cheerful; he was great to have a chat with & a laugh. A few bits about our room (807), the beds & linen were amazing, just what you needed after sightseeing. Downside...the bathroom was lovely but very disappointed in the choice of shower head, no power to it unless you had it coming out like a tap, which is too fierce. The room could have benefited from better glazing...lots of road noise. Lastly, not sure our room was 'really' cleaned while we were there...cup rings on the dresser & dust by the time we left; it's a shame about these bits but didn't affect our
bubble_40	Came to nyc with my daughter and chose this hotel since it was offered by my travel agent.  Pros: location in midtown , one min from herald sq subway - was extremely easy Nice room , reasonably sized bathroom with a large closet.  Also, free water bottles , free coffee in the morning.  Cons:  Unfortunately our room was facing the back yard with no view... Very disappointing. It was also quite noisy during the night( garbage cleaning? ). No double glazing.... Also , the airconditioning was old and noisy. Not what I would expect from a boutique hotel...
bubble_50	Recently spent a long weekend in NYC with sisters and mom...had a fabulous time.  The staff (especially Matthew, Victor, and a woman that started with a "G" that loves Macy's) brought our stay to the next level. Whatever we needed, they were there for us. Recommendations, the central location, 1/2 block to subway, walking distance to so many attractions, customer service, cleanliness of hotel, stylish decor were all contributing factors to make us want to stay there again. I would highly recommend it to any traveler.  Thank you so much!!
bubble_50	I have been to NYC before and I returned with my son for his first visit there.  The Gregory is a very stylish bright and clean place with a wonderful atmosphere.  The staff on arrival were very kind and welcoming.  Especially MATTwho made us very welcome and was very helpful and funny.  The room was perfect for our needs and decorated beautifully. The shower was lovely and the beds very very comfortable.   The room like the rest of the hotel was spotless and the aircom cooled the room perfectly.   Everyday we came back to the room being clean, beds made fresh water and the aircom on which with the heatwave outside it was perfect. It was a pleasure to return to our room at the end of the day.  The location is great.  Everything you need is on hand and being so close to the
bubble_50	My husband and I have just got back from our Stay at the Gregory,this hotel is in a perfect location for all the tourist attractions. Turn left out of the hotel and walk to the end of the road,and you will find Macy's and Broadway. The staff were very helpful and friendly,especially Mathew who helped us navigate the Subway map to visit memorial plaza and Statue of Liberty (again subway entrance is just at the end of the street). The rooms were clean and tidy. I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a stay in New York.
bubble_40	This a great location 6 blocks from Times Square with free off street parking on the weekends. We got a park right in front of hotel. Friendly and thoughtful staff greet you upon entering hotel. Large spacious rooms but the bathroom in our room was extremely small. When sitting on the toilet your Knees are close to the sink and it certainly is only room for 1 person at a time. The tub is nice size and everything was very clean. Excellent for the price definitely will stay there again.
bubble_20	The room is big and has a large and comfortable bed. The lobby is nice and the location is great. The bathrooms are pretty small. Unfortunately the receptionists were terrible and I have had a few incidents when we had to communicate with them and every time was  annoying. Honestly speaking I have never had such a bad service from a 4 star hotel. The water pressure was bad, we had to call the hotel engineer to fix it. He cleaned the filter which didn't help too much. The heat in the room turns on randomly and there is no way to turn it off! This happened 3 times in 4 nights we stayed and every time we had to call the reception to complain and take care of this.
bubble_50	I am sitting here writing this review in our room gettin ready to check out from this hotel! What can I say after the 5 days we have pretty much been walking 12miles a day coming back to this hotel with its clean tidy rooms and big comfy beds is just what you need. Stones throw away from times sq,macys, empire state etc but far enough away that it's not loud all night. The staff are amazing from Matt the doorman and the lady with black hair who serves free coffee in the morning (sorry didn't know her name) they are fantastic! And every morning made a fuss over our 4month old baby scarlett who was happy to see them every day! And made us feel welcome all the time we seen them!.   Thankyou gregory.  The crewdson/sims family.
bubble_50	Love the Gregory. Room spacious which is rare in New York. Extra large king bed,great storage,bathroom basic. Staff very helpful. If one complaint there was a ( not really sure) air condioner unit outside out bedroom unit ( not the Hotel) that started making the noise of marbles been spun in metal tins.this only got worse as days went by,instead of been between 12and 6am,into all day. When notified,front desk ,"nothing to do with us as not ours".Besides that would definitely stay again just ask for a room a bit more isolated.even one fronting street would be quieter.
bubble_30	Staff were friendly but not particularly sharp/well trained. Room was standard size (small) for NYC, not a problem. Decor is a cheap imitation of the boutique/retro NY style that is trendy now. The lobby bathroom is down in an unmaintained basement and is in desperate need of renovation. The rooms themselves could also do with an overhaul, especially the windows.  My shower/bath had hair on the wall. I'm not easily grossed out but it was obvious that it wasn't thoroughly cleaned. The noisey a/c units run constantly - honestly I like the white noise but I could see it being really bothersome for others. Bed was fine - pretty comfortable. Bathroom fixtures were updated and good pressure/hot water/etc.  For better options in the area, try the Archer, Strand, Refinery, or the
bubble_40	We stayed at Gregory for our honeymoon in September and the reason we choose this hotel was of the location. Since it was our first time in NYC we thought the location was perfect to explore the city.  Clean rooms and comfy bed, nice decorated lobby and friendly reception desk.  However on our departure on 23rd Sept early morning (arnd 4:30am) the reception and the gentleman standing next to her was not friendly and helphul at all. we had 4 luggages with us and they did not bother to assist us to transfer the luggages to the taxi and not even open the door for us. Last impression of the hotel not good and in fact due to this event I would not stay in Gregory during my 2nd visit in NYC next year.
bubble_50	I found this hotel on QANTAS.com, seemingly a special price.  Seemed an okay price, as far as Manhattan goes...A boutique hotel with a fascinating history.  Turns out it's in a great location.  On West 35th St, between 5th and 6th Ave, Macy's at the end of the street or 5th Ave at the other end.  The R train has a stop right at the corner and it's a good train for a lot of visitors to see major sights.  Gotta do the subway, it's fairly efficient and it's air conditioned!!  The rooms are quite nice.  We had 2 queen beds, they are quite high, lovely pillows.  A bathtub in the bathroom.  All the rooms have refrigerated air-con.  2 downsides would be the lifts were breaking down the whole time, and the lighting in our room was pretty minimal.  During the day we were able to get a
bubble_50	Alot of attention has been given to the decor of this old building in it's renovation.  It's eleyant and charming.  Our room was very nicely appointed, and the beds could not have slept better. The staff is finely trained and very accommodating.  Matthew was extremely personable and helpful with directions for these first time visitors to the Big Apple!  Coffee mornings was always ready in the lobby and service was cheerful and accommodating.  We were easy walking distance to Times Square, the New Amsterdam Theater (Alladin was superb!), Rockefeller Center, Macy's, Penn Station and plenty of good food and pubs (including Brennan's which is adjacent to the Gregory).   Lots of reasons to recommend!  Thanks staff for helping make our adventure more memorable!
bubble_50	Wonderful Hotel with fantastic staff.  The rooms are a good size with everything required for a holiday to New York.  the rooms are clean and tidy and kept that throughout your stay.    The decor is quirky and individual - boutique style.  The framed pictures and black, white and grey colours makes it all seem very clean cut and distinguished.   The staff are all very friendly and helpful and ready to offer any assistance required.   The location is fantastic, central and close to most tourist sites, with a subway station at the end of the road, linking to everywhere else.   The hotel is linked to Brendan's next door, a restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner along with a bar full of tasty beverages.    Check out time was midday but the Hotel offered to look after our
bubble_40	This is my third hotel in NY and i liked this of all three.  Good rooms, the only one which had water bottle in the room. Good beds and comfortable bathrooms. Right in the middle of things,  you can walk around NY from this place. Weekends stays are expensive in NY and weekdays are cheaper
bubble_30	Old building , the safe broken, expensive parking for car and everything you can hear it from street even if you at higher floors  The location was great near to macys and the beds was comfortable  The staff friendly
bubble_40	The Gregory is clearly an old hotel that is reliving it's glory days. The entrance is easy to miss so pay attention. Because of it's age, the elevator, stairwells, hallways, and doorways are very narrow. The room is clean and nicely decorated. Their personal line of bathroom products are more masculine in aroma but pleasant. The air conditioning in the center of the hotel is very noisy and can be heard several floors up with the windows closed. The morning tea and coffee are nice.
bubble_50	This has got to be one of the better hotels I've stayed in . The location was great had easy access to where we wanted to go on our day trips . It was amazing to be greeted by such attentive and enthusiastic staff who actually seemed to want to be there especially Matt who was a little ray of joy the staff in the breakfast bar were very courteous .
bubble_30	My stay is summed up in one word: disappointing. And that is being kind. The staff are simply miserable (bar the doormen), the air conditioners are noisy and the bathrooms dated. The plug for the bath is at the wrong end! The environment is awful and messy.
bubble_10	the MOMENT you need anything, the staff disappears. The manager doesn't answer the phone or return calls. I have never stayed at a hotel with this type of service issue.    There are way too many nice hotels in the area...don't bother because once the Gregory gets your money they could care less about service and experience.
bubble_50	We enjoyed a fabulous weekend and were treated so graciously by the friendly and helpful staff.  The location was so convenient and within walking distance to everything that was on our agenda.  The hotel itself was lovely to experience with it's interesting architecture; a visit to the past with all  the amenities of current times.   I Can't stress, what a hidden gem this hotel is! Thank You, I look forward to a return trip.  Maureen & Tom H
bubble_50	We stayed in two rooms on the 10th floor for a very comfortable stay! The coffee/tea service in the morning in the lobby was great! Very clean and comfortable. And the staff were excellent! Friendly, helpful and just the best! Great big smiles from them all especially Matthew! And the Irish pub "Brendan's" next door was so much fun too!   We had a great stay in New York City! Thanks everyone!  The Four Girls from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
bubble_40	Addressing the basics first: the hotel is in an excellent location if you want to access the standard tourist attractions of New York. Even if you don't you cant beat the convenience of being right at the subway, across from Macy's and close to heaps of excellent eateries (cheap and cheerful and high end).  There are two aspects of the Gregory that make it stand out from other hotels I have experienced in New York. Firstly, the staff. They uniformly created an atmosphere like home which I think in any hotel is difficult to achieve. Their customer service was faultless. And secondly there's the room which was massive by New York standards.   Some reviewers complain of having no view but I cant say I've ever had a 'view' from a NY hotel room and I kind of like the authenticity of
bubble_30	Staff very friendly and helpful. Clean, in room safe. This is an older hotel that has had a fairly successful renovation so the room and bathroom was nice and fairly large for New York. The only problem is that the windows do not block outside street noise, which is a common problem in older "boutique" New York hotels. If you are used to ambient noise or can sleep with ear plugs this is a great hotel. If you are a light sleeper used to "quiet" then this may not be the hotel for you.
bubble_30	Got a decent rate on Hotwire. Got a small room with an alley view. That's fine, it was a below market rate.  Comfortable queen bed.  Brendan's pub attached was nice.  Good location not far from Penn Station.  Bathroom small with funky plastic lined tub.  No bar soap.  Body wash dispenser did not work.    Not bad for quick stay but not great either.
bubble_40	We booked a room here last minute as our planned booking was awful... The staff were very helpful and got us checked in immediately. Unique hotel in a great location, decor of a boutique hotel, really nice. Our room was very small but that is what is expected for price and central Manhattan. Free coffee in the morning was a nice touch.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel, was a lovely building and the staff were brilliant, my son said best bed he had slept in,in a long time.Very clean and tidy would love to come back soon. Perfect central location for everything
bubble_50	From the minute we arrived till we left, the staff were so friendly and accommodating.  The customer service was excellent. From Victor at reception who was always smiling and gave us a great room to Bogdan at the front door who always had a smile and time for a chat, to Matthew who managed to get us a taxi to the airport when none wanted to stop after our travel company failed to show for our trip back to JFK.  Also a mention to Slava who didn't stop until he fixed our faulty bath plug.  They were all brilliant!  I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.
bubble_40	The Gregory is a lovely hotel situated in the heart of Manhattan - the Empire State Building is only a few minutes away and is right on 5th avenue - what could be better!! An easy walk to most of the tourism spots in Manhattan and has a metro stop at the end of the road for places further a field. Lovely staff, always very friendly and bed linen is changed daily which was refreshing after the muggy heat! Only complaint and it's a small one is the air con in the room is quite noisy so we constantly had it on and off and there was no main light in our room (but plenty of lamps) Would recommend!!
bubble_50	We stayed at the Gregory in August and could not fault the service or the friendliness of the staff.   It is very central to most of the attractions and has a subway very close . The rooms were clean and although the bathroom is small it was very clean and adequate for our stay. We loved it here.
bubble_40	The staff at this hotel were amazing. The Gregory is centrally located near Times Square and right next to the Empire State Building. The room was clean and well-appointed with modern furnishings. My biggest complaint is that we could not connect to the wifi from our room. We were in a corner room (room 509) but the hotel is not that wide so it was strange that we could not connect. We had no issues connecting from the lobby. We called down and asked about this but the staff just insisted that it was working and were not helpful. The outlet under the desk was also not working (tried with hairdryer and phone chargers) and when we called about that we were told someone would come look at it, but it was never fixed during our 4-night stay. However, despite this issue the staff were
bubble_10	I am not sure where to start. My room and bathroom were dirty, had one lamp for light, one window was damaged and you could not see out, the views from all other windows were of a dirty rooftop, the hotel has no doorman to help with baggage or taxis. I have stayed in many NYC hotels and was looking to try somewhere new - never again. Unacceptable conditions, especially for the price point.
bubble_40	Our stay at The Gregory was a very positive experience. We stayed six nights around the middle of August and could not have asked for anything more for the price that we paid. Our room was fairly reasonable in size for being a boutique in downtown NYC. In our party there were four men needing our own beds. We brought two air mattresses (single) that made for a tight fit though it still worked. The cleaning service even dressed our air mattresses and made them each day. Really great experience and I wouldnt hesitate to visit again. Good pizza across the way and one of the best bagel shops not too far down the road. The area is good for a tourist visiting the for the first time as it is central however the area lacks nostalgia that you can find in our of the neighborhoods (Meat
bubble_40	We had a great stay at the Gregory. The staff was great, very friendly. The location is perfect, close to everything, easy to get around town from here. Subway on the corner, easy walking distance to Time Square, the Empire State Building, shopping, etc.
bubble_40	We stayed at The Gregory for 5 nights whilst visiting from the uk as a family of 4. Ideally located for access to the common attractions by foot or by tube at the end of the road. We arrived by train into Penn station just a couple of blocks away and departed by Greyhound slightly further away but still walkable. Our room was on the 11th floor at the back so we weren't disturbed by any noise.  The room was small with two queen beds with a small gap to gain access to a walk in wardrobe with free safe deposit box. The small bathroom had a window. Complementary bottles of water left daily in the room and a fully functional fridge.  Beds were very comfortable. Air con worked fine although noisy and blew out across the bed so I was worried I'd wake with a stiff neck but this wasn't
bubble_20	Stayed August 2016.  No blind on one of the windows so got little or no sleep. Night Reception Staff didn't seem to care and were very rude.   No safety deposit box in our room, even though advertised.  The Manager wasn't available or wouldn't discuss the matter.  We booked hotel because of the seemingly excellent reviews but they are not entirely accurate.  There are plenty of better hotels in New York. It's a shame really, as it is a lovely building,
bubble_10	My reservation was through booking.com it was a one night stay from 30th of August 2016 until the 31st of August 2016.  I was charged for the full amount by the hotel as soon as I did the reservation although it was a free cancellation no prepayment reservation.  I was not able to show up on the 30th of August at 4:30 PM for check-in because I did not find a flight to New York, so I showed up with-in my reservation at 7:00 AM on 31st of August 2016 and I was planning to check-out at 12:00 PM on the same day.  When I showed up at the hotel a VERY RUDE BLACK front desk lady named "Michael" cancelled my reservation and label it as a "no show". Because I did not show up on the 30th of August with out informing me! She also created a new two nights reservation and charged me for it!!
bubble_40	Not knowing what to expect I arrived at the Gregory, 42 W 35th Street in New York City, Sunday night, 7th of August, 3 hours delayed with a flight lacking toilets, on top of the delay. A delay caused by, guess what, faulty toilets. As you may guess I was tired and frustrated, yet excited to be in new York, the city that never sleeps, for the first time.  From the moment the cab driver unloaded our luggage the staff of the Gregory delivered above expected.   The staff came out and helped us, nice and friendly and still not overwhelming. The service was excellent, matching what Ive experienced at its best anywhere Ive been.  Old fashioned and cool interior, small but nice and above all CLEAN rooms made me feel at home.  The hotell was first established around the early 1900s
bubble_10	I booked through Travelocity 5 nights at this hotel. I will never book or stay with them again. They are rude on the phone and inflexible. I explained I had to cancel my trip due to a VERY sick child. I have a doctor's note. They first told me they would refund and then the manager got on the phone and refused. I have lost FIVE NIGHTS! I am coming back to NEW YORK soon and they will not even re-book me! They will resell my 5 nights, this is basically theft. Do not stay here.
bubble_50	It was wonderful! The hotel spent 8 days. The room looks exactly like the pictures and is new and lovely !! Decorated very tastefully and is large (guess 20 square meters). Because it was our 1st wedding anniversary got a bottle prosseco, for which I like to thank. The beds are huge and extremely comfortable. On the bed was up 6 pillows;) and the bedding was very clean. The service was very friendly and always smiling. The lobby was free water and free coffee / tea. We are flying out late in the evening and left our luggage in the luggage room ($ 6 for 5 luggage).  A bit noise but  come on, it's New York :)
bubble_40	The hotel has a great location ( half a block away from the Empire state building and half a  block away from Macys) though the hotel street is where all the loading and unloading of trucks is happening therefore loads of garbage to be found in the evening -the bed is VERY comfy and the room is quite spacious with lovely decoration  -loved the scent of the toiletries in dispensers -hotel lobby very nicely decorated and typically "boutique hotel feel "  -the housekeeping definitely was a hit-miss ( we had to write a note every day to get stuff replenished or it would not be done,was not vacuum every day and bed just re-made .. we stayed 8 nights ). I dont think this is acceptable to have to re-ask every day for regular stuff to be done. -staff at the reception not the nicest ;
bubble_50	We had a wonderful stay at The Gregory- the location is incredibly convenient for a Manhattan vacation. The rooms are certainly boutique-y in the feel - ours felt a bit more like a classic studio than a hotel room, and while there were some nuances to the room (a short step up to the bathroom), the room overall was great, the internet was solid, and folks with a strong preference for boutique rooms would probably really love the character of the hallway and rooms. The lobby area is good enough for what it needs to be, while not heavy on amenities. Overall, I'd strongly recommend the property, especially if you're looking for central location, and a great stay, but don't need excessive amenities and prefer a boutique feel.
bubble_50	Just back from an amazing stay at The Gregory. Staff accommodated late check-out/early check-in as we switched into a bigger room. Subway stop is on the same block (30 second walk), one stop to Times Square or Union Square (Q). Rooms are beautiful, beds are comfortable. It's a great value for this area of the city. The bar in the lobby was great. Free coffee in the morning. Many restaurants and great shopping all within walking distance. Special thank you to Matthew (head bellman) for all his assistance and generosity.  Be sure to treat him well as he will do the same for you.
bubble_40	This hotel is in a perfect spot for visiting New York. Make sure you eat and drink at the Irish bar across the road - not really 'Irish', very American in fact, but lovely staff, great food, and great atmosphere. Much much better than Brandons which is attached to the hotel which clearly has delusions of grandeur. Also there's a great Korean buffet place across the road. On the negative side, the air con units in the rooms are very very loud so if you need silence to sleep it may not be the place for you. Oh, and don't pay for their breakfasts - absolutely not worth it and very expensive. The lobby staff are lovely but housekeeping is poor - they gave a cursory clean to our room so much of the bathroom was not cleaned during our week long stay and we kept having to ask for
bubble_40	The Gregories location is perfect for anyone on a short vacation with the main goal to discover Manhatten and New York Cities busy hustle. Room was nice and I liked the style of furniture even though it wasn't too spacious, which is normal in Manhatten I guess.
bubble_50	We were thrilled to find this hotel for our visit to NYC.  It's a 10 minute walk from Penn Station, the Empire State Building right around the corner and Times Square and theatre district a 15 minute walk.  The hotel staff were outstanding, can't say enough nice things about them: very helpful, kind, friendly, great with our 10 year old daughter!  The hotel lobby beautiful and the rooms very clean with comfortable beds and accomodations.  The food at the hotel restaurant was so good we ate there a couple of times.  Can't wait to go back just to stay at the Gregory!!
bubble_30	The stay was good. However, there were stains on the bedsheet when we initially arrived and the room was freezing. I had to tell the front desk to increase the heat 3 times, as you cannot regulate it yourself. They did lend me a shovel to clean my car and were attentive, so that's a plus
bubble_50	Took my partner for his 30th birthday and the hotel was brilliant and very trendy, the staff were great, the room was stylish and modern, huge bed, the hotel stored our baggage, ordered us a car to the airport, recommended great restaurants and gave us free coffee in the mornings! The location is fantastic right next to Penn station and Herald Square station and 5 minutes walk from Times Square!! Would definitely stay there again!!
bubble_50	Met family from Texas in July for three days.  Love the stay, great old hotel.  All of the employees did a great job making us confident about the choices we made for entertainment and sight seeing.  Loved the water with all of the fruit!  We came in roasted from the heat and the water was refreshing.
bubble_50	Everything went super smoothly at this hotel. The staff were all fantastic. Helpful and friendly at all times. The location is perfect. Just in the middle of every thing a tourist would want. The rooms as a good size, the bed is very very comfortable. Very convenient hotel!
bubble_30	I like there location, rooms are so limited size and no coffees at room also the lobby very busy at morning.. Internet acceptable but if you stop working in it, you should to reconnecting!! Overall am happy to stay here and there is a good staff working here. I wish you great time in New York
bubble_40	It's tough to find a value for money hotel in New York but The Gregory provides that. On top of that it's in a great location. I stayed for 9 nights and didn't use the Metro once despite my having a rechargeable Metro card. It was an easy walk to the Theatre district, the Upper West and East side, to Chelsea and Greenwich.   The room I occupied was a good size for New York with a full size and comfortable bed, a good size bathroom (shower over bath) and large closet.  The room has a fridge (empty), ice bucket (ice comes from machines in the 3rd and 12th floors) but no tea and coffee facilities, although free coffee is provided in the lobby until 11.00am and paper cups are supplied in the room for taking to fill with coffee.  The hotel offers free wifi which I found adequate for
bubble_40	stayed for the weekend at The Gregory. Location was great. Staffs were friendly. Room was nice and clean. The bed was comfortable. Enjoyed the free morning coffee and the infused ice water at the lobby. Heard that they are going to do some renovation soon. The elevator needed to be updated (it was slow and outdated) and a fan should be installed in the bathroom. Overall, it was a nice stay at The Gregory.
bubble_30	The location of this hotel is perfect, 180 meters from the subway station Herald Square. Empire State Building is one block away. The rooms were small and pretty basic, so was the breakfast. But since New Work is a city where you should not be In the hotel it was OK to sleep.
bubble_40	The Gregory is a small boutique hotel just off Fifth Avenue and behind Herald Square (Macey's). The location is fantastic and within easy walk for most of the main attractions but if not the subway is at the end of the road and Penn Station a short walk away. The Gregory is in an old (for New York) building which was originally built as a hotel known as the Gregorian. It is quirky with original features still on show including photos of the building from years gone by. The adjacent bar and restaurant Brendans Bar & Grill' which can be accessed via the hotel is magnificent and the food of a good quality and reasonably priced. The hotel staff are very helpful and friendly and nothing is too much trouble whether its calling a taxi or storing your luggage prior to departure. Plus
bubble_40	My teenaged daughter and I stayed for 9 nights and couldn't have chosen a better hotel. We loved the central location in the fashion district, with Macy's and Herald Square at the end of the street and the Empire State building in the street behind - which made for a great landmark indicating 'home' as we explored the city.  The staff were excellent, the dcor very charming and stylish, and our room was great - especially the super comfortable beds.  Although our room only had a view of a back alleyway, the upside was we didn't hear a lot of any street noise. As an added bonus, Brendan's, the bar/restaurant attached to the hotel, was also excellent. Thank you for a great stay!
bubble_50	A very cozy designed hotel, with a great staff that do everything is possible to help you in al your needs. We got one of the new refurnished room, and it looks a little bit small but after you come in you'll see that is the exactly what you want. The hotel is located in a very good place near to Macy's ands a metro station. You won't need car for nothing if you stay at this hotel. Very good.
bubble_50	After extensive research of NYC hotels and reading hundreds of reviews, I decided on the The Gregory for its charm and the rave reviews. This is a great hotel, central to everything. The staff is excellent, especially Matt. From the moment he greeted us on the first day to our departure on day 5, he remained genuine, hospitable, and especially entertaining to the children. The decor is perfect - old New York meets modern New York. The toiletries smell great. I give The Gregory five stars; however, I do have some, albeit small, observations to share. While the beds are comfortable, I would have preferred a duvet cover over the duvet instead of a flat bed sheet. The sheets were clean, but one had a small tear, which I guess can be expected as they go through the wash/cycle so
bubble_50	My wife and I spent 8 nights at this hotel and have nothing but good things to say about it.  Super friendly staff, very accommodating to our requests, everyone greets you with a smile!  Our room on the tenth floor was very clean and tidy, in black and white shades, with lots of space, a very efficient A/C, comfortable bed with lots of pillows, big windows, large TV, storage space for our luggage, to mention a few.  The bathroom was very well thought out, given that there was a bathtub and a full size sink!  Also the WiFi was strong and fast throughout the hotel and the login process was easy. Overall it was an A+++ experience, highly recommended!
bubble_10	The pictures on website are not even close to actual hotel. The staff dressed unprofessionally and carried a curt unwelcoming attitude. The room was dingy, not fresh smelling, felt that the windows were unsafe . The bathroom had a  horrible mildew smell, bath tub was old and beat up. I have not seen any bathroom like that other then in a third world county commercial asking for money for hungry children on TV at midnight. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone that hopes to live a long and happy life.
bubble_40	Although over a century old, The Gregory has been refurbished and offers all the convenience of a modern hotel. The rooms are sufficient in size and offer free WiFi. On the downside, the bathrooms are miniscule and a trip to the toilet can be quite a challenge.  Service is great. The room staff are friendly and accommodating (trying to earn their tips?) and the front office is equally helpful. Macys is only two blocks away, past several subway entrances. Times Square is a 20 minute stroll. Central park is within walking reach for the adventurous. Otherwise the subway can deliver you to the Statten Island ferry in about 6 stops and the Highline in 4.  Central Park is about 4 in the opposite direction
bubble_50	I love this hotel. From the fantastic "do not disturb" door hangers (tied ties) to the refreshing high end apothik products in the bathroom-this hotel has it all. Recently renovated, the Gregory screams hipster, but in a really good way. The rooms are clean and tastefully decorated. The bed was insanely comfortable, and the location was perfect for my needs (had some meetings right around the corner). Anytime I need to be in that part of Manhattan, The Gregory is my go to!
bubble_50	My sister and I have spent "sisters' week" in New York staying at the Gregory (formerly Comfort Inn, Hotel 35) 15 times.  The hotel is beautifully redone and is in a fantastic location in a very safe neighborhood, which is important to us as we are "vintage people".  The staff is the best part of the hotel - friendly, efficient, knowledgeable, professional, helpful.  They keep us coming back.  Everyone treated us as returning family and went out of their way to make our stay memorable so I am reluctant to name names in case I misspell or forget someone.  But Matthew the doorman is exceptional.  He is always eager to get us information and we often need offbeat information . He knows the city well.  A fine representative for the hotel.  We will of course return to the Gregory for
bubble_50	The staff at the Gregory was so warm and friendly I couldn't believe I was in NYC. The room was beautifully recently refurbished and I highly recommend this place to stay in Midtown. Though the air conditioner loudly shut off and on throughout the night, it was necessary to use it during this warm summer in the city so it was worth it. The free tea and coffee in the morning was such a nice touch.
bubble_30	I booked a room here with my 11 yo daughter. We stayed in room 308 which was a small, quaint, queen room with only a   sideboard housing a mini fridge, desk and chair. This would definitely be a tight space for two adults. Had an OK view of the Empire State Bldg and the necessary amenities in the bathroom. We were always warmly greeted by the doormen both coming and going. Desk staff was nice if they were engaged otherwise oblivious to us. We checked in around 8pm and unfortunately, I was not informed of the bottled water and coffee were free, thus, wasting $40+ on those during our stay. We did enjoy the small cup of infused water available near the elevators (which BTW, could use a coat of lemon oil on the leather.)  The Gregory is in a fantastic Midtown location near at
bubble_40	The room was clean albeit on the small side but given the hotel's location directly in midtown with easy walking distance to the Empire State Building, NY Public Library and Times Square this is geared towards folks wishing to explore the city and not live in their room.  The staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating. All in all, a very good experience
bubble_40	Thought I had reviewed  this at the time of our trip but it seems not! Great location, easy walk to all the major sights.  Reasonable sized rooms. Refurb work was just coming to its end when we stayed and it looks great...especially the lobby. Surprisingly quite location, so good nights sleep....comfy beds. Great!
bubble_40	Great location near to Herald Square tube station, ten minutes walk from Times Square. Friendly staff, complimentary coffee in the morning. On the down side the room was fairly small room and the air con was noisy but a smart hotel and fine for a flying visit to New York.
bubble_20	Will not stay again. The A/C was worthless. They place is not very clean. There was more dust on our room than on the streets of NYC. The doors out side of the room going to the lifts are very heavy and loud. Our room was next to the on the doors and we were kept up all night with people coming in and out. The bottle water they provided in our room had been open and half drank. Nasty.  Our door lock was broken and have get maintenance  to let us in the room. Web side claims free wifi...the wifi never worked. We ask the staff over and over and they said it was only our floor. We had to go to the lobby to use the wifi for the 2 days we were there.  Waste of money.
bubble_40	I first learned of The Gregory through a TripAdvisor member email.  They were offering really good rates ($130/nt+taxes) for NYC.  Although I booked through TA, I emailed a confirmation request to the Gregory a few days before our stay June 27-30.  They promptly responded that they had our info.  Upon check in (and every time we came or left) they greeted us pleasantly.  They actually read your reservation special requests and try to accommodate.  My niece and I stayed in room 709 with a king bed, view of the Empire State Building, and not too disturbing street noise.  Our room was quite small but nicely appointed.  The building has a lot of charm and history.  As can be with old buildings, we did have to call maintenance our first night when we blew a breaker by running the
bubble_40	Aside from the fact this place is clean, comfortable, and convenient, the customer service blew us away. The doorman was incredible. He held our luggage after we arrived. We happened to pass him on a street later that afternoon and not only did remember us, he came up, said hi and assured us our luggage was being taken care of by the next doorman on shift. Who does that? Morning coffee service in the lounge/bar was excellent as well. Very nice guy working in the bar. Will definitely stay here next time in NYC.
bubble_40	I live about an hour outside NYC, so I rarely stay overnight. I booked The Gregory to stay with family visiting from out of town. I would normally not prefer to stay in mid-town, but it was a great central location for all the sights my family wanted to see. I also booked the Gregory due to the fact that we had 3 guests and they were the only hotel in our search that offered a King bed plus a pull-out couch (vs two double beds) and was reasonably priced. We were also delighted to find that we had a view of the Empire State Building!  The decor of the hotel is really nice. Classic but with a modern feel. The staff at the hotel was very friendly. Nice bar downstairs for a drink at the end of the night. They also served coffee (free!) and pastries for breakfast.
bubble_30	Recently stayed at The Gregory for business. The staff was very friendly with the doorman taking my luggage and escorting me to the reception area. The hotel has an old and nostalgic charm with books and antiques decorating the reception area. The hotel my understanding dates back to the early 1900's and must have been quite popular in its hay day. Their is an adjacent Irish restraint serving breakfast, lunch and dinner which is convenient. Most of the key attractions such as Times Square is within 20 - 30 minute walking distance. Overallgood hotel if you are looking for a boutique hotel but not so much if you are seeking modern with all hotel amenities.
bubble_50	We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel and found it brilliant. The hotel is in a good central location for getting around the city, the staff was wonderful and couldn't do enough for you. Rooms are lovely and clean.
bubble_50	Stayed here twice now for work, total of 5 days overall. Be sure to upgrade to the King from the Queen room, price difference isn't too big but the room is MUCH larger and you gain counter space in the bathroom. Queen room just had a pedestal sink and I have too many products to not have counter space.   Not a ton of amenities provided outside of water and pump soaps, but I love the beds and the doorman Matt who is the most helpful and friendly guy.
bubble_30	This is a very quaint hotel and the rooms are lovely and it is a great location. The staff weren't overly helpful or friendly and a few times we were given misinformation which was very disappointing. The reception staff were often disengaged.
bubble_50	The reception and bellhop were incredible. Matt provided exceptional service and went out of his way to entertain and delight my 3 little boys. The kind woman checking us in arranged adjoining rooms that were spacious and tastefully decorated (one was a king and the adjoining had two doubles) . The set-up for our family of 5 was perfect!
bubble_30	We stayed in The Gregory during the busiest week in May, so paid considerably over the normal rate, but that was the case everywhere.  On arrival, they did what many hotels are now doing - hold the full payment on my credit card - which I completely disagree with. It means I can't access my funds during my stay and if I used a different card to check out, the funds take 10 business days to be returned. As it turned out, I paid for the 3 nights there and then; if I wasn't going to be able to access the funds, at least I wouldn't have to wait for 10 days to have it returned.  The room we were assigned was tiny - my reason for choosing The Gregory was the rooms were said to be bigger than usual - and the one window was up against a wall. We requested a bigger room, preferably with
bubble_50	From the moment we stop our car in front of The Gregory, we were warmly greeted by all staff, provided wonderful assistance planning our 2 day trip to Manhattan, and given great service and advice when needed.  The room was very comfortable and clean and location was perfect for our trips to the Broadway theaters and restaurants and convenient to the subway when we went to visit the 9-11 museum and memorial park.   The only missing feature for a coffee addict like myself was the lack of  a coffee brewery in the room for night time coffee.  The morning coffee service in the lobby was terrific and it was a perfect time to discuss plans for the day with the staff in a comfortable setting. I would recommend The Gregory to anyone for business, couples, and families.
bubble_30	Five night stay. Found the hotel very comfortable and a good base for walking around Manhattan. Subway stop on the same street for reaching other boroughs. Staff generally friendly and helpful. The doorman was particularly lovely. Being seated for check in is a nice touch and the process is swift but I feel only because queries weren't actually listened to. We were asked to swipe a card for extras. I asked if the card I was supplying would be charged the full rate of the stay or if I could use a different one to settle up when leaving. Was told only the daily rate for extras/incidentals was being held on the card provided and would be released if we didn't end up using any extras, e.g. Minibar. When checking out I was told the full cost of our stay had already been processed on
bubble_30	Been at the Gregory first time last week and will be back again July . I decided to stay in this place because is closer to my new NY office. PRO: clean, new, nice cafeteria at the lobby, convenient location, easy procedures of check in\out, professional staff CONS: for business men like me is not acceptable the WIFI that is not working very well. Please improve for my next stay thanks
bubble_10	The Gregory Hotel NYC is the worst mistake I've ever made since my family and I started traveling to NYC! Even though I just arrived at the hotel, I already thought of canceling our reservation. Please let me explain why this has been such a bad experience for us.  This is a historic (read: outdated) hotel which is said to be renovated in 2015, but there are tons of things that need to be repaired. The elevator is super slow, and there were scratches all over the place inside the elevator. The hallways look old and not well-cleaned, such that my sister commented that it looks like a scene from an horror movie. The room is not well-lighted with only 2 lamps, and there were dust in the room when we first entered. I walked barefoot on the carpet, and my feet were dirty within
bubble_50	My family booked this hotel for a week vacation in New York at the end of May. This was our first time in New York and a special gift to my parents for their 30 wedding anniversary! When I first booked for the place, I put in the notes just give us a room with a view. When I got there the front desk people were friendly, kind and very helpful. Check in was fast and efficient. When we got to the room I was sooo disappointed, the windows faced a wall, couldn't see anything but bricks. Ah well, its not like you get a hotel on a vaca to stay in it all day. But literally 30 mins into getting in the room, surprisingly got a call from the manager, Lydia. When i told her i was a little disappointed about the view, she said she would upgrade us and even sent wine for my parents, (which
bubble_50	We had a room on the 6th floor, not noisy, air conditioning unit worked well, safe and fridge in the room. The bed was comfortable and the pillows were soft but firm, great for a good nights sleep. Bottled water supplied every day. Good wi fi connection. The staff were polite and friendly, very helpful. The use of the computer and printer in the basement was ideal for checking in online before leaving for the airport. An extractor fan in the bathroom window would be a good idea as the bathroom did get a little steamy.
bubble_50	My friends and I stayed here on a girls weekend. Cute, little hotel in an amazing location - just one block from Macy's and Herald Square - and a Metro stop right on the corner. Very friendly staff, as well. The room also came with a safe and a fridge which was handy.
bubble_40	Turn of the century finishes - marble stairs, black and white bathroom tile. Very comfortable mattress. Ironing board & iron, safe in closet .Upscale toiletries, incl.hairdryer. Very friendly staff. Coffee is served in bistro area of first floor.
bubble_40	Really enjoyed our stay.  Always someone at the front desk to help. Good coffee!  Location was great. Room was clean and quiet. Great deal on price for room.  Interesting to be near Korea town.  Would definitely go back.
bubble_50	Stayed for 6 nights at The Gregory from 2/6/16 with my daughter and her friend for my daughter's 21st birthday. I can't praise the hotel and it's staff enough, the location is perfect close to all the major attractions of the city, our room was great always kept clean by Janet had 2 double beds, bath and shower with free toiletries, all the staff were fabulous always willing to help with directions, big shout out to Phil on the bar and Matt on the door. Would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to New York I will definitely be going back. Also had free Wi fi which is always a plus.
bubble_50	Stayed as a family of 4 for 4 nights. We booked via expedia last year and got a fantastic deal (possibly because the renovations were still being carried out at that point) This hotel is a stones throw from everything New York has to offer and has been sympathetically renovated, retaining some beautiful features (orignal lift/ staircases/ marble floors) The room was lovely and very spacious, walk in wardrobe/ tv/ fridge/ ironing board & iron/ hairdrier and big fluffy bath robes. We had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building which looked so beautiful lit up a night. The beds were so comfortable but as someone else has already mentioned they were rather high! being a mere 5ft, I literally had to climb in and out! The bathroom was very well modernised in keeping with the
bubble_30	This is excellent location, A stones throw from Macy's and the Empire State Building.   Just to warn anyone given room 408, don't take it. It's tiny and pokey and in a black hole for wifi. We couldn't access internet on our devices so planning our days had to be done in the lobby. Also there's trapped water in the Lino of the bath and so when you stand to take a shower it feels like you're balancing on a life raft! When we complained the hotel staff knew of the wifi problem and one told us there's a computer in the basement (kind of missing the point with what guests want from their hotel room) and another offered to change rooms, which we accepted but all a lot of faff when you're only staying in a hotel for two days and it's meant to be a special treat.  This annoyed me; that
bubble_40	Stayed for 5 nights, celebrating special birthdays for our children 21st and 18th had a great time. Hotel was central brilliant base. We had room 1206 which had a view of Empire State Building. Would of loved coffee in the room but wasn't an issue to pop downstairs and get a free coffee. Room was lovely very clean bathroom with toiletries and hairdryer was great. Majority of staff really friendly. Would highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	This hotel is very accessible due to the fact that it sits a stone throw from the subway offering Q,R,N.....etc. And another stones throw from 5th ave and Macy's, but you only need to look at a map of NYC to see that. What we were not expecting was a view of the Empire State Building from our bedroom, which really added to our overall experience. Our room was lovely, plenty of storage (little walk in wardrobe) good size bathroom and very comfortable bed. Hotel staff were helpful and polite. The coffee press only offers filter coffee in the morning which was a little weak for me. However they were more than happy to make a 'proper' coffee but you paid extra. This being New York though there were 3 Starbucks and plenty of other coffee providers within a easy bleary eyed stagger.
bubble_40	This boutique hotel is centrally located (Midtown) with convenient access to the subway, shops, restaurants.   Found al the staff to be very welcoming, helpful and friendly which makes your stay enjoyable. The rooms were exactly as advertised on the website, spacious, clean, comfortable, nice beds (2 doubles in my room) and pillows, although the beds were a little high. (don't let the height put you off, I'm short). Plenty of hot water and adequate bathroom supplies. The air conditions were noisy, with the help of earplugs, this was sorted out.
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel on May 28-29th 2016. Beautiful room. Elevator worked fine. People at the front desk were friendly and helpful. I did not use the wifi so I do not know how well it works. The beds were comfortable, everything was very clean. The parking was a great deal, make sure you get your ticket validated at the front desk. Will definitely stay again.
bubble_40	As I haven't stayed in the most recent version I can tell you that the hotel has fantastic views close to the Empire State, and is very close to main attractions such as Broadway and Grand Central Station! The bar next-door offers amazing food at affordable prices. Very nice stay here.
bubble_40	Modern, contemporary decor. Room & bathroom were fairly clean (see further comments below).  Positives:- Hotel provides free freshly brewed coffee in the mornings and we were even served fresh-leaves mint tea in the morning! The room was spacious, clean, whilst the bathroom was bright and well decorated. Overall, it's tastefully refurbished and two member of staff went over and beyond to make us feel comfortable especially the hotel potter. He booked us a cab and helped us with directions, etc. All in all, the hotel cannot be faulted for their effort to making us feel comfortable & welcomed. The nicest touch is the fact that all the base of the lights have multiple USB and socket points so it's brilliant for charging and especially useful for international travellers!  Points to
bubble_50	had a four night stay at the Gregory, have to disagree with other ppl on here, we found it absolutely perfect, location,  second to non, the hotel is chic and a boutique style,  we couldnt find a single thing wrong with it, its an old style New York building, and has charm by the bucket load..... sure you can hear traffic,  sirens, the garbage man etc, but what do you expect in one of the busiest cities in the world. our room was at the back, so maybe its worse on the street.  reception staff could do with being a little more friendly,  the two lads on the bar  seemed to enjoy chatting more than serving, but thats just the New York way. as mention elsewhere, the 2 bell boys are excellent and very friendly. we would return in a heartbeat...and ps, the bathroom products are the
bubble_40	Central location, nice and large bed, friendly personnel who know their visitors (front desk, lobby), start of every morning with fresh coffee. Public transport is only a block away as well as empire state building and bryant park.
bubble_50	Has taken me a while to write this review.  Was at the Gregory in Jan this year.  I've been to NYC many many times and have stayed mostly in chain hotels - the usual somewhat dehumanizing fare.  Walking into the Gregory was like the proverbial breath of fresh air.  Felt instantly relaxed - almost like walking into your own living room.  Excellent dated decor. Friendly staff - Bell Captain requires a special mention. Good sized room and bath - unusual for NYC.  Short walk to 5th Ave and all transport.  Great value for money - I paid less than for a chain hotel in upstate NY.  I recommend this hotel highly.  AR - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
bubble_40	Overall hotel is nice, comfortable and quaint.  Some of the staff was friendly and had good recommendations for the area.  The room itself was spacious. I had enough room to move around and not feel constrained.  Loved that the room had a mini fridge so that I could bring back left overs or have drinks chilled.  It's in a perfect area next to the shopping and dining at Herald Square/Penn Station and MSG and less than 10 blocks from Times Square, Grand Central Station and the Theatre District.    The only challenge I had were the noise level from the street (police sirens or fire trucks every hour); the old vintage heater made incredibly loud noises at odd hours - it was not consistent but when it went off it was extremely loud; rain drops on the AC in the window - it was
bubble_50	Location is very good. Subway is 2 min on foot. A lot of sights (Empire State Building, Times Square, Grand Cental) are 20 min on foot. Macy's is 4 min on foot. Room is nice. WiFi is fast. Staff is very friendly.
bubble_10	The good: The staff were nice and genuinely wanted to help.   The bad: everything else. No hot water, no heat. Human hair painted into the bathroom door, stains on the carpet, wall and nigh stand. Frayed carpet. Peeling wallpaper. Nowhere to sit in the room.   I left early. The hotel says it's four stars but it felt like a crime scene. The door lock never worked during my stay - the staff had to accompany me to my room every single time I wanted to enter.   Do not stay at this hotel. Pity the staff. Stay away.
bubble_50	We found The Gregory on Booking.com.  What a great find.  Location was excellent...one block to the subway, centrally located for most tourist sites.  Great dining in the area.  The hotel was completely remodeled about a year ago and is very nice.  Free coffee in the morning and free wi-fi.  Connected to Brendans Irish Pub....good food and drinks.  Staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful.
bubble_40	Comfortable, well air-conditioned rooms, cute lobby, convenient location. Lovely staff, nice decor, clean and accommodating.  Had a great time staying at this hotel with my friend, will come back in the near future!
bubble_50	Everything was perfect! Special thanks to Victor and Andrew and the hole Team. The Gregory is located in the heart of NYC. We had an awesome view from our room to the Empire State Building.  We will definetly come again!
bubble_50	Last leg of a USA road trip for my partner and his father meeting up with me and his mother for 6 fabulous days in NY.  Hotel was clean, bed very comfortable, gorgeous Apotheke products in the bathroom and great coffee in the mornings down in the Lounge. The hotel was chosen because the parents are in their 70's so certain facilities and level of comfort was required. I was concerned that perhaps The Gregory might be slightly "stuffy" but this couldn't be further from the truth.The staff were fantastic - warm, friendly, soooo helpful and great characters, they really added to the parents first experience of NY. Location is wonderfully central for an older couple on their first visit - Macy's was a great hit! Thoroughly recommend eating at Brendan's next door - once part of the
bubble_10	We spent 3 nights at the Gregory. It was ok but for the price we paid I'd rather have added another 100$ and stay at eg the Ace Hotel.  The hotel might be renovated but looks a bit run down anyway. Be aware that rooms to the street even though on the 7th floor are really noisy as the windows are old and single glass only and the street seems to be the runway for the big delivery trucks to Macy's.  What really bothered us was the staff at the reception who were so unfriendly in all their attitude that you really did not at all felt welcomed as guests. I get NYC attitude. But come on, if you work in the hotel business a it of friendliness and a smile for your customer should not be asked too much. Oh and don't expect them to call a cab for you (especially in the rain)- they just
bubble_50	My mother took my Son & Myself for his 1st Holy Communion gift. I give The Gregory in Times Square a 5/5...This is due to the clean rooms,the views,the service,& the fact that they have a bar in the lobby& a great Restaurant connected by a door across from the elevators.& last but definitely not least were the Hotel's staff. If u get to go there ask for and talk to a Matthew C. He was one of the coolest people I met in New York,and we bonded over our love for the guitar(which he showed me before he called a taxi for us). I didn't know he played guitar and likes some of the same music I did until we were leaving on the last day. He is a very positive person,and good natured human being,with great guitar skill. We ended up talking so much he gave me his info,so next time I'm in
bubble_30	Best about hotel "Boogie" and Matt, very friendly,great characters. Fantastic location, 1 minute to Macy's, 3 minutes to Empire State building.(timed) Brendans bar and grill superb. Room spacious and beds so comfortable,bed linen good quality. No views, just a brick wall(didn't matter as was out most of time) Lift slowish but no problem. Negatives Rooms very dark, no main light just two lamps, no good for putting on make-up or plucking eyebrows! Not much light from window. Beds very high, no good if you are short like me, had to climb onto chair and then onto bed, such a pity as they are so comfortable. No tea/coffee making facilities in rooms, thought there would have been in lobby but tea and coffee served only between 6am and 10am and cost $3.50 per cup, sadly was horrible
bubble_30	I did not expect a large room, this being a vintage building in Manhattan.  The bathroom, however, was unforgivable.  It had no surface on which to put one's toiletries.  No edge on the sink, which was the size of a Corian dinner plate.  No ledge below the mirror.  Not even a hook on the back of the bathroom door.  Using the top of the toilet tank was not really feasible because it was up against the far wall and necessitated climbing over the edge of the tub to get there.  The bath lighting was inadequate.   The decor was elegant, B&W, high ceilings, crown molding, lovingly restored wood and spiral starcases. The lobby had free water flavored with fresh fruit slices.  The front desk was a table with staff seated behind tablets on stands, so the effect was space-saving and
bubble_50	We were here for 3 days and it was fantastic.  However, we were hardly ever in the room but when we were, it was very comfortable.  Great theme with the necktie as a Do not disturb trinket.  The bed was comfortable and really enjoyed the ice cold water in the fridge.  Our room overlooked the street at the hotel across the street.  Up on the 8th floor was very nice.  The staff was great and the bartender, can't remember his name, but he was full of NY stories.  Really enjoyed our stay here.
bubble_50	Spending 4 days at this hotel couldn't have been better.  Truly everyone my mom and I came in contact with were warm, welcoming, and made our stay even better.  The rooms were clean and modern with a cool "garment district" feel.  The location is also ideal for all kinds of exploring around the city.  So, from Gulbyie and MiLady at the front desk, Jasmine and Phil behind the bar, and Matt greeting everyone in the lobby I can't thank them all enough for such a wonderful time!
bubble_30	We spent 3 nights here, room was small but for just sleeping, adequate. The bed was huge and comfortable.  Tiny bathroom just big enough for one but again adequate. Room was cleaned well every day so no complaints there. As we had an early arrival and late departure our bags were looked after.  No breakfast but plenty of places around.  The road the hotel is on looks scruffy and as seems all around New York, rubbish everywhere.  Although noisy during the day we found it quiet later at night and we had a front room.  The basement where there is a toilet and gym needs attention though.  Most of the staff were really nice and helpful, more so the male staff members.  The female receptionists need a bit more training in customer relations! And I hate to say it but from their male
bubble_50	9.6 Excellent hotel! We LOVED the front desk staff, MiLady and Gulbyie, as well as Jasmine at the coffee/ breakfast bar. Especially Gulbyie, who was most gracious and warm, as well as professional and concerned that we were happy in our rooms and with our stay at The Gregory. Top-notch !!
bubble_50	Having stayed in NYC before this is by far the best location, 4 minute walk to Times Square, Macy's is 1 minute as it's just over the road, great restaurants/bars including Brendan's next door, the subway is on the corner of the block to take you down town or to Central Park and you're right next to the Empire State Building. When we booked we asked for a room with a view which definitely delivered, we were on the 12th (top floor) with a view of the Empire State Building. The staff on reception were very helpful and bar staff made us a complimentary coffee/tea every morning in the lobby. Room was a good size, bed was very comfortable and room was always clean although the windows could have done with a bit of a wipe. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and would
bubble_50	Stayed at the Gregory early April  Fantastic staff and very helpful Room on the 10th floor was pretty spacious with a comfortable king size bed, en suite, fridge, air conditioning flat screen TV and plenty of storage including safe  Unfortunately no coffee or tea facilities but this can be  Obtained free at the hotel bar area The hotel is ideal for sightseeing with a lot of attractions within a 20-30 minute walk including Empire State, Times Square, grand central the Rockefeller and many more  Macy's 5 minutes away The subway is at the top of the street 2minutes walk for other areas Brendan's bar and grille is connected to the hotel and the food and drink is fantastic  On checking out we left our luggage in the store as we had a late flight The hotel booked us our private
bubble_50	I traveled to NYC last month with my husband and two children, neither of whom had been to NY. We stayed at the Gregory and it couldn't have been a better experience. The location is ideal! Right off Herald Square, walking distance to Macy's, Times Square, Bryant Park, the library, the Empire State Building, Rock Center. Subway lines at the end of the block.  The staff are so accommodating, welcoming, and personal. They treat guests as their friends.  The decor is refreshing and charming. It honors the garment district, and the rich history of the neighborhood. The lobby bar is small and perfect for the space, and how they've renovated this building is remarkable.  You can feel the rich history of "The Gregorian" hotel, reflected in the architecture. Crown molding, marble,
bubble_50	This hotel is in a great location near to bars, restaurants and shops (esp.Maceys!).  Modern clean dcor with very nice staff - especially  those working front of house.  I liked my bedroom and bathroom even though my window looked out onto a brick wall!  The blinds covered this so it was really not a problem.  Free wifi. From late afternoon the bar is open and has a nice atmosphere, and again the staff are very friendly and professional.  I certainly would recommend this hotel and hope that I can stay there again.
bubble_30	We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Gregory. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. The doorman Matthew is a wonderful addition to the hotel.  He made every effort to know our names and to acknowledge us when we returned.  The hotel is very centrally located to shops, restaurants and subway. We arrived very early for checkin and a room was available but was low and in the front.  We requested a higher up room and towards the back.  We had to wait until after 3pm but was well worth it. Room was large enough for the two of us and the beds were very comfortable.   My only complaints about this hotel are (1) the hot water is a hit or miss. I only had a hot shower 1 day out of 6. The other 5 were lukewarm (2) the air conditioning unit is very loud!  It runs loud ALL NIGHT
bubble_40	We were here in Aug to move my son into NYU. My older parents (they're in their 70's but travel well) were with me so I had booked us two double beds (not an easy feat in NYC). We left Alabama at 3am and I had been told when I called and booked that we would be given an early check in (before 3). The bellhop (I wish I could remember his name as he was the ONLY reason I didn't "pitch a fit" (Southern phrase)) was lovely to store our luggage (no cost) upon arrival at 11 am. I had made lunch reservations and was assured our room would be ready when we returned. We returned to the hotel at appr 1:30ish and waited until 4:30pm for our room. My parents were beyond exhausted; however, the bellhop kept bringing my mum glasses of water (they have in lobby in afternoon-nice touch) and
bubble_50	I recently stayed at The Gregory (31 March - 6 April) and have to say it was one of the best hotels I have stayed at. The hotel was very accommodating for my late arrival and the staff could not have done enough to ensure my stay was comfortable. The rooms are well appointed and "New York" size but you're not in New York to spend all day in your room. The bed was comfortable and the room clean - the house keeping staff should be commended for the work they put in. I would highly recommend staying here. Close to Madison Square Garden, Empire State Building and there is a subway station at the end of the block. Be sure to book here if you're going to New York.
bubble_50	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in April 2016 and we would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to see New York.  The rooms are pleasantly decorated and the reception service is extremely good.  Meals are not provided but next door is Brendan's Bar which serves good, full evening meals and breakfast if you require it.  There are, however, no shortage of eating options in this area.  Both Matt and Brian Flory, the doormen, were friendly co-operative and pleasant.  The front rooms are great but New York is a noisy city and if you do not want the bin lorries coming round all hours of the day and night, ask for a rear facing room.  Ours was front facing and lovely, but there was some noise.  That's a mark of New York, not the Hotel.  Can't fault the service and
bubble_40	Stayed here for 4 nights with my young adult daughters as part of a special birthday trip. It's a really convenient location - close to Macy's and many other shops, Empire State Building just round the corner, subway stations and easily walkable to lots of well known places -- including a 30 minute stroll up Fifth Ave to Central Park.  The hotel has a boutique-y feel with friendly staff.  You can get a simple breakfast at the bar if you don't want to venture further. Our room was a good size, comfortable and had everything we needed.  The next door Brendan's Grill is a good place for a drink and evening meal if you have done enough walking during the day.
bubble_40	The location is good if you want to be central. You got Macy's  really close and a lot of other shopping too. Close to subway stops too so easy to get around with public transportation. The hotel itself is good. We had a very good sized room and of good quality. Service is also really good and you feel welcomed at the hotel. If to find a minus it would be the elevators that are slow in all ways :) but such a minor thing that I would for sure recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	I went to NY with my two teenage doughters for five nights and this hotel was perfect for us. Everything was near with shopping, the metro and The Empire State Building just around the corner. The staff was very friendly and helpful, always ready with a smile on their face and the doorman Matthew was fantastic ready to help us with everything we needed.  We had a superior room with two very comfortable queen-size beds and got a room at the 12:th floor. We had asked for a quiet room at a hight floor and was very pleased with the one we got. We slept very well and not disturbed at all as we thought we would be at hotel located as central as The Gregory. We reard that other guests had problem with the Wi-fi, but for us it worked very well and was fast most of the time. We also read
bubble_40	The Gregory is in a brilliant location, right near Herald Square- easy to walk to everything in midtown and right next to several subway stations to get anywhere els.e We could see The Empire State out of our window! The hotel itself is really great value, and has really nice rooms. The staff were friendly and helpful and for what you pay you couldn't get better.
bubble_50	Our 1st trip to New York and we did not know what to expect! The hotel itself is right around the corner from Macys, the Empire State Building and a short walk to Times Square and Central Park, location was just perfect! Rooms were a good enough size and very clean. My ONLY gripe would be the toilet was really squeezed into the bathroom so if I was just a luttle larger, it probably would have been very difficult to use! That really is the only fault I found!  Every member of staff from the Manager, Lydia, to beautiful Jasmine at Breakfast were just so helpful and lovely to talk to. My Husband made good friends with the doorman/general assistant of everything! Matthew. He is such a good guy and it really was a privilage to not only stay here, but to meet such wonderful people.
bubble_50	What a fabulous hotel, in a superb location!  The hotel staff were great and very friendly, couldn't fault this hotel at all.  The breakfast was basic consisting of pastries, hot drinks and cold drinks. It was just enough to set you off for the busy day ahead.  Our room was lovely and spacious with a walk in wardrobe. We were at the front of the hotel and heard no noise. We all had a great sleep every night. The location was superb, just a 5 min walk to Macy's and 10 min walk to Times Square! Also you could walk easily to Central Park and it's perfect for all the designer shops on 5th avenue. I would definitely recommend this hotel and if I had the chance to go back to New York I would be using it again.  Thanks for a wonderful stay, I had an amazing trip!
bubble_40	We loved everything about this hotel - the decor, location, staff and service...Unfortunately, I have never had a worse sleep in a hotel ever due to outside noise. We watched every hour go by. We were on the 7th floor facing the road (north), and we heard everything all night long- there seemed to be never ending garbage trucks working at all hours of the night, car horns, even conversations of people walking by. However, when they moved our room for the second night (11th floor, south facing) that made a world of a difference and we had a much better sleep. This was our only complaint!!
bubble_50	We stayed at the Gregory for 4 nights and couldn't fault it. The staff were delightful, friendly and couldn't help us enough. The room was well presented, ours was big enough for 4 adults, with two king beds, a walk in wardrobe and a huge tv. The room was cleaned every day to a high standard as was the bathroom.   The hotel is close to any kind of public transport and within walking distance to Macys, Times square, Maddison Square Garden and Empire State as well as many retail stores and restaurants. It was a perfect location. I would recommend this hotel to any of my family and friends and would definitely stay here again the next time I visit New York, it's a real find.
bubble_30	Boutique hotel (every time you want to feel cramped in your room choose the fashionable term "boutique"). Perfect location, just next to Empite State Building, walking distance to Times Square etc.  The rooms are small, dated, with some antique noisy A/C machine. The beds were good. The most annoying fact was the total lack of phonic isolation: you could hear every room door on the corridor, every conversation, every bag movement of the  cleaner etc. The room was cleaned daily, new towels etc  The bathroom was functional.  On top of that, the hotel was on extensive interior refurbishing, so plenty of extra disturbance. The receptionists and porters were polite and helpful, having clear answers to our few queries. The hotel is linked to an Irish long bar. There are some Korean, 1
bubble_20	We stayed in The Gregory for three nights over the March/April weekend and to begin with the service at the front desk was good. The room on the 12th floor was spacious and clean although the lighting was poor (one working lamp). The issues began on the second night when there was no hot water for either of us in the shower. Worse was to come when we were woken up firstly by a fire alarm test (no notice) and then again by maintenance using an axle grinder to fix a door outside our room? We were told there was essential maintenance required and they apologised for the inconvenience. Hang on, this was the same door which was painted the day before which we had to be careful how we opened it??? I can understand repairs are necessary but we were trying to sleep and again no notice!
bubble_50	On a whim we took a trip to NYC last week and booked our stay at The Gregory Hotel. First off, very convenient to NY Penn Station, right in the middle of downtown.  The hotel was recently renovated and is very pretty.  It had excellent free wifi which my kids loved.  For a older building the rooms were surprisingly large.  The staff was wonderful, everyone that worked there always had a smile on their face.  The people at the front desk were always warm and welcoming.  If you get the chance give it a try because the nightly room rate is a bargain compared to other hotels of this caliber.
bubble_50	Fantastic hotel, warm as ever, friendly staff, very clean. Bathrooms very small, but all in all, the value for money is excellent. Loved this causy hotel, with excellent access to shopping areas and city of NY. Recommended for anyone passing by new york for couple of days.
bubble_30	Hotel is at great location and easy access to many awesome places, however, horrible noise from outside window during sleeping time was huge problem all night long. I was surprised by this level of noise from 4 star hotel and we were not able to sleep well for 5 nights. I'd suggest hotel management to improve window treatment with better noise proof material. Additionally, free wifi signal was extremely poor.  Hotel staff members were very friendly.
bubble_20	After a very careful pre-reasearch I decided to give it a try and booked the hotel directly on their web.  The pictures looked pretty good and the location was as per my wish.   I had a very good comparison ground ( due to a previous stay in a nearby located residence ) 3 weeks ago. The Gregory offered a 25 USD lower difference from the other property on same location and a 8.0 rating on booking.com.  The short version is:   Staff: very distant and careless.  only one gentlemen upon my departure was wonderful and helpfull ( i believe he was a concierge or the like )  Some rooms are dark, I changed 3 times, the heating system is out of control.  The first night was Cold and the rest of the stay was around 30celcious in the room. To cool it you needed the aircondition system
bubble_10	The Gregory Hotel NYC was one of the poorest excuses for a hotel that I have had the misfortune of staying at. Please let me explain to you why my family's experience was so horrible so that you can hopefully avoid making the same mistake that we did.  - The room at the Gregory was disgusting. Literally one of the worst I have stayed at in New York (and I stayed at some really cheap hotels before). I walked barefoot on the carpet, and within a matter of minutes, the bottoms of my feet were covered in dirt. The bathroom toilet had not been properly cleaned, and there were urine stains from the previous guest on the toilet rim. The towels in the bathroom had multiple strands of someone else's hair. The pillowcases reeked of cigarette smoke. The chair at the desk had, what appeared
bubble_30	Myself and some friends stayed in Feb for four nights at the Gregory. The two men who helped with luggage were very helpful. We were offered tea and coffee free in the morning between I believe 6 am - 11 am. BEWARE the women who stands behind the counter is vile and rude and really puts you off even asking for a drink. I mean you wake up happy to be in New York on holiday and then you have to deal with that when all you would like is a drink which you have been offered. We checked out on the Monday morning and flew home on the evening. Once I got home I had realized I had forgot two items of clothing in the room and panicked. I called them and was put through to the 'Lost and found' department to a lady called 'LIDIA'. Now you would think it would be easy and simple to sort this
bubble_50	We loved staying at The Gregory.  It's a wonderful boutique hotel in a great location in NYC.  The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly even going so far as to fix my broken eye glasses.  We would definitely go back.
bubble_10	The washroom is like a narrow broom closet. Impossible to use if you are tall.   First time I have seen a hotel where you can't control the heat.   When I arrived in my room it was freezing. They had to send maintenance to turn on the radiator. Then again before I went to sleep I called again and complained I was cold. No heater is avail but they manually add heat from boiler room.  Didn't last as I slept in a cold room and had a terrible sleep.   Hotel refused to offer any compensation which is incredible. Even a free night is not enough
bubble_40	The Gregory is a cool boutique hotel with an interesting history.  It is just across from the Empire State building and walking distance from everything in Midtown - three blocks from Penn Station and within a block of all Subway lines.  Rooms are small - of course - but well laid out.  The architecture is restored 1900s - and the hotel was the sister property of the Waldorf Astoria.  So, you get a nice mix of history with recently updated rooms...flat screens, charging stations, with historic accents.  Be sure to check out Brendan's Bar and Grill - a gem with lobby access.  Beautiful restaurant with delicious menu.
bubble_30	The Good:  The hotel is located on 35th Street, just off 6th Avenue, which means that if you love shopping at Macy's, you're going to love this location.  Times Square is a 10 minute walk away, as is the ever-improving area further south around Madison Square Park, currently one of the most exciting neighborhoods in the city.  The hotel is relatively newly-refurbished, which means that you won't be looking at a tired lobby or even more tired rooms.  The place has had a facelift (I believe it once was a Comfort Inn) and it's all to good effect.  Staff helping in the lobby area did put on a friendly face.  The bad:  There are only small two elevators--five people could squeeze into one with two having carry-ons.  One elevator wasn't working for a while that I was there but luckily
bubble_20	I agree with other reviewers that felt as though the staff did not care about the customers. Although the weather was quite cold during our stay, the room felt like it was about 100 degrees when we walked in. I called the front desk and was told that there was no way to change the temperature because the heating was central. We had to set the air conditioning unit (it was 30 degrees outside) to 60 degrees to be able to sleep at all. The next morning I asked the gentleman at the front desk if we could have the temperature changed, because the a/c had stopped working at that point. He said he would have them turn off the radiator and look at the a/c. By the time we got back that night, 10 p.m., nothing had been done. I asked for help again, and the maintenance person came to our
bubble_40	This hotel was probably a converted apartment building right next to Herald Square. It feels like an apartment building once you leave the lobby. The rooms are small, but actually more spacious than other city rooms we've stayed in. The biggest issue we had was that it was rather cold, the heater worked and that section of the room was rather warm, but it didn't spread to the rest of the room and we were a bit cold through the night. Decor of the room and lobby were nice, everything was clean.
bubble_40	Matthew, and all of the staff I encountered at The Gregory were very friendly, warm, and welcoming. The hotel is crisp and clean. A very comfortable stay. If I ever visit this part of town again, I would not hesitate to stay at The Gregory.
bubble_40	This hotel is located in the Herald Square section of Midtown Manhattan. Its a block and a half from the world famous Macys department store, however, I didnt really feel as though I was so close to a major tourist location since this hotel is situated on 35th street and not on the busy thoroughfares of 34th street or 6th Avenue. I stopped by early in the morning when I arrived in New York to check my bag with the doorman, but they were able to actually check me into my room  which was one less thing I would have to do later that day. They have a small gym and an adjacent restaurant thats open until midnight. Note: I didnt actually visit either, but the doorman walked me to the elevator upon check-in to let me know of these two items. The reception area is small but quaint
bubble_40	Had a great 3 day stay and appreciated the location, cleanliness and friendliness. I liked the reception/bar room since it does not feel like being in a big hotel and is welcoming and comforting. There was an issue with the radiator in my room but it got resolved and there was great customer care from the hotel and the booking page HotelTonight.com.
bubble_40	What a hotel !! Lovely people working there, lovely feel in reception. Free coffee in the morning and 2 small bottles of water in the room everyday (well I think they were free?!?!? I'll have to check my card)   If I could have give a 4 3/4 I would have but the two things that stopped me giving a full 5 was the shower, it was not very powerful. And it got very warm in the room (but stick the aircon on for 5 mins and that's resolved!!! )  the beds were so comfy it's unreal and by far the best hotel bed I've ever slept in!!! Lots of pillows.  The room was spotlessly clean and could not be faulted loads of storage place, very calm and relaxed feel to it.  This was our 2nd time in NYC and in My opinion The street it's on is smack bang in the centre of everything!!! You honestly
bubble_10	I guess I should be balanced in this review the Gregory is well positioned, it was cheap - we paid around 100GBP per night and the room was clean however the room had an air conditioner unit in the window which was permanently open - you could see daylight by looking through it. Last week was windy and cold, couple this with the ancient radiator system and the room was colder than the hall way.   I told the staff the next day, the receptionist seemed to say what I wanted to hear - yes we will fix it, when I came back that night nothing had been done, that night I slept under 4 duvets in the coldest room i've ever been in.  The next day I spoke to the manager who promised me a discount and that they would re-home me somewhere warmer, nothing happened, the room was freezing, well
bubble_40	I booked The Gregory through Hotel Tonight(best app ever-wish they had loyalty program!). The rate was super reasonable.  I prepaid two nights and then the storm happened.  I never made it to hotel the first night and although TG did not have to, they refunded my one night. Wow.   The rooms are lovely. W type of super comfortable bed with great pillows. Pure NYC room. Larger than most. Swanky little lobby bar.  Fabulous toiletries. Free water and wifi(the two W's)  Free Joe joe in the morning.   I would highly recommend TG for business or pleasure.
bubble_50	Hotel was great. Clean and a great location. Close to Macy's. Walk to Times Square 5-10 min. Room was cleaned spotless daily. Doorman (started with B) was lovely. So helpful, polite and friendly! Hailed us cabs, stored luggage, weighed it for us to make sure we weren't over, he went above and beyond.  He really classed up the joint! The rest of the service was just Ok, they did give us a map and directions, so that was helpful.
bubble_40	We booked two rooms in the Gregory via booking.com Our trip was for a family of five which had two teenagers and one child of 12.   The hotel is brilliantly located right in the centre of midtown Manhattan, perfect for walking to sights and getting the subway to others  The hotel is quaint. Well presented and preserved. The reception staff are fine and helpful. It isn't though a four star luxury venue  The rooms were a good size but not over generous. Luckily we had a room which looked straight up the Empire State Building  The rooms were very clean and smart. The beds were excellent and very comfortable....you didn't want to get out as it was minus15 degrees Celsius  The hotel has a very small gym which is fine  Now the negatives....  There are two lifts but while we were there
bubble_40	I'm always happy to get a boutique hotel when I book through Hotwire (as opposed to a chain hotel).  The location of the hotel was great!  I think it was the hotel manager that started chatting me up about the hotel and was telling me about the hotel and I really appreciated that he took the time to talk to me.  The front desk people were nothing amazing.  It's nice to hear Welcome or How was your trip into the city?  Something other then "I need a CC for incidentals."    There was a cute bar and a nice fireplace in the lobby area.  The rooms were a good size and well appointed.  The closet was really larger than I expected.  The elevator was a bit slow but I was never in a rush and there is a marble stairway as an option.  I would recommend this hotel (and I have to others
bubble_40	Fantastic hotel, that is roomy enough - without costing the earth. A 2 minute walk from Macy's and the Empire State building (room 1108 has fantastic views of ESB, if you're wanting to request a room with a view!), and a 10-15 minute walk from times square. Water was prone to being initally quite cold - but leave to run for 5-10 minutes before you're looking to get in the shower and it's absolutely fine and adjustable. Radiator a little noisy which could be a bit annoying after a long day walking around when you're looking to get some sleep. Bed comfortable, like others have said good shampoo and conditioner.  Down sides, not enough plugs in the room - or close to mirrors - women with hair styling tools, it's quite a stretch to be able to reach. Other thing - in Britain we don't
bubble_40	Out exploring while visiting NYC and decided to pop in and check out a potential place for a future stay.  Location is very handy to Macy's and walking distance to Times Square and the shows.  Lobby area is very nice and we were greeted by Matthew, who is a great hotel ambassador. We told him what we were doing and we were treated to a tour and were able to check out a room too.  The rooms are very nice and I will not hesitate to give this place a try.  I was very impressed with the staff and how clean it all looked.
bubble_50	Great location, great staff, and the rooms are clean and you do not feel cramped for a NY hotel. Central to Subways, attractions, great restaurants,  and pretty much everything else. Highly recommend it.
bubble_50	We were there for three nights. This is a wonderfully renovated old hotel building going back 100 years. Completely modern now with historic features evident and highlighted. The lobby is to scale and very comfortable. We sat for a few hours waiting out the rain and it was a delight. The adjoining restaurant is a wonderful period long bar with additional seating. Very charming. Our room was small and they offered to upgrade to something larger but after awhile we decided to stay. Large enough bathroom and top line lotion and soaps. The A/C unit behaved oddly at times but everything else about the room was very nice and comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The doorman Matthew was a complete Prince! Took care of cars, luggage, directions, and NYC advice. We will be
bubble_40	When I go to NYC I make a point of not staying in a Hyatt, Hilton, Holiday Inn, etc...  I like to experience what the independent hoteliers can do.  I stayed at the Gregory this past Friday and Saturday (1/20 & 1/21) in room 206.  I liked it...  You know no hotel is perfect and the Gregory isn't either but the few things that need attention do not hide the fact that it is a really nice hotel.  I've got two recommendations...(1) ditch the double doors on the second floor.  They confused me and made me feel like I was going into a service area of the hotel like a linen room or something like that.  And (2) put coffee machines in the rooms.    My room room was comfortable; the queen bed was very comfortable and the linens were crisp and clean and thank God they use fitted sheets.
bubble_30	The Gregory is a pleasant boutiqeish hotel in Midtown with a bar and lounge area on the first floor.  Not a large area, but some seating, and free coffee in the morning. The guest services desk is in the lobby in front of you as you enter.  The building is older and the decor has a funky but low key vibe.  The room I had had a queen or double bed with various pillows ranging from soft to firm.  The window box air conditioner did not have a cover so there was a bit of a breeze and street noise during my January visit.  The room was small and clean, with a full bath bathroom and closet.  View of the next building.  I woke at five to someone jiggling the handle of the door and, from the noise, probably trying to ibsert a key.  It was a frightening way to awaken, especially since
bubble_40	Stayed the night of Jan. 7th. Extremely comfortable and nicely decorated. Large closet!!! Staff members Matthew, Brian and Victor were genuinely friendly, courteous, and helpful. They made our stay at The Gregory more enjoyable.
bubble_40	This boutique hotel is beautifully restored with tasteful details. The staff is super friendly and helpful. The room was very comfortable, although ours didn't have much natural light. Besides the noisy radiator, I only have good things to say about The Gregory.
bubble_50	A very tasteful restoration, done with respect for the beauty of old Manhattan. You may need help with the windows or the  radiators, but it's part of the charm. Brilliant bell hub/service master with the right NY balance of sass and wits. Great central location.
bubble_40	We have a very good 4 night stay at the Gregory. Very pleasant staff and lovely clean room. We faced West 35th st which was very noisy at night so we would recommend a room in the back.  Elevators are very small so don't know how they would get an ambulance stretcher in there.   The only real complaint would be the decor in the hallways. We were on the 9th floor and (presuming all the hallways are the same) the black and white walls have a high school or prison type feel. It actually seems a little creepy when you get off the elevator and walk to your room. Had they stuck to the colours in the beautiful hotel lobby I think it would be more inviting.
bubble_50	My buddy and I drove to NYC from Boston early on the morning of 1/23/16. NYC was getting hammered with a blizzard, but we wanted to get down there for a concert the next evening on 1/24/16.   We originally had a rezzie for only the 24th, but added the 2nd night on the 23rd due to the storm. The rate we got via Booking.com was excellent. I had emailed the hotel previously to inquire about nearby parking, and they immediately replied with the info requested.  While driving to NYC in the storm, I called the hotel to ask if we could get an early check-in. They confirmed that a room would be ready when we arrived.  We were lucky to get into NYC and into the parking garage prior to the travel ban. We checked-in with no problems and had a nice room w/ two comfy beds.  Most of NYC was
bubble_30	Very friendly staff. Super comfy bed and a lovely room. Bathroom wasn't the best standard! The view was ok, the plus: we had a corner room with a lot of daylight. The Hotel was very central but the comfort for a 4 star Hotel wasn't really good. All in all it was absolutely okay, but no Design/Boutique Hotel! Tim and Lisa @jimsandkittys Jimsandkittys.com
bubble_40	Really liked this charming boutique hotel - centrally located. First we got a room with a broken window frame (which they must have known). But we complained and immediately got a new one. Quite large room for NYC, great bed and nice decor. All we needed.
bubble_20	First thing I wanted to say is this should deserve a one star, but the manager on duty was pretty good and friendly.  I can only say, this place needs major HVAC, plumbing upgrades instead of just cosmetic changes to such a old building.  They kept saying the hotel was sold out and couldn't move me to another room, but in the end they did, because the rooms I got was unacceptable.  To summarize the room as follows: 1.  Room #1 - There was no cold water, the water was blazing hot from the sink basin, the tech came up and realized they couldn't fix it so they moved me to another room 2.  Room #2 - There was no heat, it was warmer in the lobby.  Again, the maintenance guy came up tried to get it going and nothing.    3.  Room #3 - Everything was fine except the room was so hot
bubble_50	If you are looking for the best quality, location and service in New York while you are on budget, then Gregory Hotel must be your first choice. Located on the 35th Street with Macys and 5th Avenue around the corner. Times Square is just 10 minutes away. I barely used the subway and taxi to mobilize myself in the city.  From the building to the room, everything was excellent. The hotel is vintage and the rooms are amazing. Each room provides amenities such as bathrobes, shampoos, conditioner, body lotion , soap, TV, fridge , usb charger for iphone and free wifi on the internet (something that you may struggle to find in a hotel in New York, since the wifi at the majority of the hotels comes at a very high price) The Gregory provides all the amenities and meets all the standards
bubble_10	Location is good, the building and rooms  are according to price. The thing is that on our first night we got (apparently) the only room (609) where the heating wasn't working and a window was not properly sealed; you can imagine that you couldn't leave the bed without a coat on. We called 3 times to get it fixed that first day and nothing. After the worst night, next day I asked to speak to the manager who was cordial, but not really a problem solver. They tried to get the heating fixed for more than an our, after that we went out and when we came back nothing had changed. We were about to leave when another manager (on shift) proposed us a room change (which should have been the first option, instead of the excruciating night and morning of waiting for the heating to work) and
bubble_30	Very well located, but room is small, service somehow deficient and - surprise - charge for keeping your bags meanwhile waiting for the unbelievable 4pm checkin. We are close to literally pay full for 1/2 a day in NY hotels and this one is not an exception.
bubble_40	It was my first trip to the Big Apple so naturally I was very excited. My boyfriend's been to NY 5-6 times before so he knew what was in store. He chose this hotel and I immediately liked it. When we arrived, I loved it. I loved the fact that it was an unassuming hotel from the outside, but very boutique chic in the inside. The location of the hotel was simply superb. Walking distance to most of the famous landmarks we know. Our bedroom was larger than expected for a city like NY. We had a super king size bed, a mini walk in closet and a bath tub. I loved how it was old but refurbished, a classic sort of feeling. The staff notably this gentleman, born and bred in Queens was very helpful. However the ladies at the front desk weren't as friendly. When I was having trouble getting
bubble_40	Stayed at the Gregory for a couple of nights over the Christmas period! I echo most of the reviews on here! This is a perfectly located mid Manhattan Hotel! Very well renovated with lovely touches in the rooms! The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in,perfect after a long day pounding the streets! However ear plugs are essential, we were on the 12th floor but the city noise is still quite intense! The staff overall were efficient but not over friendly. A smile or kind word now and again would have gone a long way in making our stay perfect! I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again if the price was right.
bubble_50	The Gregory is a charming boutique hotel. We had two rooms during the Christmas holiday. My husband and I stayed 6 nights and our daughter and son in law stayed 5 nights. The location is excellent, close to the subway, Macy's, Empire State building, as well as a nice market to pick up drinks and snacks. The staff was very friendly and helpful from the front desk to the maids. We especially enjoyed the bellmen, Matthew and Boogie. They made our stay very pleasant. We loved our rooms, they were nicely decorated and the beds were very comfortable. The free WiFi and fridge in our room were great to have as well. It is also a very quiet hotel compared to other hotels we have stayed in before in NYC. Our only complaint is we have a mysterious charge on our bank account which we have
bubble_40	Three night stay in December. Noisy room at the front due to the poor double glazing & lack of insulation around the air conditioning unit. Not the hotels fault there was construction noise along the way starting at 6am , but with little sleep due to the busy road, we got moved for the third night at the back of the hotel. The rooms are spotless & very comfortable.The manager was very gracious & understood our problem with sleeping. Would return but ask for a room at the rear next time.
bubble_30	We stayed in the gregory for 3 nights and had a great start with the stylised lobby and friendly reception staff. We stayed in room 1212 which was very spacious and had a good view. The issues we ran in to began with the radiator which either ran at scorching hot or off and also leaked during our first night. This was reported after the first night but we still had the same issue for the following 2 nights. The plumbing issue also ran to the shower which had a mind of its own when it came to the temperature and flow. Overall this wouldn't have affected our stay but our check out experience almost ruined our stay, the lady on reception went beyond being rude which I believe must have been our mistake for checking out when there was more than one customer present at reception. In
bubble_40	Great location.   Supremely comfortable beds in sunny, very clean and tidy rooms.  We stayed at the back looking out to W. 35th. One of our rooms had a view of the EMpire State Building. We missed tea making facilities in our room, but coffee and tea were always available, free of charge, on the ground floor. Toiletries were rather nice.
bubble_40	We travelled to the Big Apple as a family of five, with two of the party under 21. Three of us stayed at the Gregory Hotel, while the other two were just a short walk away at the The Morgan on Madison Avenue. In terms of the location, the Gregory was perfect. We had a view of the Empire State building from our room, Times Square 5 minutes away, which we avoided on News Years Eve, particularly as over one million people were expected to attend, with 5000 armed police officers keeping everyone safe.To the excitement of the two teenagers, Macys store was also just up the street. The staff at the Gregory were some of the most approachable and friendliest people I have had the pleasure to meet, in particular two chaps named Bryan and Matthew. Our room was a double-double, spacious,
bubble_20	Positive : Location...   Negative : Everything in general. Particularly Front desk staff. Lack of service at all. I got the impression that they dont know what Hospitality Industry means. Arrogants, no interest about guest needs, horrible grooming, etc. On January the 1st, the lobby bar was closed (??? ), without a previous explanation. It seems that hotel revenue is just a small detail. There were many guests asking for drinks and snacks, and the answer was " It's 1st of January, so we do not open. Regarding the rooms..Quite big enough, but the heating is very, very bad. Extremely hot and we can't control the temperature, which means that we need to switch on the AC to refresh the room, and keep it on all night long. During our stay ( 5 nights ), we've never seen anyone from
bubble_50	We were fortunate enough to stay at The Gregory over the New Year period.   The staff were always friendly.  Our room was lovely and well decorated and it was cleaned daily - very large room for such a location.  The location cannot be beaten, being only 10 minutes from Times Sq and 2 minutes from Macys.   Side note: continental breakfast is literally someone handing you a bagel or a muffin. There is a bagel slicer and one toaster which you can use so if you want something slightly more filling to start your day, I would recommend going elsewhere.
bubble_40	Lidia, the Manager at The Gregory, turned what could have been a bad and even a nasty experience into a great one.  I booked a room using an online discount site.  When I arrived, I was very impressed with the lobby, the staff, etc.  The room was small but very clean, and the mattress was excellent.  One problem:  there was no heat.  A member of the facilities crew tried to fix it by bleeding the radiator, but that was good for only a couple hours.  By 2:00 am, the room was freezing.  I shivered through the night but figured I could wait it out until the next morning.  I woke up and booked a room in another hotel for the rest of my stay and went to the lobby to checkout and ask for a refund, including for the pre-paid nights I had not used.  I was expecting a fight.  Lidia,
bubble_50	Visiting in early December during a very busy international fair/convention, I found a rather limited number of hotels available for a reasonable price and my favourite hotel was fully booked. So I took a chance on The Gregory and it certainly paid off. ALL of the staff were incredibly warm and friendly, and travelling with my four year old son it was really appreciated how child-friendly the staff were, even outside on the street when we saw staff members before or after their shifts. Matthew in the lobby was so incredibly warm and kind to my son, it made for a really memorable trip. The room (2 double beds) was very large by NYC standards, and there was a sizeable cupboard for luggage, it was so nice to have some space without the need to pay for a junior suite. Minor minor
bubble_40	I stayed here several times before the upgrade mostly because it's such an awesome location, but I kept returning because the people were so nice. I'm delighted to say the upgrades are beautiful and Matt the concierge is still there and as helpful as ever. Returning in a few days for New Year.
bubble_50	My wife and I have stayed at The Gregory twice during the past month or so, weekends in the city out of New England. What a wonderful place to stay! The front desk seems to be staffed by the friendliest, most helpful staff I've ever encountered in NYC. (Even the doorman and cleaning staff greeted us with what appeared to be a bona fide smile and greeting!)   The hotel is perfectly situated near Herald Square. It's a short walk to Times Square, and even on Christmas night, the walk to Rockefeller Center was comfortable and enjoyably close (of course 66 degree evening weather helped!)   The hotel has an art nouveau-ish feel to it. Rooms are modestly sized (compact)  from what we've seen although I'm sure there must be learner suites available. More importantly, the rooms are
bubble_40	I love the way they design and decoration. Very cozy and charming   Recommend for who love the boutique or small hotel   Location is easy to go to downtown/ Time square/ Bryan park etc.   My room is queen bed with sofa bed is quite big space for small hotel and clean   My trip is Christmas time for 3 night.  I love the place and I will be back for sure
bubble_50	Recently renovated The Gregory is close to MSG and has very large rooms. Ours was on the 35th street side and could not have been nicer. Big by NYC standards!  Bathroom was tight and water pressure could be a bit better, but that won't stop us from staying here again!
bubble_30	We stayed here for 3 nights the location was great. It's newly renovated so the rooms have a modern feel to it but the lifts and corridors do not. The room was big, clean and comfortable but can be a little noisy at night, then again it's in the middle of Manhattan! Have free wifi and the quality is good.  Service was ok, bit disappointed that I emailed the Hotel to see if they could arrange breakfast in bed for us as it was my Fiancee's 30th birthday but they never replied to my email and nothing was arranged.
bubble_40	stayed here for 4 nights with my partner,very well located hotel,but can be a little noisy as there is only single glazed windows,but our room was very big and clean and we had a view of the Empire State Building from our room. You cannot fault the staff,very friendly, including cleaners you would often meet in the lifts who would always greet you with a smile. Talking of the lifts,they are a little slow at times! Breakfast is a bit basic,but enough to set you up for the day. Would stay here again.
bubble_50	If you are wanting NYC charm this is the place.  Beware...rooms are small and elevators are tiny.  BUT this place was just what I was looking for.  Didn't want to stay at a chain hotel.  This hotel had so much character.  Staff was wonderful and very polite.  GREAT location.  Right by empire state building and a block from Macy's.  Could walk to anywhere we wanted to go in midtown.  Would definitely stay again!
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week, with my mum and daughter, it's in an amazingly convenient spot, for you to explore New York, whether it's shopping or sight seeing everywhere was within walking distance, Macy's is a two minute walk, Times Square 10/15 minute depending on how fast you walked. The hotel is beautiful, every member of staff are friendly and helpful, from the minute you arrive, to the minute you leave you will love this place.
bubble_40	After much deliberation in choosing an hotel for our NYC trip we finally decided on The Gregory. And what a great choice we made. Small but perfectly formed,The Gregory is everything you need a hotel to be. Recently renovated to modern standards but with consideration to the hotels history and original features it's been sympathetically restyled. Rooms are compact but really,all you are doing is sleeping so why would you need a big room? Loved the bed,it was so comfy,and the toiletries in the bathroom were proper sized,not the usual mini bottles. The hotel is in a great location,loads of great places to eat surround the hotel ,We had a good meal in Brendans which is attached to the hotel,and the subway is just yards away. Macys is 318 feet from the hotel,I know as I Google
bubble_30	Brilliant location, helpful staff and comfortable beds. In may 2015 the hotel was still in a renovation, so the smell of paint was very strong. Also the reception area was very dusty. Breakfast is/was disappointing.
bubble_40	The Gregory is in a fantastic location. A block from Macy's and subway entrances are close. The walk to Time Square can be completed in less than 10 minutes.  The lobby is nice and unlike any other hotel I've visited. The staff is at a large desk and the wall behind the desk is a bookcase.  The check-in process was quick and easy, less than 5 minutes. Staff was friendly and professional. Check-out, even easier.  There is a $20 a day service fees that I did not expect. A "free" wifi password is provided at check-in, my guess is the $20 service fee pays for the service.  The room is small with an even smaller bathroom. The room was clean, modern and served its purpose.  The noise from garbage trucks did wake me each morning. However, I was able to go back to sleep quickly.  I
bubble_40	I read many reviews before booking this hotel. I was a little worried because people complained of the size of the rooms, bathrooms, elevators, rude staff etc. However, my opinion is those people's expectations are ridiculously high. This hotel was much better than most I have stayed in and had a very unique feel that set it apart from the chain hotels.   The staff was very friendly from the minute we arrived! They helped us in any way possible and did not deny any of our requests. Very accommodating! We arrived in the morning and there were no rooms ready. We were able to store our bags for no charge and head out shopping while we waited. As suggested by previous travelers, we waited for a room on the upper levels and it was worth the wait.   We were on the 11th floor in a
bubble_50	Booked this hotel before it opened as it had great launch deals, so glad we did, the staff we met were really friendly and helpful especially the guys on reception always a chirpy greeting in the morning and literally ran to open the doors for us when we returned in the evening with arms full of shopping! the room was clean and with all the amenity's we could want (except tea and coffee making facilities although tea and coffee was available downstairs in the mornings) so that could be one improvement. we even had a view of the empire state building from our window! (although slightly obstructed it still looked amazing lit up at night - 906) We couldn't fault the location, it was smack bang in the middle of everything, not that anywhere is too far away in the city wherever you
bubble_50	Traveling from Washington for a night with my daughter, we Aussies we wanted somewhere within walking distance of the station especially on the way back when our feet were toooooo sore to walk another foot.  Great location, we walked to Central Park, Times Square, Top of the Rock and only caught a taxi on the way back to the station with our luggage.  The room was small but cute. It was only on the 2nd floor onto the the street but was so much fun, as we could watch everyone walking on the street below and listen to the music coming from the cafes. We only had 24 hours so we wanted a room to sleep in and go. Only a small cat could have swung around in the bathroom but it was modern, clean and in my favorite black and white colours.  I loved the modern decor in the room and
bubble_30	Clean room but on the back of the building with NO view ... ok .. the view was of a brick wall and a dumpster.. wonderful location close to Broadway and Macy;s and the subway ... elevator issues which an issue ... and WIFI was not working for part of my stay... would stay there again because of the location
bubble_50	We have just returned from our 3rd stay at this hotel. It has recently been transformed to represent the original features back in the 1920's. The rooms are tastefully decorated,v.clean & so long as you ask for a room at the rear it will be a quiet one.It is in an excellent location in Midtown Manhattan with Macy's Department store around one corner & The Empire State just up the street.It is great for using the metro to go either Uptown or Downton.The staff are v. helpful & friendly especially their Concierge/Porter called Matt.Nothing was too much trouble for him.He was always there to greet us & all the other guests with a wide smile.Always cheerful & nothing was ever too much trouble for him.He would always greet the guests by name which made everyone feel special.In our
bubble_40	Nice hotel in Midtown, very close to Macy's. The street is quite busy and packed with hotels, but the Gregory was outstanding for its design and warm entrance.  The hall is very cozy and an old elevator takes you to the rooms. We stayed in the room 1104 which was pretty small but perfect for a 3 night stay. The room is nice and cozy, with big windows on the street and grey furnitures. Most of the people at the reception were friendly and nice.
bubble_40	A well appointed hotel with exceptionally friendly staff conveniently located for midtown (Times Square is less than 10 minutes walk away). No restaurant on site although there is a reasonable one next door and enough eateries around for this not to be a problem. Only downside is the price of the bar - you expect a hotel to put a markup on the drinks but at the Gregory bar you can clear the national debt for the price of a round.   In summary - it's a great hotel, just drink somewhere else..
bubble_50	We stayed here at the beginning of November for 6 nights. We booked through booking.com and had paid for an Empire State Building view room with a double bed and requested a high floor. When we arrived we were given a room about half way up but at the front of the hotel, no ESB view but we had a nice room and a massive bed and we were exhausted so decided we would just settle for what we had....... Until we tried to sleep!! Oh my..... the noise. The aircon sits in the window and therefore the sound proofing of the windows is non existent.  We tried to sleep but it wasn't very successful so at 7am we went to the front desk and spoke to a lovely lady who checkd for an empty room at the back of the hotel but there wasn't any empty right then. She said pack up and bring down our
bubble_50	The hotel was nicer than expected and the rooms were huge for a nyc hotel. King size beds were comfy and the rooms were lovely. Request for a higher up floor was accommodated and it was very quiet and peaceful. Most of the staff were very courteous especially the doorman but nighttime staff were kind of snobby (oh well its nyc) Basically we would definitely stay here again the next time we are in town and i highly recommend it for families business or couples.
bubble_50	just returned from 10 day holiday at the Gregory, had a fantastic time close to all amenities, maceys, empire state building, subway.  rooms are great with very comfortable beds and ours had a good view onto the empire state building lovely comfortable reception area, we were able to hold room with no problems.  every member of staff we met were excellent and nothing was a problem for them and were all willing to help and assist you wi fi went down last couple of days but was not a problem
bubble_40	Staff great, check In & Out really easy.... Downside no WIFI.....not a good sign when that's part of the reason we booked hotel.... Have previously stayed here before the refurb.... Breakfast was ok if you fancy coffee and pastry....... Ideal LOCATION, everything within easy walking distance  One room took 4 of us if you don't mind 2 large double beds..
bubble_50	Arrived at this hotel October 12th - had a fab 4 night stay here with the parents. The hotel was in a great location, rooms were small as expected in NYC but very clean and comfortable. As we were celebrating a birthday the hotel manager Lydia came out to us at check in to say hi and to wish mum a happy birthday. There was also a treat for us in my parents room when we arrived which was a nice surprise. All of the hotel staff were great, helped us with recommendations whilst we were there. Would definitely stay again. Thanks Lydia & the team for making our stay pleasurable we will be back for sure.
bubble_30	The hotel is clean with the most comfortable beds, in an ideal central location. The area around the hotel is very busy and it is very noisy at night, although to be expected given its location. The rooms were a good size for a hotel in New York. It's just a short stroll to Macy's and the Empire State Building. The breakfast was poor, not much of a selection and they often ran out of items. I would stay here again, given the location but would not bother with the breakfast.
bubble_40	While conveniently located in terms of proximity to Penn Station and midtown Manhattan, the location of this hotel is pretty awful when considering the number of indigent people one must pass and step over in order to get the front door. The block leading up the hotel is apparently a popular place for people to set up beds for the night on the street.   Otherwise, my room was ok. Nicely designed, with a good bathroom and shower situation. The bed was comfortable and big, but there was no view to speak of...just the alley.
bubble_10	"Front desk" employees were far from satisfactory. Heat wasn't operating in my room when night temperatures were well below 40 degrees. Employees didn't seem to care. Colleagues moved to another hotel. Will never stay here again. Going on >50 trips to NYC a year. Worst experience yet.
bubble_40	After arriving we were welcomed at reception however were then informed we had to pay an $80 deposit charge which would be taken out of my account and then refunded 10 working days after checking out, to cover any accidental costs etc. I refused to pay this as I wasn't informed by my travel company that this was required and I had limited funds with me for my holiday.  The room as lovely with a large closet and bathroom. However the beds are described as 'double' but they were very small and with 3 of us in the room, 2 of us were rather uncomfortable every night being so close together.  We'd paid extra for a continental breakfast, however the service and choice of food was horrific. I expected a buffet of some kind or even a menu. But no, you're required to just ask the rude
bubble_40	I liked the small hotel feel with historic details.  Lobby is beautifully done, like a cozy library but with a fresh look.   Room 1201 (top floor) had old fashioned architectural details, plus two windows.   I was happy to get the windows for light, but the views were nothing special. There was ample closet and room to unpack and lay out my luggage and shopping purchases. Bed was too soft for me, but very luxurious feeling, comfortable bedding and pillows.   Very convenient to metro - Herald Square stop is on this block.  Penn Station is 3 large blocks away, close enough to walk with rolling luggage.  Corridors and doorways are narrow, but this is a charming old building.  Old building with a furnace and radiator system for heating - no thermostat.  This is not a bad thing - but
bubble_40	Lovely hotel, friendly helpful staff. Room was nice, four girls sharing a room. We had two double beds which were on the small side. We did think there wasn't enough drawer space for four people however and although tea and coffee is provided in reception from 9-4pm we would have preferred tea/coffee facilities in the room.  We were charged $84 from Newark Airport to our hotel, we asked to book a taxi through hotel to go back to airport and were charged $120 plus $13 tolls very overpriced and learned our lesson
bubble_30	We arrived after an 8 hour flight feeling very tired, and the woman at the reception jumped straight on us for an accidental damage deposit. The doorman on the other hand was lovely and very helpful.  The room was lovely apart from a big gap in the bathroom window which let lots of air and noise in.  The biggest let down for us was the breakfast, we thought there would be a small buffet of some kind....no! If you like some bacon and eggs in the morning don't expect it here. You have a choice of a bagel, a pastry or cereal, and they have always ran out of one option. I don't understand how a hotel with 12 floors can run out of breakfast items. The staff serving breakfast were terrible, I ordered a coffee and just got ignored. I asked the lady serving breakfast for cereal and she
bubble_50	My stay at the Gregory was absolutely wonderful.  Having it being one of my first times in NYC i was excited to explore, which the Gregory had made convenient due to its location!  Especially close to Time square which made for easy travels back and forth to and from there.  My girlfriend loved the design and layout of the hotel, but I personally appreciated the staff most.  Having experienced poor service/staff in other hotels the Gregory really set my standard for a 5/5 hotel.  Loved everything about it.
bubble_10	Stayed here for one night on business and I thank a higher power this was all. Our arrival was greeted with huge piles of garbage bags right outside the front entrance  which meant we had to drag our bags over 30 meters along the footpath to get around and back to the front door where a begrudging doorman met us . However what was the worst feature was the lunacy we found in our room  once we got there . Some genius had decided to refit the room and locate a window mounted a/c unit in the bedroom window with a 1 inch gap all round it = massive noise and sounds all night long. The obvious question is did we now realise NY was noisy = yes we have been to NY many times and yes it is noisy BUT this was way beyond the usual " NY is a City that never sleeps. The fact is we needed to
bubble_50	My stay at The Gregory was exactly what I had hoped for in a trip to NYC. The great location allowed me to jam pack my days and come back to the coziest sleep to fuel for the next day's adventures. Quick, friendly, accommodating service; central location; beyond comfy beds after days full of walking all over the city. I will stay here again on my next trip to NYC because I can trust I'll have all my needs met.
bubble_20	The location of The Gregory is very handy as it is within walking distance to Herald Square subway, close to macy's and Time Square. The room we had was on the smallish side and the bathroom is definitely tiny. The toilet was squeezed between the bath tub and wall that if you're on the biggish side you would definitely have problems.  The bed was very comfy. The front desk staff were not very friendly and on many occasions did not even acknowledge you walking past even when they had no one in front of them. Also do not rely on a wake up call as it is very highly probable that they will forget like they did with us on our departure day. When this was bought to their attention the person did not appear caring at all. The only friendly person was the doorman, sorry do not know his
bubble_50	After arriving after a delayed flight, it was awesome to be greeted by such a nice and welcoming staff. Everyone was super accommodating and made checking in a breeze. Our room was a perfect size and the beds were so comfortable (we almost didn't want to leave!). The hotel is located next to some great restaurants which is amazing. Overall, we had such a great experience. Definitely my #1 choice in hotels when I come back to visit again!
bubble_50	Hands down we'll be  repeat guests for sure!  Fantastic MidTown location. Great shopping and walking within a few blocks.  Beautifully branded hotel  from the art, furniture all the way  down to the clever Do Not Disturb Sign!   The Gregory is  styled with sophistication and elegance.   Perfectly curated lobby..and the rooms are generously sized for New York.  The beds were so cozy and comfy and beautifully dressed with lovely linens.  Bathroom is small but you don't need anything more.  Great sized TV.  Lydia and her  staff were wonderful and gracious hostsoffering help and directions at any and all hours of the day or night.   The restaurant next door is also a great find.  Excellent food, bar and architecture!  We left The Gregory planning our next trip back!  Celebrated my
bubble_50	This hotel is fantastic.   We booked this hotel before it was renovated and renamed, and we booked it purely on location and good price alone. I figured we didnt need a flashy hotel as we were in New York and would literally only need a bed!  Before we arrived in October it had been renovated and renamed, and OMG did we feel lucky! It so was a flashy hotel!! I had been in the place only 5 minutes and I already knew I would want to return here one day. The welcome we received from Bryan on reception was super, we felt really welcomed and like they were just as happy to have us there as we were to be there. We were given an invaluable map of the city and some handy tips whilst we were checking in.  And i have to say, the check in was effortless.  The decor in reception is
bubble_50	I was very lucky to have booked my holiday and then to find out it had been changed. And it was changed for the better!! The entrance is clean and all the staff are polite and friendly. There is also an awesome restaurant next door and a cool funky little quite bar on the other side of the entrance. My room was on level three and manage to have views of the Empire State Building :) (Windows could of done with a dust down tho). Everything needed was there In my room and cleaned everyday. The area is great because it's right on the street for Penn station subway which is perfect to get on and sight see. Walking distant to Time Square, library and Bryant park.
bubble_50	Woke-up in NYC in need of a new hotel for the next 4 days of my trip.  A quick glimpse at Hotels Tonight and I found The Gregory. The pics of the room are what really got me intrigued...but I also thought, "hmmmm too good to be true?" I mean it looked like the rooms were big and full of natural light, and if you are use to traveling in NYC those two things usually cost high 3 figures/low 4 figures a night.   When I walked through the doors of The Gregory I was met with the most sincere and kind welcome. I know that hotels are "suppose" to greet you nicely, but The Gregory staff truly seemed excited to have me there and wanted me to feel at home. I opted to head to the room by myself (although there was a very kind man that wanted to show me to it...instead he just took me to the
bubble_50	I stay in NYC very often for business, and this is one of my new favorite places to stay. The hotel has been completely renovated and rebranded, and it's amazing now! I love the concierge style check in experience and the lobby is gorgeous. The hotel has a rustic yet modern feel and the rooms are very spacious. The beds are comfortable and the bedding is unique and stylish. The staff is extremely knowledgable and helpful. While you're there, you definitely need to check out their bar, "The Liquor Cabinet" -- I recommend the Ginger Bootlegger or the Defiant Gregory!
bubble_40	It appears that I am getting around to reviewing this place after it has changed names (and perhaps its rooms, etc.).  The location was great as far as accessibility to the city and subway.  The neighborhood was nothing amazing.  The front desk was very friendly, and the interior had a very nice, historic feel about it.  Our room picked up on some street noise and needed a bit of TLC. E.g., there was a gap between the bathroom window frame and the wall that we could see through.  The elevator was sloooooow.  The included breakfast was just okay.  However, for the money we paid at the time, this place was more than acceptable for us, and we would stay there again for the same price.
bubble_30	Nice common areas.  Room was nice. Bed was fantastic!  Very comfortable! Gym was very basic, water pressure was a little weak. Good location, close to subway station and Macy's.  Easy walk to Times Square.
bubble_40	This hotel is perfectly located with Macys and the subway few minutes walk, away - Times Square is approx 10 mins walk.  But the best thing about this hotel is the wonderful warm welcome you get from the staff.  All the staff really can't do enough for you!  The hotel has been recently renovated to a very high standard.   Our room was clean and spacious enough, there was everything we could have needed (apart from tea/coffee making facilities, but we knew this before we arrived).  The bathroom was well equipped.  We had a fifth floor, rear facing room with a wonderful view of the Empire State Building.  There is road noise, however - this was totally expected - its the centre of New York! The restaurant/bar next door is a real bonus with delicious food and wine. The free wi-fi
bubble_40	Great location for a hotel, close to penn st station and walking distance to Macy's and Times Square. The area around the hotel is a little seedy with lots of litter and homeless people around at night.  The hotel has been rebranded as a boutique hotel from the comfort inn it once was. In some ways it has lost a little of its soul. The day staff are great and very helpful. Night staff a little brusque.  Rooms are nice but bathrooms can be small. Great beds and new carpets. Nice to see fridges in some rooms and complimentary water. This was not always replenished. Plenty towels and robe provided. A view of the Empire State Building from some rooms if you crook your neck.  Breakfast now in a small section of reception, not as good as the previous buffet. Coffee free from 6am to
bubble_50	We stayed at the Gregory for 4 nights last week, in a Superior Queen room. The hotel was situated very centrally- a block away from the Empire State Building and within walking distance of all the Midtown attractions, as well as lots of places to eat and drink. Brendan's Bar and Grill next door was a great place to eat- and so convenient, after a long day's sight-seeing left us with aching legs and feet! Recently refurbished, the hotel was very stylishly decorated. The room and bathroom were immaculate, with clean towels supplied every day. We loved the complimentary robes and toiletries and free WiFi!  The staff were friendly, courteous and helpful-especially Jasmine at the Coffee Press each morning and Matt, one of the very amiable doormen,  who came to our rescue when our
bubble_50	I'm a frequent visitor to NYC.  After the Middletowne Hotel at 48th and Lex closed I struggled to find a hotel that I liked as much.  Each stay found me slowly moving toward the Herald Square/Koreatown area but I couldn't find a hotel I really liked until my recent stay at The Gregory.  I've finally found my "home" in NYC.    This time I was bringing my son for a few days.  He was happy to get some time away from the wife and kids; I was happy for some bonding time as it had been too long.   We were greeted warmly at the front desk and checked in promptly. The hotel has many modern touches without losing the old building feel.  The elevators are "cozy" to say the least - more than 3 people with luggage and it's full.  And they're slow - but that's part of the old building feel.
bubble_50	Wonderful boutique hotel tucked along West 35 Street.  Elegant, cozy, great staff,and the beds and pillows were the best I ever slept on. Located close to Empire State Building, Macy's, Times Square and Penn Station.  Would definitely go back if planning another trip to NYC.
bubble_50	Excellent base for our trip to New York. Comfortable.  Clean. Very helpful staff. Would definitely stay here again. Only minor downside was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room but otherwise a great hotel.
bubble_50	My sister and I stayed at 'The Gregory' for five nights. The receptionists welcome after a long journey across the Atlantic, could not have been warmer. There were no issues with the lateness of our arrival (nearly Midnight) and she was mercifully quick, giving us just enough information to absorb, after the long days travel.  The next (and every other morning) they would greet us with smiles and wish us nice days (and not just in the clich American way).  I also liked the Welcome Back greeting upon our return.  Lovely touch.   Matthew the concierge/doorman was there most times to give us a big smile (if he wasnt, Colin was). Both were lovely, but Matthew in particular helped me on our last day when we tried to contact our airport transfer company.  Matthew took control and
bubble_50	We had a grand time in this hotel BUT got disappointed when we learned that BUFFET breakfast was no longer part of the rate that we paid.  Apparently, they had a change in management (New Name the Gregory Hotel)  and took out the buffet breakfast BUT the staff were kind enough to at least  serve toast and coffee.  There was one day, when they did not serve breakfast at all but they reimbursed our breakfast.  All in all we had a grand stay as the room was very nice, spacious and clean, the staff were very accommodating. Great Location, very central, near Herald Square, Empire state, Macy's, H and M etc
bubble_30	Lovely staff, very helpful, printed out passes and our boarding cards for us. Nice bathroom, nice bedroom, only thing to let the hotel down was the very noisy air conditioning.  Very central right next door to Empire State Building
bubble_40	We stayed at The Gregory for a week on 12th October - our first trip to New York. On arrival, the reception staff were very welcoming with a speedy check in. Our room was on the 4th floor. Good size with four windows and a view of the ESB which looked great lit up when we arrived! The bathroom was very small but it was fine as shower was great. The bed was the comfiest bed we have slept in and was wonderful after hours of walking! Great location, subway 1min walk and close to everything.  I would highly recommend the hotel and we had an amazing stay in  New York.
bubble_50	My sister and I are golden oldies in our 70's.  We have stayed at the Gregory (formerly Comfort Inn and Hotel 35) for the past 12 years as we celebrate "sisters' week" together exploring New York City.  Safety of the neighborhood and convenient location are of greatest importance to us.  The Gregory couldn't be at a more convenient location as we are subway riders to get around the city.  Coming back "home" at midnight we have always felt completely safe walking from the subway station to the hotel, less than half a block away.  The hotel is beautiful after its renovation, but it is the staff that makes our visit so special and keeps us coming back.  We keep coming back because of the welcoming, friendly, efficient, and professional staff.  Over and over, the staff performs many
bubble_50	The Gregory is in a great location right in the midst of Herald Square shopping and just a quick walk to Penn Station and Madison Square Garden.  Restorations have just been completed, and the decor is beautifully-suited for this historic building.  The look is very sophisticated and reminded me of the type of place I envision writers and literary types would frequent a century ago.  Think light marble and dark bookshelves, clean and sharp taste.  The room I stayed in was a double with two queens which with crisp white comfy hotel bedding.  The room was small, as expected in the city, but very nice and comfortable.  The bathroom was also well-appointed in the theme's classy decor.  We ate a late lunch at the hostel's bistro, and the food was really good.  We had "bar bites" -
bubble_30	Stayed at the Gregory for four nights to start our vacation. Staff were friendly and the rooms adequate. The central location just off 5th Av and right under Empire State Building means that you are good to walk to most attractions. Our only tip (from this UK based couple); catch your cab on the side of the block you need. It can take an age to get around a block to where you want to be going. Must sees: ESB, Top of the Rock, Central Park, 9/11 memorial, Brooklyn Bridge (walk it and go to one of the little pubs). Times Square, take in a Broadway show, Statue of Liberty, GCS. 4 days is plenty for all this..but they'll be full on days. Now heading to Boston for a breather!
bubble_50	We stayed at The Gregory on 15th September for 4 nights. From the moment the taxi stopped outside to the bell boy loading our luggage the staff were all wonderful. Extremely knowledgable and helpful. Our room had two large beds, bathroom with bath and shower and plenty of storage. Also a safe and bottled water and air con. We were in room 607 which was beautifully clean with white linen edged with dark green trim which echoed the architrave and dark woodwork giving a very tranquil atmosphere. There was noise from surrounding building work but they seem to be rebuilding most of New York.  I hope to go back soon and would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in New York. The end of our road faced Maceys was five minutes walk from Time Square.
bubble_30	We visited at a very busy time.  Paid $423 per night tax included.  The bathroom was tiny.  The sink was sized for a doll house.  The room was ok size and the bed was excellent. Elevators were very slow.   The hallways are very bizarre.  However, the staff was friendly and responsive, especially in morning at the free coffee bar.  At a lower rate I would have been much happier. Or at a 3 or 3.5 star level.  Decent location. Not great for theatre if u walk, but you will probably get there faster if you do.
bubble_50	This hotel has only been open a few months, but I'm quite sure that its ratings will continue to climb if others have the same excellent experience that we did. It was previously a Comfort Inn among other renditions of hotels dating back to its creation in 1903.  LOCATION Excellent - you are a few steps away from the GIANT 9-story Macy's on Broadway and Herald Square. There are subway lines less than a minute away and plenty of great bars and restaurants. We got into town late the first night we were there, and had an excellent late dinner at the place next door, Brendan's.  STAFF Very friendly and helpful - my husband and I were on a last minute visit to the area, and we had a great time visiting with the bartender, Billy, both nights that we stayed there. He makes a mean
bubble_40	We stayed here twice before when the hotel was the comfort inn and really enjoyed our stays so when it came to our 3rd NY trip we didn't consider any other hotels but this one! When the hotel changed name twice  before we arrived we were a bit concerned that the service wouldn't be as good and just assumed they'd give the place a lick of paint but when we arrived we were really impressed by the transformation! The lobby and adjoining coffee bar is now seriously stylish and the rooms look great!  Check in was quick and easy and we were pleased with our room, we had a great view of the Empire State building. The bathroom was very, very small and cramped but as there were only 2 of us and we're quite slight it wasn't an issue. It was clean, looked good and had decent toiletries.
bubble_40	Stayed here 4th-8th October.  It's really friendly, the staff are so nice and welcoming as soon as you're through the door.  Had a twin double room which had a small walk in closet, and a small but well appointed bathroom.  The beds were really comfortable.  We were up on the 11th floor, and whilst I know some people have complained that it was noisy, seriously - this is the centre of New York city, you gotta expect some noise - it's clearly beyond the hotels control and It wasn't that bad.  I was a bit put out that there was no coffee making facilities in the room, but there is complimentary tea and coffee served down in the bar in the mornings (really good coffee) which suited us just fine.  I would definitely stay here again when I'm next in New York city.  Everywhere is easy
bubble_30	Very friendly staff!  They make you feel at home the second you step in the door.  My room was nice and updated!  THE PROBLEM is the window air conditioner that lets in all the street noise and the building below has several a/c units that you can hear in your room!!!  (ALL NIGHT LONG)  I must say I have never stayed in a hotel that was this noisy!!!!!   For a 4 star hotel I would think they would offer either room service or have a coffee pot in your room!!!!  NO!!!!  They don't offer either.  I do not feel that this property should have a 4 star rating!!!  Once out of the lobby you step into a 2 star hotel!!!  I feel I was mislead by the pictures!!!  I am moving hotels tomorrow ,so hopefully I can sleep some on this trip.
bubble_50	My friend and I decided to meet up in NYC for the weekend. We had an amazing time at the Gregory and it was perfect for what we needed.   I have been to NYC numerous times and have made the mistake staying in areas away from midtown such as upper west side, the financial district which were not easily accessible to everything. The Gregory was excellent! 2x subway lines at the end of the road, a short stroll to times square, a couple of blocks from the high line and a beautiful boutique hotel.  All the finishing touches were appreciated such as the leather visitor book, the folded towel on the bath, the extreme cleanliness, the free tea and coffee downstairs in the morning and the ice cold water with cucumber and lemon.  We loved our stay at the Gregory and got a great last
bubble_10	Had a really poor stay here this week.  For around $600 per night I got: - a tiny room (even though it was a "King room") - really noisey and only single glazing - a noisey air conditioning unit that I complained most nights about but nothing was done about - tiny bathroom - uncomfortable shower  Really are many many better hotels in Ny which more friendly front of house staff
bubble_50	We had a 3 city holiday for my Husband's 50th. I wrote to all hotels and this was the only one that acknowledged it. At check in we were greeted with Congratulations and a lovely bottle of wine in our room. We loved this hotel from start to finish, to the extremely friendly staff to the room and location. The location is fantastic! Our room was a little noisy but I think that was mainly due to the Pope's visit!!!. There was a full sized fridge which was a first on our 15 night trip. Thank you so much for making us feel so welcome
bubble_50	We stayed here for 4 nights on a Virgin holiday. Very friendly welcome on arrival, allocated Room 603 - very spacious room with 2 queen beds, plenty of storage, small but well-equipped bathroom, all spotless. Room included large flat-screen TV, full-sized fridge, iron and ironing board, safe, complimentary bathroom accessories and dressing gowns and really fluffy towels. The room overlooked the road which was quite noisy but we soon got used to this and slept well in the really comfortable beds. Breakfast was as we expected - pastries, muffins, bagels, croissants, yoghurts, fruit juice, fresh fruit, coffee and tea. Others have complained about this but we saw it as a bonus as most US hotels don't offer anything. Great free WIFI with use of a computer and printer in the basement
bubble_40	Solid location near Penn Station, Midtown, ect. Also easy car access to LGA.  Lobby is small, but meets the needs. Free coffee in the AM and free wifi.  Room was good. Had some issues with the floor under the carpet being uneven. So the floor was uneven and seems cracked. Also, one of my windows would not fully close. Plenty of outlets to charge your gear. Window Unit AC to keep the room at your desired temp.  My biggest issue was the bathroom. Very european and small. I've stayed in dozens of hotels in NYC and this bathroom meets Paris standards.  Yes, I would return. The location works well for my business trips.
bubble_40	This hotel is centrally located a block from The Empire State, Macys and the subway An old building that has recently been renovated but has kept some of its nice character. Some have mentioned the small lifts but hey its an old building. The adjacent restaurant (Brendan's) was good with a small selection but good quality as was the bar , which didn't get too rowdy. The hotel staff (particularly the bellboy Matthew) couldn't do enough. We would go there again.
bubble_30	We booked via expedia into "hotel 35 at herald square" only to find it named "the Gregory" when we arrived....slight confusion upon arrival and when looking for hotel. The check in process was somewhat painful. An employee sitting at a table in lobby with a laptop...somewhat "Mr Bean-ish" attempted to check us in. He manually entered my credit card info wrong and stated it was declined. My husbands card seemed to work....a quick call to master card confirmed it was the users error, not my card. We were not supplied log in info to the wifi upon check in, when we Called "Mr Bean" to assist us he provided part of the log in. After more calls and a trip to the front desk, he stated he didn't know why it wasn't working, maybe something wrong with the wifi. This was inconvenient as my
bubble_50	This hotel really is in the heart of it all, Empire state building only 2 blocks away, Macys at the end of the street and many more sightseeing attractions at your finger tips. This is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at, the staff are extremely attentive and will make your stay very enjoyable. Booking in and out are very quick and made easy by the attentive staff, thay even came outside to ensure our pick up was made and were willing to make calls to speed up our pick up service. Very well done by all the Gregory staff and a great big thank you to all the staff who were friendly, helpful and extremely good sevice was given by all
bubble_40	The Gregory is what is classed as a boutique hotel not sure why. It is small but very big on comfort it has had a complete refurb the rooms are well equipped with air conditioning however the room we had at the back of the hotel was very noisy traffic wise. It has a bar downstairs serving Continental breakfast with tea coffee and juice. There is free tea and coffee available in the bar from 11.00am til 4.00pm only we found this a problem as there are no facilities in the rooms for tea or coffee. There is an adjoining restraunt  with large Bar open in the early evenings until quite late the food was pretty good but expensive.  The staff at the hotel were all very pleasant and efficient. The best feature of The Gregory is it's position on 35th and 5/6th Ave, Empire State Building
bubble_50	Loved this hotel, especially bruiser of the wonderland front desk manager and lovely bell desk staff. Booked this hotel last minute and they really took care of my requests with big smiles.   I stayed at a wonderful room with a fantastic view, couldn't ask for anything better.
bubble_50	I travel to NYC quite a bit and my company usually picks my hotel...a big brand somewhere near Times Square. I got to pick where I stayed on this trip because it was personal business. I looked at a LOT of hotels in the same price range in the same location (near Chelsea in Koreatown). The Gregory was perfect. It was clean, the staff was fantastic, conveniently located (and away from the maddening throngs of Times Square but close enough that if I had a delusional moment and wanted to experience it first hand, I could...and didn't), and the price was very reasonable. The room was a nice size by NYC standards, and the bed was second to none -- far better than the brand(s) that advertise how great their beds are. The workout room is v-e-r-y limited and if that is of paramount
bubble_40	This is my third stay at the Gregory in two months, and with each visit, I like the hotel more. They have completed their renovations, so the hotel has improved a lot since my first visit. They do have free guest wifi and free bottled water in the rooms now, and have finally added coffee drinks to the breakfast bar in the lobby.  The Gregory is impeccably clean, well-located, and warm & welcoming. The orange-infused water in the lobby that's new is a nice touch.  In addition, I find the staff to be highly professional and polite. They were showing online as fully booked, but as I'd been there so much lately, I called and they found me a room. When I checked out, they remembered my name from check-in.  The bed sleeps VERY well; although, I do recommend the rooms at the end of the
bubble_50	Enjoyed our stay at this hotel! Close proximity to: Nice sidewalk patio area in front of Macy's with bistro tables to enjoy a coffee or waffle ice-cream, JC Penney and indoor Manhattan mall, Broadway, Metro station steps away, few blocks from Penn Station, Empire State building.   Staff were lovely....liked the tailored tweed vest w jeans "uniform". Very helpful, polite and friendly but unassuming. Complimentary coffee/tea, and lemon ice water were appreciated, and access to computer/internet were appreciated. As a designer, really loved the brand throughout the property with the BeSpoke theme.  Only minor disappointment was that restaurant recommendations were lacking.
bubble_50	We stayed for 3 days at the beginning of August 2015. It's a perfect location very near to the Empire State so you are in the centre, great for getting to everywhere you want to if you are a 1st time tourist like me.  Beds were really comfortable with quality sheets and mattresses.  Staff were really friendly, helpful and polite but not overbearing with a good sense of humour.   Breakfast was European continental and onsite.  We all really enjoyed our stay there.  Just sorry it took me so long to write this review!  Free wi-fi and the lamps had recharging points for USB which was very handy.  Very good safe for valuables.  I only gave it 4 points for the room because the air conditioning dripped at one point but I'm sure that could be fixed.
bubble_40	Classy and newly renovated hotel. Large hotel room and very clean. The location is right in the middle of everything, but at the same time a bit noisy (we stayed on 3rd floor). Next time we'll ask for a room on a higher floor. The internet was a bit unstable so not ideal if you are in business and will spend lonely night in the hotel room working.
bubble_50	We have just returned from a 10 night stay at The Gregory. What an amazing hotel. Lovely staff and any  questions or problems were dealt with efficiently and didn't seem like we were causing any inconvenience. With great views of the Empire State building from our room. We got engaged whilst were were staying there and the staff congratulated us and we always accommodating.
bubble_40	We were looking for a hotel in midtown Manhattan that wasn't ridiculously pricey.  This hotel fit our needs perfectly.  We had no intention of spending a lot of time in the hotel room, but still wanted a good night's sleep.  The Gregory perfectly met our needs.  The location is so convenient -- we could easily walk to Times Square, our Broadway show, Rockefeller Center and everything else on 5th Avenue.  Even the walk to the High Line was pleasant and not too too far.  Our room was small, especially the bathroom, but it was clean and adequate.  The bed was very comfortable, and we had all the amenities that we needed.  The staff was very helpful and pleasant, and made every effort to accommodate our early arrival and to make our stay enjoyable.  We'll very likely stay here again!
bubble_20	Cons:   - After a day trip out with my cousin and mother, I was horrified to find that the cleaner (or so I hoped) had left our room door unlocked and opened. No words can describe how horrified we were after coming back exhausted from a day of site seeing to find that our personal belongings, money and jewelry was exposed to the other residents of the hotel. Luckily nothing was taken. - Breakfast is the poorest that I have ever had. Continental breakfast of sweet pastries, tea and coffee, yogurt and orange juice. The worst thing is we were told  we could have 1 EACH. One pastry and one fruit. I was left hungry and would of got more in a prison then I did there. I  have never stayed in a hotel where I was told that I could only have one pastry. There were about 22 pastries
bubble_30	Have just returned from a ten night stay at the Gregory in new York. The wi fi was very patchy only seemed to work in our bedroom and then not always. Used it to keep in touch with my daughter back in England. After having stayed here  a couple of years ago whilst it was know as the comfort in was disappointed in the breakfast which was mainly a selection of pastries,friut and yogurts. Staff where all very helpful and matt was still there with his beaming smile Phil and Richard Bradley
bubble_50	Recently back from  the Gregory (formerly Hotel 35 and Comfort Inn) after a fabulous 4 nights stay - 14th to 18th August.  We arrived late afternoon to a warm welcome and a very quick check in.  We were on the 11th floor facing the front of the hotel - unlike others we didn't seem to have any bother with noise.  Our recently renovated room was spacious, and had 2 double beds which I have to say were very comfy and welcoming after pounding the Streets of New York. The room had fridge, tv, toiletries, bathrobes and toiletries.  The continental breakfast was in with our package and had a lovely selection of pastries, muffins, yogurts, fruit and croissants along with tea, coffee, orange juice and water.  The staff were all very pleasant and all were genuinely interested in what you
bubble_40	We arrived before our check in time and the porter Matt was so welcoming along with the receptionist, they put our luggage into storage and we were free to start our adventure in New York. The new refurbished lobby gave a great feeling of old time New York.  Our family AC room with a back view of The Empire State Building was great with a bonus fridge freezer to use as we wished. 2 double beds very comfy after a full day out and good complimentary breakfast served in the bar area every morning which was a perfect way to start the day.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples and families as location is central to all attractions Including Times Square.
bubble_50	The hotel also known as Hotel35 is conveniently located on West 35th Street. It is very close to Penn Station and Times Square. It is clean and a modest place with very nice staff. Rooms are also exceptionally clean and neat with very comfortable bedding. I strongly recommend for short term visits to NewYork.
bubble_50	The Gregory reopened this summer after extensive renovation to their lobby and rooms  -- the effort was clearly worth it.  The rooms are nicely appointed with comfortable beds and excellent AC (important in the summer).  The lobby is a nicely done rendition of the original early 19th century lobby of the Hotel Gregorio (pictures in the lobby show its grand former appearance), roomy and comfortable with a bar/cafe.  The hotel is located in lower midtown within several blocks of Times Square and other attractions, and is in an up and coming neighborhood with a lot of good pubs and restaurants.  It is also very convenient to both Grand Central or the PATH train if you are traveling in the Metro area.  Perhaps most notable about the hotel was the "go the extra mile" attitude of the
bubble_40	Spent 3 nights here and the staff could not be more Accomodating.  From the doorman to the front desk staff especially Brian and Diane.  Rooms are completely redone as many others have mentioned.  Beds are extremely comfortable and the bath products, although in reusable containers are quite luxurious and smell amazing.. Rooms that face the front are very noisy, so if you are a light sleeper I suggest you ask for a room on a high floor in the back (this will also afford you a great view of the Empire State Building).  Free coffee and tea are available from 6 am to 4 pm.  Small water bottles are left in the room daily free of charge.  This boutique hotel still continues to have a few kinks to work out, the second elevator was still not in operation as of August 25 th and
bubble_50	My son and I just got from New York and stayed at the Gregory. The staff was exceptionally personable and attentive. I must mention Matthew the doorman/concierge, he was so super friendly and kind. Everyday we were greeted by Matthew always asking us if there is anything we need, etc. Super friendly staff! The rooms which are newly renovated are fresh, chic and very comfortable. The location of the hotel is PERFECT! Overall, I would definitely stay here again. Very happy guest and her son from Toronto.
bubble_40	The bed and pillows were SUPER comfortable.  The location was excellent.  The B, D, F, M, N, Q, and R lines were at the corner.  The 6 line was a 10 minute walk away.  Macy's is right down the street, the Empire State Building is a block away.  There is a Duane Reader drug store at the corner which is convenient for necessities you forgot or water/snacks for the room.  Being a newer property, it was clean.  The daily room freshening was simple; the bed was made and the towels were replenished.  We received free small bottles of water, however, not every day.   Elevators are an issue in most NYC hotels.  Request a lower level room.  We were on the 3rd floor and used the stairs almost exclusively.  One elevator was down so only one was functioning and there are 15 floors.  Lower
bubble_30	We stayed for two nights and had mixed feelings about the experience, considering it was the most expensive out of all the places we stayed,  We booked the hotel through a phone application (which we had done three times previously throughout the week with no problems) however the hotel couldn't find our booking. The lady at the counter told us she would call the manager to deal with the matter..until someone approached us we waited in the busy lobby for over 35 minutes. The manager seemed like she wanted to help us and organized us a room however got distracted by another customer in the middle of dealing with us and again we waited another 15 minutes.  The rooms were small but clean, modern and stylish. Unfortunately someone had been smoking in our bathroom through its small
bubble_50	The staff was amazing at check in!  The location was great!  Within walking distance to time square, vey convenient to the subway system.  The only negative was the elevator - it was very slow. The room was spotless and we had an overall wonderful experience.
bubble_40	We stayed at Hotel 35 mid renovation. We were made aware of the building works before we traveled.  The not so good bits: The lobby was a mess and these seemed no clear route to exit the building on foot. As only one of the lifts was in service, it could take a while to get out in the morning unless you took the stairs. The hotel preauthorises $250 on our travellers cards without explaining that these funds wouldn't be available. It would have been more helpful for them to suggest using a credit card. This reduced our spending money and took time to rectify. The worst bit by far was breakfast. There was nobody around to show you to your seat. Plates were paper and cutlery was plastic. Most items on offer were empty.  The good bits: The room was stunning. Freshly decorated to a
bubble_50	I stayed at the Gregory at the end of July- a day before its grand opening (booked it as 35 Herald Square) Despite this obviously busy time we were well looked after. All of the renovations were completed before we arrived and the hotel looked great!   The location was perfect- right near the Empire State Building and walkable to many other locations such as Times Square and the Rockefeller centre, with a subway station at the end of the street for exploring further afield.   I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York City!
bubble_40	After 25 years together I surprised my partner at Christmas with a trip to New York to get married in February (the coldest one for 99 years) following guidelines posted  by someone on here and it was a great success.  http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/ShowTopic-g60763-i5-k6032001-Getting_Married_in_NYC_A_Brief_Guide_For_Overseas_Visitors-New_York_City_New_York.html  If you need, a witness/ photographer there are 2 guys who work in the reception are who will do this for a very reasonable fee. We used Johnny on the Spot, who was a gentleman the photos were perfect, and it was a pleasure having him as a witness, you can also by a bouquet from a shop on site who have an extensive selection to chose from, one tip avoidd Fridays as they are extremely busy with locals.  The Gregory was
bubble_30	Nice hotel in a good location (right outside the heart of hells kitchen):  -The rooms wee clean and spacious (for new york city) -Amazing decoration/ aesthetic/ and overall feel to the rooms   -Horrible elevators; The 1 elevator they had working was old, tiny, and took 10 minutes to get from the top floor to the lobby -Not the best customer service -There was not a working safe (it took 3 different rooms to get this right)  Overall, the trendy hotel has a nice aesthetic and is spacious for NYC but some elements were still missing when I visited.
bubble_40	The location was terrific to our stay: central to MSG, 5th avenue, Times Square, and Broadway, all of which we walked to/through. Hotel staff (especially the door man) were very friendly and helpful. The elevators are quite small and old-looking, but really, how much do elevators matter to you? I'd say the same about the stairs: very cramped stairwells. Our room was a good size for a NYC hotel. Water pressure was a bit of a downer in the shower, and the wifi service was lousy. Also, two local garages supposedly have a parking deal with The Gregory, but one of them flat out told us that they don't, and the other had to scratch their heads a bunch before realizing that The Gregory is the same hotel that used to be called Hotel 35 and begrudgingly offering us the discount. Overall,
bubble_40	What a great room we had to escape the hustle and bustle that is NYC! It was quiet and welcoming with everything we needed. The usual small bathroom and I do mean small was fine and clean. The bed was more than comfy and I feel asleep in a nano second. The folks in the reception area could not have been better! Their attentiveness and follow through was exemplary; always smiling too - even the doormen were so helpful!  The only negative was only one elevator was operable during our stay and we were on the 8th floor.  The day of checkout I was nervous we would be late for our flight as the elevator is very small and we had to wait 5 cycles in order to finally get space on the way down.  The maids and service folks have to share the elevator so it makes it a bit of a challenge.
bubble_40	We were there for 3 days and this was a great choice of a hotel. Great friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is located in Midtown and close to the Empire State Building, Herald Square and a few blocks from Time Square. The subway and parking garage is also close by. The room was clean and cozy. Our room came with a minifridge which is helpful with children. The bathroom was nice and clean too. The only disappointment was only 1 working elevator. Lucky we were on the 2nd floor. Would stay there again on our next family trip to NYC.
bubble_50	Cool hotel and all the refurbishment is complete. The rooms are very pleasant indeed with comfortable beds and nice bathrooms. The location is perfect for Time Square, Theatre District and shopping in Macy's. Had trouble finding the hotel as it changed names from Hotel 35 and our travel company didn't tell us!
bubble_30	My 23 yr old son and I stayed here for 2 nights on a much anticipated weekend in NYC. This hotel has recently been renovated and now is called The Gregory. Arriving hot and tired after a 10 hour bus ride, only to find that the room I had booked with 2 double beds was not available. I was told that they "ran out of rooms." We were given separate rooms on the opposite ends of the 3rd floor. I am actually glad we had rooms on the lower floor because we used the stairs the whole time .The elevator was old, slow, and rather scary looking. The drawback to being on the lower floors is street noise. It was incredibly noisy all night long as our rooms faced west 35th street. I'm used to noise but this was crazy noisy.   The lobby is very pretty. The rooms are large with nice furnishings.
bubble_40	We stayed here 1-5 August 2015. Very friendly, helpful staff who were keen to know how you were enjoying your stay and if they could do anything for you.   Yes, as in other reviews, one lift was out of order and due to be fixed by 5 August. This did make the lifts a bit crowded and the wait times a longer, but overall not a major issue.   The rooms are lovely, well finished, spacious ( big walk in wardrobe) with very comfy beds. Brand new bathrooms with great toiletries. Plenty clean fresh towels.  Rooms were cleaned / made up daily and fresh towels provided. The only issue I found with the cleaning was the tops of the unit / desk were not dusted but a quick wipe sorted that out. Other than that - spotless.   Great continental breakfast served with plenty choice of pastries but
bubble_10	Pros:  Reception staff and especially the bellman and Lidia were very friendly and tried to be helpful but they were overwhelmed. Beds were very comfortable. Our request for special bedding was followed up and accommodated.  Cons: Only 1 working elevator.  This elevator was old, small and slow and was expected to deal with all guest and staff (there is no service elevator) traffic leading to waits of up to 20 minutes for it to arrive to the 9th floor!  Most people on lower floors gave up and took the stairs. The rooms are air conditioned but nowhere is it mentioned that they are window units which are loud and basically ugly. There is no complimentary coffee as mentioned on the website There was only 1 robe and no slippers in our room which had 2 double beds The Fitness Facility
bubble_10	Overnight trip into Manhattan with my teenaged daughter and her friend so we booked at this hotel. NO mention of ongoing construction on the website and the room was NOT cheap (over $400 with tax). No one was particularly apologetic or helpful - tough on us. Good luck with your new hotel! You should not be in the service industry.
bubble_50	Great hotel just about 50 yards from subway. Great for sightseeing Empire State on next block. Macy's close by. It's a walkable distance to Times Square. Breakfast included to set you up for a day of sight seeing.
bubble_30	Visited here in mid July, hotel was lovely and they have done very well with the refurbishment, good location too within walking distance of both 5th av and Times Square. Only issue was upon arrival our hotel room had not been cleaned after the last guests had gone and guest services were not much help but reception were quick to resolve the issue. The hotel does have a bit of 'the shining' vibe to it mind or perhaps an abounded mental hospital
bubble_40	This was the first time to NYC, from 23rd June to 27th June 2015. The hotel is in a great location, close to Time square, Empire State Building, Macy's, 10 min walk to broadway,shopping, hop on hop off bus stop is at the end of the road. On 5th Avenue.   We had a family room for four, two double beds, ensuite, bathroom c/w bath and shower, walk in wardrobe, TV, and free wifi. Room was clean fresh and at he back of the hotel so very quite. There was some minor disruption during our stay, but this was not a problem, this was while the hotel was in the finishing phase of refurbishment. This hotel will offer fantastic  accommodation and a good base and location to explore NYC when completed.   We had breakfast in the hotel each morning. Breakfast was plentiful and with a good choice
bubble_50	I was there on 18th-23rd July. We had great pleasure there. The staff is very helpful and attentive. I got a room with the Empire State Building view and It was so pleasant. The amenities are good to my hair and skin. The location is perfect; near Fifth avenue, near Macy, near Timesq. You can climb to the subway without hurting your knee yet as it is super close to the hotel. I will definitely come back and stay here if I ever go to NYC. The Korean restaurant Hanbat across the street is also a good idea for an extraordinary breakfast. I love you, the Gregory.
bubble_40	The Gregory is a boutique hotel offering comfortable rooms, an excellent location, and fantastic service at a reasonable price.   The service was what really distinguished The Gregory. After arriving from a long business trip (and dressed in non-business attire), I was immediately greeted by 3 people on staff and escorted to a seat to check-in. I was a little early, but they had my room ready to go despite being nearly booked. While I checked in, one of the staff members discussed the Yankees with me. Each staff member was extremely pleasant and just went above and beyond to ensure our stay was a comfortable one.   The lobby and rooms were very nicely decorated and it was clear that the hotel had recently been renovated. The rooms had a lot of space by New York City standards
bubble_40	This hotel is ideally suited for sight-seeing. It's on a side street and at one end of the street there is a subway station. The hotel staff are extremely helpful and can advise the best routes for wherever you're heading to. If you go parts the subway you can get to Macy's etc. The Empire State is pretty much round the corner at the other end of the street.  The room was fairly small but spotless and let's face it- you're not in in NYC to sit in a room. The bed was comfy and clean and there was a tv and adequate heating/air con system. We paid for or breakfast which I have to say was a little limited. I would return to this hotel but leave breakfast and get it elsewhere as there are plenty of other choices for a similar price.   Free wifi!
