bubble_50	Thank you to Pradeep the manager who really went above and beyond to fix an issue a year ago and make our second family stay at the peninsula amazing. An iconic property with excellent service and accommodations
bubble_50	The Peninsula may be the best hotel in the city! Often you pay a premium price for a mediocre experience. Here you pay a premium price and feel that the promise was delivered. The staff is incomparable. Every touch makes you feel special - including (maybe especially) housekeeping, room service, bellmen - right down the line! While I am happy to rave about our experience at the hotel, I need to add that the rooftop bar is a separate animal. We visited on multiple occasions and always felt that we entered the real New York. The one where the staff doesn't care and you are on your own in the concrete jungle - but still paying a premium price. Having shared the negative, I want to end by saying we loved our stay at The Peninsula and will be back whenever in NYC.
bubble_40	You get what you pay for in service here.  All the staff were attentive and polite. Doors always opened, questions answered and special requests accomplished. I, however, am a simple soul, and just have to have a coffee maker in my room to get ready in the am.  Room service and interacting that early is not going to happen.  So I brought my own little coffee maker and was happy. The gym is lovely, with a great view of the city. My room just had a view of building wall, but I am sure for more money a room view is possible. It was a gift to me to stay there, so I am grateful to have the experience.  On my budget, I will be staying elsewhere and spending the rest on food and entertainment.  If you have the discretionary income though, this is the place.  Opulent, comfortable and
bubble_50	This was our third time in NY and we always had a great experience however this time was even better as we stayed in the Peninsula New York where we had an amazing stay!! We travel a lot so we know about service and our experience in The Peninsula was one of our best experiences so far... from the moment of our arrival until our departure, everything was a 5 Dimond experience.  The staff is wonderful and always ready to help, our room was beautiful and the amenities are first class and a lot there are so many details here that we didnt wanted to leave   The location is one of the best in NY, near Central Park, Rockefeller Center, St Patricks Cathedral, etc so we were happy to walk everywhere and comeback to our beautiful hotel,  The SPA and Gym were amazing as well as all
bubble_10	We booked a three day trip at The Pennisula New York City last weekend.  We had stayed many times years ago and were excited to celebrate our 30th Anniversary there.  A week before arriving I read a series of reviews in TripAdvisor that the hotel had fallen on disrepair and had become tired and beat...  Worried about these reviews I emailed the hotel in advance of arriving and explained my concerns. I was promised I had nothing to worry about and that they were aware of these reviews and concerns and assured me we would receive a fresh wonderfully appointed room consistent with what was a five star hotel(please note the nightly rates are that of a five start hotel).  Upon checking in our room was not ready(not a big deal) however when we returned 2 hours later and went to our
bubble_50	Really loved our 5 nights here - what a place! Perfectly located. We spent every morning in the spa, enjoying a sauna, swim and chill out (perfect for killing jetlag time). Rooms are elegantly decorated with plenty of storage space. Lovely beds & linens. Good bathroom with large towels and toiletries. And nice oversized robes plus incredibly luxurious slippers. We had breakfast in the main restaurant and it was absolutely fantastic, but the bill was astronomical ($167). We preferred having breakfast in our robes by the pool - and the coffee is free there too, saving the $12 per coffee charge downstairs!
bubble_50	Just returned from a 4 night stay at The Peninsula.  Frequently visit NYC but 1st time at this hotel. Wont be the last. Very pleased with all aspects of my stay. Location is super convenient.  Hotel is just the right size; small enough to feel boutiquey. But large enough to offer full scale of services. The concierge was helpful on a couple of occasions and the service overall was top notch. Perfect balance of warm, but not fawning.  All delivered effortlessly. My deluxe King room was spacious, well appointed, and even had technology that I was able to understand and was functionable without asking for help.  Not a discount price-point, but good value.  I was very happy with my voice and plan to be back.
bubble_40	Old style hotel that is located just off 5th Avenue. The Gotham Bar is nice for afternoon tea and the lobby has some great artwork on display. Hotel overall is a little dated. Service is good. Recommended
bubble_50	Sadly, I was only in town for two nights but happily The Peninsula did not disappoint. Quiet room, comfortable bed, a spacious bathroom all added up to an enjoyable stay. The reception at the door and Front Desk was up to the usual high standard and coupled with the efficient service from the Concierge confirmed my impression of this hotel being grande luxe. Looking forward to my next visit.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is the epitome of pure luxury and impeccable service! We were visiting from Hong Kong and it was wonderful to experience the high quality  consistent service that we are accustomed to, at The Peninsula properties. Samir ensured our every requests were catered for, taking our visit to the next level of personalisation. Janset and Stephanie ensured we had a smooth check in experience and made themselves available at every opportunity necessary. One morning we decided to go to Clement for breakfast and I was truly taken aback  with the excellent service that was provided by all staff which included both local New Yorkers and Hong Kong Chinese.  After this stay I don't think I will be able to stay at any other hotel in New York! Thank you for an absolutely wonderful
bubble_30	I love peninsula hotels but this one is not worth the visit. The hotel is dated - especially the elevators. But also the rooms -  we had a room on the 6th floor with no natural light whatsoever. There is also unfortunately no deferential treatment for hotel guests. We intended to have a drink and dinner on the rooftop bar and unfortunately the people who were regulars were given tables ahead of us even though they came in after us. Super disappointing service from what is the best hotel chain in the world. We were there during U.N. week which when they emailed us to advise us - they should have advised how disruptive this would really be. No elevator availability- security check point to get in? It was like TSA. Horrible experience. The one outlier was the spa. Fantastic service
bubble_20	I was excited to stay at The Peninsula during our recent trip to New York, but unfortunately, it wasn't a great experience. First, the good: the location is great and the check-in process was quick and friendly. But our room was uncomfortable. It was small, which wouldn't really bother me, but the bed was so hard. I woke up after the first night with back and neck aches, which is rare for me. Aside from that, the room was really loudwe kept waking up all night from the people walking above us and outside the room. Since a good night's sleep is the number one thing I want from a hotel, The Peninsula was a disappointment, especially for the price.  A few smaller things: we had lunch at the restaurant. The food was okay, but it was really expensive for what it was, and we were
bubble_30	A very nice, classic, somewhat dated hotel. The staff was great, the place is luxurious, but the mattress in my room was hard and uncomfortable. The room service food was shockingly bad and seriously overpriced.
bubble_50	Stayed for a long weekend with my daughter. The hotel is very classic and has all the features for a luxury property. The spa is a must visit as the treatment options are outstanding. The amenities within it are small but its not crowded so it was fine. Theres a rooftop bar that was extremely lively at night with a ridiculous view of Central Park and the city. I especially loved how central this property is to all the shopping you can wish for. Its right across the street from Tiffanys where we had breakfast!!  We booked a 2 Queen room and found the beds to be extraordinary! Staff were classically accommodating.  My only wish would have been to have the classic doorman experience when the doorman gets the door for you....besides that everything else was perfect!
bubble_40	This hotel is right off of 5th Avenue.  So the Location couldnt be better!   Great rooftop bar so it was nice to go up there before we headed out for dinner. The hallway that led you to the elevator for the rooftop bar had an extremely bad/ musty smell both nights .  No usb chargers in the room.  Hotel Could use a refresh its very traditional looking.   I prefer an updated modern hotel.    Staff was great upon check in as well as the concierge was helpful before we arrived with their recommendations.
bubble_30	Stayed at the Peninsula for 6 nights. A very well situated hotel in New York. I think it is time for a refresh. The rooms are nice but not up to the standard you would expect. No USB charge points,curtain hems unravelled. Having stayed in Hong Kong and Bangkok Peninsulas this is a step back. New York means little lounge areas but a hall between the lifts with a couple of chairs is not good enough.Yes you can sit in bars as we did but $12 plus coffees yes a bill of$24 plus tax for two is way over the top. $10 for a snickers bar in the mini bar. Dont say this is NYC this is overcharging. On the plus side are the staff. Front desk room attendants and breakfast staff friendly and efficient.  Door personnel a thankless job but not overly conscientious. Would I say this hotel would
bubble_50	The hotel was very nice , great service , great view , good location in Manhattan , close to Central Park and its right on 5-th Avenue  Also Jonathan ,the hotel manager was great ! Will go back again :)
bubble_50	My family and I stayed here in June and had the best time.  Staff is excellent and will go out of their way to make sure your visit is great.  Rooms are large and well appointed.  Beds are extremely comfortable and you can't beat the location.  This was are second stay here and we will be back next time we are in the city.
bubble_50	I travel every week and have very high standards. This hotel exceeded my expectations at every level. Service amazing. Rooms bright and clean. Gym outstanding. I will return for sure. Well done management. Others should learn from you. Beautifully managed hotel
bubble_10	I have booked a junior suite, an executive suite and a superior room for my family during my visit in NY. For both the junior suite and executive suite, the sofa bed was needed to be opened for the period of my stay. Every morning they closed it except for two days. Every time I asked for something, for example, one time I asked for two bottles of water, two bottles of shower gel, the housekeeping would give me 6 bottles of water and 4 bottles of shampoo. It would also take them 20 mins to get the items. The housekeeping also left a stack of pillowcases in the suite one morning I dont know for what purposes. The bathroom floor was not cleaned properly as it was brown when I wiped it when I first arrived my suite. For the superior room, the staff didnt change one of the tissue
bubble_50	Great old school 5 star quality accommodation and service, but with prices to match! We stayed to celebrate my wife's birthday and there was a bottle of the hotels champagne waiting for us in the room! Top quality runs thru the place from the moment the doorman takes your case. The reception is magnificent, am impressive stairway takes you beneath a massive chandelier to a traditional high quality reception and high speed lifts take you to wonderfully appointed rooms where nothing is out of pace and all is right with the world. We had a King Room overlooking 5th and were very impressed with presentation and total quality. The restaurants provide well served gourmet food and the roof top bar is a place to see and be seen in! Shame so many other larger buildings now surround the
bubble_50	Having always stayed at the plaza I was somewhat shocked to find that the peninsula hotel simply surprised me to death!  What a hotel, friendly kind and caring staff who cant do enough for you. The roof top deck at sundown is special as is the helpful concierge.  I cant understand why I havent stayed here before. Dont get me wrong the plaza is wonderful but there is just something about the Peninsula that sets it apart! New York can be a little disjointed and the people can be slightly unthoughtful... not here! They truly love their jobs and they want to deliver a world class service which they do!  My only issue is that I didnt stay here long enough and had to return home. But I will be returning with my family early next year and I wont hesitate to stay here. The gym is
bubble_50	I was in NYC this weekend on a business trip.  I stayed at The Peninsula hotel.  It is a wonderful hotel with a rooftop deck that has great views, a nice gym, and it is in a very good location.   What makes it such a great hotel is the staff.  Everyone there goes out of their way to make sure everything about your stay is perfect. Shuma Miah at the front desk spent time with me explaining what the hotel had to offer to a friend's teenagers that would make their first trip to NYC special. Her efforts show the care with which this hotel treats its guests.
bubble_50	The spa at The Peninsula is terrific.  I've been to a number of spas but this is right there at the top.  Had a swedish massage, 60 minutes, terrific experience, very professional.  The locker room has a a great steamroom which is the nicest I've seen -- something of a rarity these days.  Individual showers give good privacy.  Enjoyed the sauna as well.  Very clean men's room - great staffing really made this spa an oasis.  You will believe you are in Asia, not in the heart of NYC.  Great job.
bubble_30	I was lucky enough to stay in Peninsula Shanghai and Peninsula Paris. Both great experience. While staying in New York I have only got a chance to visit a bar in Peninsula. I loved the view but I was so disappointed with the overall service. It looked like the staff simply did not care for their guests. I was so confused, is this kind of New York style posh-lifestyle? Because for me luxurious hotel lays in true hospitality not just in facilities.
bubble_10	Very late service you call right now and they respond/service in one or two hours Not advisedly to stay here no kettle in the room no headshower in the bathroom the staff is polite but the service is horrible the view was expected to be way better but still we got such a bad view cranking cabinets the TV gets automatically switched off in every half an hour
bubble_40	There are so many great things about this property.  The location at 55th and 5th puts you right in the center of so many of the best parts of the city.  The shopping and food in the area are fantastic.  Although the street is under repair and traffic is generally chaotic  around there, valet parking was a surprisingly smooth experience.  Staff from the doormen to the bell boys to housekeeping to the front desk and concierge were professional and friendly.  Our room was great with an exceptionally large bathroom.  Don't expect great views from the room as most of the rooms are down too low.  But we enjoyed the view of the surrounding buildings just fine.  The indoor pool is special (you can dine at the pool), as are the sundeck and fitness center.  They even have a lovely herb
bubble_40	The hotel could use some sprucing up. It is dated but has a certain charm that hotels that have been updated don't have. Service was friendly and nice. Bar on the second floor for a quick dinner was not very good. Poor service, average food. Our room was very small with a terrible view of walls and HVAC equipment. Rooftop bar is nice but is was cold when we were there and some of the heaters were not working.
bubble_50	I had a wonderful, albeit short, stay at this hotel. It was my third time at the hotel. I received a beautiful upgrade to a large suite, and it made all the difference. The art in the lobby is incomparable, and the staff are absolutely lovely. I was able to entertain colleagues in the lobby bar in opulence. I hope to stay at the hotel again as I continue my work in NYC.
bubble_50	Last time we went to New York for a weekend break, we stayed at the Park Hyatt and we loved it. But this time, as we like to experience different hotels and also as we were coming with the children (and we have seen before in other Peninsula hotels that they do well with children), we decided to opt for the Peninsula. Key positives include: a great location on the 5th, the rooftop bar (with view), very pleasant and large swimming pool (and spa/gym), warm & friendly staff and delicate attention for the kids (birthday cake and decoration for my son's birthday, welcome gifts, "petting zoo" activity in the lobby for Easter...)... One unfortunate glitch (the children's bed was not prepared one evening when coming back from dinner - and the children were tired) and a few things to be
bubble_30	Reached the Property at 11.30am and apparently there were no rooms available till much later in the afternoon. And because we had to go for a business lunch, we made do with what we had on our backs.  Once into the room, you can tell the property is seemingly looking a little tired. Drawer hinges came right off when we were looking for cups while extension wires with open sockets were velcro-ed across the bed side table making it rather odd and and not to mention, unattractive.   The Concierge isn't the warmest given I've met some really amazing ones at the other smaller establishments up in Brooklyn. My new room key was left at the concierge and after a late night out, I approached the reception asking for my room keycard to which I was told I needed to show my ID. And in the
bubble_50	I want to give a shout-out to Eddie at the front desk.  He is French and had been to the property in Paris where we stayed last year.  He said he would make it his mission to have our stay at NYC Peninsula rival the our stay in Paris.  He kept his word. He was helpful, knowledgeable, and courteous.  Other hotel staff were polite and accommodating.  Rooftop bar was a plus and a fun place to grab a drink after nights of going out.    Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	The true assets of the Peninsula are the staff. The staff does everything they could to resolve any issues you may have. The front desk team stayed calm and was empathetic to my frustration. This hotel is insanely expensive, but people go to have an experience that is priceless, and the staff made that happen for me. I am truly delighted with my stay and will return to this landmark hotel.
bubble_40	Luxurious rooms with grand bathrooms and nice amenities.  The concierge weren't of the standard I would expect but the bell boys and the reception staff were fantastic, knowledgeable, helpful and friendly.  The gym is well equipped with lovely views of the city.  A short walk to all the shopping and sights you will ever need.
bubble_40	One of the very best hotels in Manhattan. Staff goes the extra mile to be helpful, providing exceptional service. Rooms are very wide and comfortable. Food is good quality, if a tad pricey, particularly room service. Longer gym opening times has been a real plus. Exceptional location.
bubble_50	We have been guests of The Palace for twenty years, found the hotel not to be what it used to be before it became a Lotte.  Decided to try the Pennsula, what a fabulous hotel, we received a telephone call before our arrival to ask if we had any special preferences.   Greeted at the door by staff, check-in by a lovely girl from Australia who escorted us to the elevator.  Service could never have been better.  The room very large, and the bath, lots of room for both my husband and all my Cosmetics (not always the easiest).  Good bye to The Palace, hello to The Peninsula for the next 20!
bubble_40	My room was great, but below the expectations in term of value and service!  Service is Normal like thousands 4/5 star hotels around the city!   The terrace is so beautiful but the service is not 5 star.   Well, why choose peninsula? Just for the location
bubble_50	This was first stay at the Peninsula Hotel. I have stayed at the Regency and the London many time before with AMEX platinum. The location is great!  Everyone is helpful and polite. This hotel is truly 5 stars and first class. After we arrived our room was ready on a high floor but there was no upgrade possible until the following day. The upgraded room was bigger and wonderful. It made the entire trip great. The breakfast was amazing and service perfect. The roof top bar was cool on Friday night and the gym was spacious and well equipped. They even have an indoor pool. I honestly could not say anything bad about this beautiful hotel. I will definitely stay again and will look into the hotel chain in Asia on a future trip planned.  Dr. Lee Hauer  Room 605
bubble_50	Close to perfection. Lovely room, spacious for NYC, beautiful bathroom, everything clean. Food and drink high quality and well-presented. Even the outrageously expensive cocktails in the rooftop bar were memorable! Location fairly unbeatable. Staff absolutely top notch - and that is what really makes a difference: throughout our stay, we felt like we mattered. Can't fault a thing - other than the price!
bubble_50	Thanks to the team at the NY Peninsula, I had a great stay in a perfect room just right  for me,   I had one night to stay in NYC after being at a business event at another NYC hotel and I was so happy I chose my last night at the Peninsula.  Caroline Laroche the Guest relations manager took good care of me to make sure I had a room that suited my desires and also they were so kind to have a piece of cake and balloons for a belated birthday for me .   I have nothing but amazing things to say about this hotel.  I had a nice spa facial and spent time in the wonderful spa .   Unfortunately my stay was short but it was sweet.   The Peninsula is never disappointing.  The service and luxurious accommodations are the finest.
bubble_50	This was our third visit over a year.  Each visit was wonderful.  The rooms are great, but the best part of the hotel are (1) the roof top bar and (2) the staff.  Everyone from porters and housekeepers to desk to manager on duty do everything they can to make your visit special.  Even in October and March (our latest visits) you can enjoy the open air deck surrounded by sky scrapers.  And the art in the lobby can't be believed.  Live surrounded by Basqiat, Warhol, Haring.  The location (55th and 5th) is in the middle of everything midtown.
bubble_50	My daughter and I came to New York for a mother daughter weekend. She is 8 months pregnant with my future granddaughter and just wanted special time with us we choose the peninsula hotel just so wonderful check in was perfect my daughter was hungry cecila at the concierge recommended an awesome restaurant close by we had a lovely dinner then came back to the Gotham lounge and had tea perfect
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed at New York Citys Peninsula Hotel from December 30, 2018 to January 4, 2019.  Both of us were familiar with the Peninsula Hotel Group and arrived at the hotel with high expectations.  Our expectations were exceeded.  We found the Hotels service impeccable; our room beautifully appointed and immaculately clean; and the food and beverages excellent.  One thing I did not understand was why the  dining room stopped serving lunch at 2:30 p.m.  The hotel also hired housekeepers who either did not understand or did not care about Do Not Disturb signs.  This particular annoyance seems to be a problem nearly everywhere these days.  We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and will definitely stay at the Peninsula the next time we visit New York City.
bubble_50	The NYC Peninsula is in a very central and convenient location, 5th and 55. Close to all the action. The property is well maintained and the staff are friendly. We received prompt attention to all our requests.  I would like to specifically give a shout out to Ms. Caroline Laroche; Director of Guests Relations. She immediately addressed any hiccups during my stay. Most of all, she went above and beyond my expectations by helping me with my booking at the Peninsula in Tokyo, where I will be staying later this month. Wonderful service.  I dont usually write so much in a review, but the Peninsula has been a part of my childhood as I visit it often while growing up in HKG.
bubble_30	I have stayed at the Peninsula hotels in Tokyo and Beverly Hills. Both are very fine, five-star properties. I expected an experience similar to that in Beverly Hills when I decided to try the Peninsula in NYC. Such was my faith in the Peninsula brand that I ignored the negative reviews and decided to give the hotel a try myself. Oops!  My general assessment is that the hotel just needs to be closed for a bottom up (top down?) remodel. When you walk into the lobby the place looks nice enough but it quickly becomes clear that various parts of the lobby have been "spruced up" at different times resulting in a lack of cohesion that doesn't feel luxurious. The lobby area by the check in counter has all sorts of things on the wall making it look cluttered and more like a 3 or 4 star
bubble_50	We decided to travel to New York for a weekend to celebrate our anniversary. The Peninsula was amazing! I actually cant say enough good things about this hotel and its staff. We had stayed earlier in the year at the Chicago location and were so impressed that we booked it here as well.  The hotel is beautiful, the spa and its amenities, ie steam room sauna are included, along with a roof top pool with amazing views of Central Park and 5th ave. Seriously, a pool in NYC.  Yes, the furnishings were a bit dated in the rooms but still quite nice.  On arrival, we were upgraded to a beautiful suite with a separate bedroom and large bathroom. They staff found out it was our anniversary and they went above and beyond to make our stay special. From flowers and champagne, to chocolate
bubble_50	My preferred Hotel in NYC. Good service, perfect location, close to the office, good room service after long days. Like the gym and the spa for a massage late in the evening or after a long flight. Rooms are clean and spacious, even those in the low price range.
bubble_50	We visited during the NYC Marathon weekend. It was my sister who suggested that should stop at The Peninsula for cocktails. The best time to visit the lounge area is an hour or so before high tea. The lounge quite eloquently designed for comfort and to be seen. The lounge staff members are well-seasoned professionals who understand the hospitality and customer service profession. I asked for something not on the menu and the wait staff did not hesitate to make-up a very tasty cheese plate for our group of five.   It was not my first visit to The Peninsula and it will not be my last. We are planning our next visit will include a reservation for high tea.
bubble_40	The bar has a good view ( not the best) , but service is good and the place is good for catching up with friends after work. Mimosa coctail is good there! Other coctails could be improved. The iglus are interesting part of the embiance.
bubble_50	My daughter turned 21 and I wanted to start her weekend off with a Full body massage and facial.  This was her first experience and I wanted it to be the BEST. She is still talking about her experience and its been over 1 month.  We had an awesome time together.  The ambiance of the SPA and Hotel is exactly what I expected for our mother, daughter time.  From the time we stepped out of the cab to the door of the hotel the service from all staff was AMAZING.  Everyone greeted us by our names and made us feel very special.  If you want the 5  treatment, the Pennisula is the perfect place.  That SPA experience was more than what I expected.  I will definitely book again when I visit New York.
bubble_50	This was my first stay at The Peninsula New York and it did not disappoint! The Peninsula offered all of the beautiful accommodations and service expected of a 5* hotel, yet was in a class of its own when it came down to personalized touches and overall hospitality. From the moment I entered the doors, the Peninsula staff demonstrated the utmost professionalism, friendliness, and attention to me and other guests. I was always greeted with a smile and the staff assisted me with any needs and requests without hesitation.   The overall attention to detail in service and atmosphere was impeccable and evidenced in every aspect of my stay. For instance, the room was brightened with a stunning floral arrangement, daily assortment of fresh fruit, and a perfect turn down service. The
bubble_50	Staying at the Peninsula made all the difference on a recent trip to NYC with friends. Of course, the basics of the hotel were top notch. Well situated within the city, pristine cleanliness, & beautifully decorated. The floral arrangements in the lobby & our room were gorgeous made me excited for spring! Small touches in the room lended themselves to our comfort (fluffy white robes & plush slippers) and enjoyment (daily treats like chocolate and fruit brought to our room daily).   On top of that, the staff was incredibly attentive, to the degree that they anticipated what I needed before I even realized I needed it. Everything was done with a smile. What's more, they took their time to go above and beyond to enhance our experiences while in NY. When staff discovered we were
bubble_50	The location, the accommodations, as well the staff and their attention to detail are unparalleled! It is clear that they went out of their way to make our stay as comfortable and luxurious as possible, often anticipating our needs before we did. This is THE place to stay in NYC!
bubble_50	My family and I have been staying at the Peninsula for years, and we wouldnt stay anywhere else!  This was my first trip to the hotel with my 8-month old baby...I was a little nervous about how a hotel of this caliber would react.  They went above and beyond!!  They gave her a teddy bear at the reception desk, a beautiful crib to sleep in, and baby bath products!  We even took her up to the rooftop bar, Salon de Ning, and even they were welcoming!  Couldnt have been more thoughtful.  We ate dinner and breakfast at Clement, which was absolute perfection as well.  A perfect stay, yet again!
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel - close to a lot of tourist type things - Inside is beautiful, well decorated and the staff is solicitous and  friendly.  Super quiet in the  room didn't hear a peep!  Roof top bar has nice view and heaters if  its cold!
bubble_40	Visited on a Friday at around 7.30pm for a few drinks and to enjoy the view. Relatively quiet but welcoming with pretty standard prices for a rooftop swanky bar $20 for two vodka + coke.  They have a large outdoor heated area and view up and down 5th Avenue.
bubble_50	The hotel is very well located. The staff is very friendly and professional. We had a very good dinner at the restaurant and breakfasts are very good too. The roof top bar is very nice with a good atmosphere and a terrasse. Only one negative remark: some furniture needs to be replaced/repaired Great experience
bubble_50	I love peninsula. Hong Kong, the best so far also. manila phillipines this Nyc.  is smaller has a.  a good location and nice lobby  the one in HK is the best  but in NYC.  peninsula have a. nice staff.  very friendly
bubble_50	I never thought Id be able to afford this hotel. Ive only ever been to the roof top bar. But! Thanks to Expedia we got an unbelievable deal flying business class and the Peninsula on 8th December. Im sure that deal will never come up again. The rooms were a little dated,but,so opulent. The bathroom was large with a good shower. The bathroom amenities was Perfect. The staff were so friendly.its a must visit at Christmas the decorations were out of this word. Hopeful that I can return again one day.
bubble_50	Had after dinner drinks at the Rooftop Bar of the Peninsula Hotel on Fifth Ave on 12/22. Awesome drinks, awesome and friendly bartenders. Recommend the old fashions and an appetizer if you have the time. This hotel bar has a neighborhood feel for the out-of-towner visitor staying in the area.
bubble_50	We have stayed at Peninsula hotels in other parts of the world and decided to give the New York one a try for our wedding anniversary. After a bit of a shaky start with the receptionist things began to look up. We mentioned it was our wedding anniversary as we were shown to our room and they obviously remembered this as we arrived back to the room to find a bottle of champagne and chocolates. Following a celebration dinner at our favourite restaurant we returned to our room to find a trail of rose petals throughout and a heart of petals - such a lovely touch. We ate in the bar area for lunch a couple of days and the food was lovely and staff very attentive. Our room was a grand deluxe which was very well appointed and comfortable bed. The bathroom was quite big with an excellent
bubble_50	Excellent all around. Super fast check-in/check-out, professional and helpful staff. Clean and modern rooms, well lit, and somewhat high-tech. We always stay there during business trip given the efficient process of checking in and out as well as the professional service we get while there. Location is very central on 55th and 5th, close to shopping areas of 5th Avenue and a couple of blocks away from Central Park. Will definitely go back.
bubble_50	Thank you so much for the great receipt in The Peninsula New York. We could not imagine a better service in every field. We are grateful for this and it has certainly made our stay in New York as one of the most wonderful stays in the US. Weve been able to enjoy a great spacious room with superb room service including wonderful surprises for us and our son. During our stay for over 11 days (!) were never been bored and always found new surprises in the hotel, the swimming pool, spa and restaurant. The location is awesome, and it was an excellent starting point for our daily 10 miles walking tours.   We have seen the personal input of Samir and his staff in this and we have appreciated this so much.
bubble_50	Pros: - Warm and friendly staff - Room, bathroom are spacious and clean and maintain that Peninsula amenities and look like other Peninsula hotels - Great location to 5th avenue and Central Park - One of the best hotel gyms I have been too  Cons: - Lobby was very small - Bellhop was very busy so sometimes we didn't have people helping us with our stuff from our car to our room
bubble_20	We did our annual holiday trip to NYC and decided to try a different hotel from our traditional plaza. I would have to say it was very disappointing. First we had my sons iPad taken mistakenly  from the room and had to escalate to security. It was found after several hours but no apology at all when it was found that the employee put it on their cart   I felt as if they didnt believe me that it was gone   Service was mediocre at best and nothing like what we are used to at same priced hotels 1300 us per night.   Family was disappointed in the stay, its too bad as its a beautiful property very well located
bubble_30	Traveling in New York City is always stressful.  Part of what makes a great NYC hotel is whether or not one can escape the stress of the city after walking through the door.  The Peninsula is a beautiful hotel and though I think it would be a mistake to compare it to a truly great hotel like the St. Regis across the street, The Peninsula makes the comparison herself in her literature and even the coffee table book in the suites.  Unfortunately, for all of the grandeur of this grand hotel she simply does not live up to her potential - or her promise - of unparalleled luxury and service.  It is not lost on me that it must be stressful to be a hotel worker (or anybody in the service industry) this time of year.  From the insane requests (like the woman who wanted an adjoining room
bubble_50	We had a deluxe suite overlooking 5th Avenue which was both spacious and luxurious. We have tried other hotels but found this one is best located to get around on foot as the traffic is so poor in NYC these days. The staff were very attentive, providing my partner with a bottle of champagne and cake on her birthday (apparently my Amex assistant had forewarned them!). The roof top bar is very lively and definitely a destination in itself. The breakfast were excellent and the waiters welcoming and remembered your preferences. this is clearly a venue favoured by the "in-crowd" of NYC.  Would highly recommend this hotel.
bubble_50	Lovely hotel with nice rooms in a great location, fabulous spa & good gym too. With teenage kids the other must is good fast WiFi (and they had that too). Highly recommended, would stay here again on next visit.
bubble_50	Thus place comes alive at holiday times  big time. Great. Holiday decorations, personal. All on their toes  and smiling  at all. And a festive spirit starts. At the door with a great greeting. They have beautiful. Rooms and facilities but this place  remains one of the best spots to eat lunch or dinner as an outside guest and feel like you belong.  Their spa  is amazing and  their Restaurants are lively but expensive. Service is  Precise and very European in   nature.  You are pampered at a price.
bubble_30	Well i have stayed at this hotel in the past and it was usually a standard luxury business hotel in NYC. However this time it was and is in need of a lot of changes. First, when I go to NYC for business which is often I always ask for a room no view on a quiet street, well that did not happen. Then the toilet was leaking all over the place. So they did not move me to an upgraded room, ( BTW this hotel is notorious for telling its Centurion guests that they dont have any available upgrades). I have complained to Centurion about this hotel in the past not abiding by its AMEX contract but that goes nowhere. So they take to another room that is the size of a matchbox and I turn it down and tell them to fix the toilet and go out for dinner. So I come back and the toilet is till
bubble_20	Post Christmas Tree, pre-dinner cocktails, roof top setting. What could be better? Many thing could...Cocktails are $25 and UP, and not large at that. We were one of the first groups to grab a seat, but were later approached by a rude manager who informed us there was a 'wait list' (No reservations are taken). After we waved off the waiter for another round, they attempted to hustle us out and give up the table. Rudely clearing the table around us, dropping the check and lingering enough to make sure we got the message. MANY better option elsewhere!
bubble_50	This is the third Peninsula this year and they dont disappoint.  They are a class act.  No doubt it starts at the top.  Everyone you come in contact is profesional, helpful and friendly.    Breakfast was always great. Catherine always made us feel special. Agim  and especially Jimmy took great care of us.   Jimmy always served our breakfast with a smile.  Great way to start the day!!!  We had the pleasure of meeting Chef David he is phenomenal.  The food is great presentation inviting.  Thank you for everything!!!   Housekeeping for our room was ok.  Most days the room was done well others it was a miss.  Missing certain toiletries another my newspapers disappeared.  However, they were always nice.  Peter in concierge helpful - Angel the page awesome.  Giovanni front office
bubble_50	My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at the Peninsula this past weekend (12/6/18-12/9/18) for our 25th anniversary.  The service and experience at the Peninsula is the best I have ever experienced.  The Hotel and its rooms are in beautiful shape, particularly with the Christmas decorations, and is located in the perfect NYC location, right off 5th Ave.  Every night the hotel had Christmas carolers at the entrance, including singers from the Jersey Boys broadway show.  The rooftop bar has a beautiful view of the City, as does the 21st floor pool, gym and spa, and the Gotham Lounge is a great spot to relax.  But, it is the Hotel staff that truly made the experience exceptional, particularly the asst manager Giovanni Fillichio.  Giovanni went out of his way to welcome us,
bubble_10	The Peninsula is celebrating is 30th anniversary in NYC by showing a collection of Andy Warhol pieces of art.  That is the high point of the hotel. The rest is as bad as it can get. The sidewalk is being rebuilt so entering the hotel is miserable. The lobby, as the rest of the hotel, is old, ugly and dirty.   Or room smelled, the TV remote did not work and the shower drainage was clogged.  Service is average and the whole combination of things makes you feel like you are in a third class hotel.  The Ritz Carlton at the Park and the Four Seasons at 57th are WAY BETTER options.
bubble_10	Made a reservations via opentable for Christmas eves dinner at the Clement. Reservations were confirmed, only to receive a cancellation notice a week later, made by management without and explanation. Shocking behavior!!!
bubble_50	I arrived after a transatlantic flight and a heavy nosebleed to be welcomed and cared for by a wonderful female receptionist who saw me safely to my room (I was a bit shaky) and called down for tea and biscuits for me - complementary. She epitomised the service and attention to detail of this hotel. The room and bathroom were tiny but well appointed and the bed excellent. Highly recommend and will return.
bubble_50	The Peninsula Hotel set the bar in NYC for where one wants to stay - with an amazing staff that looks after guests to an incredible meticulous degree.  If you are want to be at the best, feel the best, and be taken care of the best - look no further than The Peninsula.  Kudos to all there and Happy Holidays.
bubble_50	We reserved 5 rooms at the hotel to celebrate a milestone Birthday.  From the check in to the check out, the service was impeccable.  The staff fully accommodating to all our needs.  The rooms were excellent and luxurious.  The hotel layout feels very intimate and private.  The Pool is warm with a great view of NYC.  The location of the hotel is awesome, with great shopping and restaurants all walking distance.  Central Park is just a few minutes walk.  The food at the hotel was top quality, and the high tea is excellent.  Very Very Classy place.  We will be back. Thanks to all the staff at the hotel.
bubble_50	Love love love The Peninsula! Beautiful building with old world character. The servers are professional and the food is excellent. Highly recommend. One of the most pleasant evenings in my recent memory was spent there.
bubble_50	Accommodations included quick access to the Holiday Parade along with a festive atmosphere and indoor activities for the children. The room was a bit cozy, as to be expected in New York. Great place to nestle for the holidays.
bubble_50	To be clear from the outset - this hotel is not cheap. It is however, exceptional value for the standards of service, accommodations, Food & beverages. This is a hotel where the service & customer care is 1st class every single time you interact with the hotel staff, from the Concierge, the receptionists, the barman, the shop assistant, even down to passing the chambermaids in the hotel corridors - the training & professionalism is on display in spades.  Expensive but faultless in equal measure - an exceptional hotel with finesse.
bubble_40	Slept like an absolute baby here. Well located, good amenities - it's one of the better hotels in NYC I think. My room did not have particularly strong views, but it had really open vistas outside each aspect which made the room feel light and airy
bubble_50	We stayed at The Peninsula New York for 6 nights in June and it was incredible! This was our second time here and we will keep coming back! Exceptional service, great food, clean rooms with great views, and the perfect location (right on 5th avenue) for exploring the city. Daughter took a cooking class with the chef and had a great time! In my opinion, five star hotels are rarely worth the money, but The Peninsula New York proves price irrelevant! We will be back!
bubble_30	Im not sure if my expectations were set too high before my stay at the peninsula but I was a little disappointed. Even though the hotel is in a great location and all the staff are wonderful, the hotel is really showing its age, it needs an update. All the bells and whistles in the room would have been cutting edge when the hotel opened but now they are a bit dated. I love how you can control a lot of things from the control panel on the side of the bed, but that control panel is like an old boom box radio, not a slick iPad panel. The bathroom, while being glamorous back in the day is a bit old and drab looking now. Once a refresh has been done Im sure it will be fabulous once again.  The next gripe Ive got is the cost of things. Now i dont care if its the peninsula or
bubble_40	We booked two nights at the Peninsula because our usual place was fully booked. We chose a junior suite. It was nice enough, but unimpressive, and not a five star experience. Great location, and comfy bed, but couldnt get the room temp right (bedroom controls are in the old fashioned bedside phone, not the room thermostat on the wall in the living room.) The room was configured oddly. I do have to mention that the bell staff was extraordinarily helpful.
bubble_50	Only three nights at hotel with husband, but it was great! Great location on fifth avenue - close to everything, elegant atmosphere, cozy rooms in old style and superb breakfast.  Really enjoy it and highly recommend it!
bubble_50	A week on 5th Avenue.   The Peninsula is right in the middle of everything.  It had a high bar to pass because of our other nyc stays it succeeded.  A bit of Argo over our room at checkin, but check in with Dana overcame the issue. She was wonderfully patient and a great representative for the hotel.   With that resolved we started with the incredible roof top bar with 210 degree skyline and 5th Avenue views.  Made to feel very wanted.   All in all the Oeninsula experience we expected.  Room typical of the somewhat older grand hotels.  Very comfortable.  We will definitely return.  Every staff member we interacted with starting with gracious Dana was wonderful.
bubble_50	After our hell on Earth experience trying to check in at the Royalton Park Lane then the Park Hyatt we chose the Peninsula for our second extra night.   Out of this World. Thats where we will stay next time were in New York. Super welcome, great bar downstairs and upstairs, cracking room, just perfect.
bubble_50	I knew I had stepped into the very highest class when I stayed a night here.  Sometimes the price is above my usual range but if you choose a slightly off-season you can snag a discount.  The quality is still fine and excellent of course.  I loved the gym/sports club and also appreciated very much the beautiful swimming pool with a fantastic view over Fifth Avenue.  You can pop into Harry Winston or your choice of the finest array of top quality Premium Jewellry stores (Van Cleef & Arpels, Tiffany, Bulgari, Mikimoto) and choose an engagement ring!  There are all the highest reputation fashion houses represented too..
bubble_50	I have stayed at the Peninsula New York twice now, once over Christmas and a second time in the fall. If you are looking to do Christmas in New York, would absolutely recommend!  This is not a trendy hotel. We found our stay to be quiet, saw lots of families, and the hotel was very traditionally decorated for the holidays. Rooms are a good size and very comfortable, albeit a bit dated in some regards. Noticed this most in the bathroom. Both rooms we stayed in had seating areas, which is not always the case in NY! The turndown service each evening was fantastic.  Hotel is very centrally located, only steps from Fifth Avenue and all the holiday window displays. Of course, this area can become very busy, but the hotel is a quiet break from that.  Enjoyed the rooftop bar. The
bubble_50	took my daughter here for her 21st birthday, the hotel and staff are exceptional. they could not be nicer or more helpful if they tried...will definitely return, as the wife says it is her turn next!...I suppose I could suffer it all over again!
bubble_50	If youre like me, and all the hustle and bustle of NYC can get to you, this is the place to stay. Its got to be the quietest, most zen hotel in the city. The public spaces and the rooms are tastefully decorated and feel soothing. Rooms are small, as they are just about everywhere in NYC, but well designed. Service is always impeccable.
bubble_50	We stayed in September at the Pen as we live both in Hong Kong the Home of the Groups Founders/owner  The room was a junior suite, a oasis in the hotel  Impeccable room service   Suoer by restaurant  Professional Team who are professional   Enjoyed every moment  Jonathan is a true Hotelier who is just a amazing host  David
bubble_50	I had read several reviews prior to our visit that the service nor hotel was up to the Peninsula reputation and that if you bought your stay as a package ( as we did through Orbitz) that you were treated poorly. Neither was true.  We were received warmly and were upgraded without asking.  We were there for my husbands birthday.  I had not told the hotel but the doorman heard me ask my husband if he was enjoying his birthday trip. On our return from the show we were attending a birthday desert was in our room.  The only thing I can say in regards to the negative reviews is that some of the furniture in the rooms and bathroom were showing some age.  But all functioned as they should have.  We will return.
bubble_50	I visit New York multiple times for business and I love staying at The Peninsula.  The location is just steps away from amazing shopping and Central Park.  The rooms are immaculately clean.  Kudos to housekeeping as they are doing an amazing job.  Every encounter with staff at the hotel was pleasant.  They went above and beyond to make you feel welcomed and greeted me every time I was steps away from the entrance.  There was even one staff member who was helping someone else with bags and turned to greet me as I walked through the lobby.  I look forward to staying here again and will definitely recommend to anyone visiting New York!
bubble_50	Stayed for the second time at the Peninsula.  Upon arrival we were asked if we had stayed with them before, and when I said yes, the desk clerk gave us a double upgrade. The room was lovely and roomy with a soaking tub and separate shower. The bed and duvet were very comfortable, and the room quiet.  The staff is friendly and accommodating, and the great location makes it easy to get around the city.  It is close to shopping, theaters, and Central Park.
bubble_50	We had dinner plans later in the evening, but needed a tasty beverage before hand.  What better place then The Peninsula.  The area up top is split into different areas, smoking/non smoking, inside at the bar.  Plenty of options for you and friends.  Every seat has great views, very relaxing atmosphere and staff very attentive.  Will definitely come back.
bubble_50	We wanted to stay close to The Garden for a show we were seeing. You can not beat the location. Had no trouble checking in, our room was nice. My husband and I travel a lot and I can say we both enjoyed our stay here.
bubble_50	Amazing hotel . Exceptional service . Room was beautiful with large lovely bathroom  with soaking tub. Bed was so comfortable. Breakfast was wonderful . Delicious - Algim our waiter was the best . Incredible place to stay
bubble_50	Perfect location and facilities; friendly staff. Contemporary art in the common areas (lobby, bar...) to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the opening. We stayed 3 nights and enjoyed every minute there, in particular the swimming pool and gym in the top floor., They also have a nice bar in the rooftop, and a great spa area: I had a very good experience with a sports massage and with a facial treatment.
bubble_50	The most important factor that determines where we stay is service and location.  On both those counts The Peninsula New York wins hands down.  We had stayed at The Peninsula Chicago a few days prior to or stay at the New York property.  We were fully impressed with the service in Chicago that we decided to stay at The Peninsula New York.  Good decision.  The location in Mid-Town is near all the major high end shopping stores and boutiques. With so many attractions easily accessible to the hotel one needs a peaceful place to come back to and call home.  This is definitely the place.  The Peninsula hotels keep a 'guest profile' of their guests and it is put to good use.  You are pampered and made to feel like a cherished guest. Thank you for making our stay enjoyable and
bubble_50	The view is amazing! Soon we walked in we asked if we could have a table. But the wait line was long. After few minutes Lunak ( dont know if I spell it write) brought us to the table. Wonderful service with great selection of cocktails and wine. Definitely a must try. You will not be disappointed by the service there.
bubble_30	We stayed here with 3 young children.  The hotel is a fantastic location for NY and the service excellent and very comfortable beds.  However we thought the hotel especially the lobby was very tired and old fashioned as were some of the rooms they could really do with some up dating. I think a shame breakfast not included with the room and only a  $100 s given towards it as the kids waffles were $72 !!   we asked the hotel to collect us from  JFK to the airport they wanted $333 we found out the local taxi is $68 no one minds paying slightly more but think need to be a lot more realistic! overall we didn't think good value for money at all!
bubble_50	This was our Anniversary treat and it did not disappoint.  The hotel went out of its way each day to do something special, chocolates chocolate dipper strawberries, champagne, and rose petal displays.  Add to all this the best roof top bar in the City, Salon de Ning and you could not have a better place to stay.
bubble_50	LOVE this hotel... They get it right every time.  The most comfy beds! The room is cozy and the bathroom is large. (They could consider updating the desk , tv stand, fabric chairs - it would give it a fresh new look for very little $) The front desk-Marc, Stephanie and Helena Hyatt are wonderful. The Gotham bar is fantastic- especially Diego the bartender and the table server- Conrado - he has been there a long time! Great place to relax especially at the end of a long day of walking and subways. The gym is one of my favorites with the spectacular views, large size and plenty of equipment. They have an oversized aerobic room, outdoor sitting area is you want to just enjoy a rest after or even coffee and tea via Nespresso machine.  Entire housekeeping staff is friendly and
bubble_40	Traveled to NY with daughter to celebrate our birthdays and stayed at the Peninsula. Overall, a great hotel and would definitely stay here again. Everyone very friendly. Check-in a breeze! Valet top-notch! It would have been nice to have had a tourof the hotel. We didnt ask and it wasnt offered. We should have asked. Didnt discover the coffee until the day of check out. Its on the 21st pool at the pool location. Also, wasnt aware of a $10/day minibar allowance until after I checked out. However, concierge did an amazing job helping us celebrate our birthdays! Very nice touch! The rooms are a bit outdated and our room showed its age for sure, but space very cozy and beds divine! Def stay here again, if price right.
bubble_40	Recently stayed at the Peninsula NYC.    The check in went smooth, my room was upgraded.  The people working at the desk were very nice, friendly etc... The room....Ive stayed at the Peninsula Chicago many times and I guess I was expecting the same caliber (hadnt read the TA reviews beforehand, my bad).   Furniture was shabby, nightstand hinges were loose.  Had to unplug other things for chargers.  And NO Nespresso in the room.  Was really hoping for that.  Other than those things, the room was fine.  Bathroom was roomy.    I just thought there would be more brand consistency.   The location was great, close to Central Park, walking distance to Times Square and Broadway.  The spa is beautiful with excellent service.   The bar/restaurant was nice, food was good.  The only place
bubble_50	Beverly Hills, Chicago and NYC, nothing rivals the Peninsula in guest comfort, amenities, focus on detail and facilities.   Like all its properties, NYC features great location and nice touches like fresh flowers, fresh fruit on arrival, excellent in-room amenities and amazing bed.   Highlight is their swimming pool/spa, an oasis of relaxation (until the kids show up and think they are at a Holiday Inn). Here, Nespresso is available, pastries in the morning, and great views of the city. Only thing missing is the whirlpool. Fitness center is oversized and features warm yoga room, spinning bikes and even four Peloton bikes. Note to manager: Please no kids in the locker room under 16.   All day restaurant serves up very good breakfasts and because much of the clientele here is
bubble_50	I was lucky enough to be gifted a stay at The Peninsula by a friend and it was possibly the best gift I ever received.  From the moment that you walk up to the beautifully fronted building, you sense the splendor of the hotel. Once inside, you are greeted by a stunning chandelier in the lobby and a very warm welcome from the hotel staff. Fantastic art work adorns the walls of the lobby and the view whilst waiting for the elevator is stunning.  The rooms are spacious and for Manhattan, I would even describe them as cavernous. The King Size beds are as comfortable as you can get and the bathroom is as big as other New York hotel rooms.  The hotel offers a great gym and swimming pool both with good Manhattan views.  The rooftop bar at the hotel offers simply dazzling views and with
bubble_50	Everything you could expect from a true top level hotel - with the concierge remembering you each time you return. Impeccable service - but you pay for it. Seriously expensive Restaurants - better outside of the hotel.
bubble_40	Great location, very good service .Facilities very convenient.nice and well decorated rooms. However, the hotel rate is unreasonable and the breakfast prices are too high. A simple omelette will cost you over $30.00, including gratuity, tax.  Otherwise, all other services are very good. Staffs very friendly and competent. My recommendations to the management is to review their breakfast prices.
bubble_50	3 couples, looking for a great place for drinks and a view before show.  Arrived and had to sit in bar for a bit then were seated on wonderful couches outside on deck.  Service was great and wonderful views.  Would go here again but it's not cheap
bubble_50	Very nice stay, from the congenial front desk to the always attentive bellmen.  Suite included use of a car, which was quite helpful.  Bathrooms here are spacious and the shower pressure was great.    Furniture needs some updating soon, but clean and fine.  For the price though, I would update.   Spa and pool were first rate.  We will be back.
bubble_50	This is our go-to staycation spot.  We love everything about this place.  The service is fantastic, and the food is great.  The place is so relaxed, right in the middle of the city.  We all love the indoor pool, which is hard to find in the city.  They are super kid-friendly and accommodating!  We will continue to stay here every chance we get!
bubble_50	This is a follow up review to my last stay which had many disappointing aspects.  This stay took all the amazing aspects that I posted in my last review 1: Excellent Staff 2: Amazing facilities  3: Great pool   And took away most of the negatives.  1: Low and behold there was a power outlet installed bedside, with USB charging ports. 2: There was an extension cord, by the bed and it was tied up with a pretty bow 3: Upon arrival there seemed to be excellent staffing levels, and there was excellent co ordination 4: Steve the front desk manager, went above and beyond in greeting me and remembered my name from last stay. 5: Amazing pool and surrounding area, inc beautiful terrace. 6: Service was genuine and super fast.  I booked a Grand Luxe Room, and I was very happy with it.  Yes
bubble_50	I am staying here with my daughter and can honestly say its the loveliest hotel weve stayed in. The room is beautiful and spacious and is tidied/cleaned for us twice a day with everything continually topped up and nice touches like a peninsula lens cleaner for our sunglasses and our toiletries arranged for us in the bathroom. Very sweet attention to detail. We have both had the best sleep weve had in a while. And the views on the roof top terrace are breathtaking. Lots of instagram moments for my daughter. Fresh flowers everywhere regularly replaced and hugely welcoming staff. A holiday we wont forget in a hurry.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is still by far the best in town! Amazing rooms with top service on best location.  Jason at the door makes me always feel welcome home - thank you! I was visiting the city on business but would certainly return for a leisure trip as well.
bubble_50	Nice hotel near the Central Park and the Rockefeller Center. Perfect Service. High Quality accessoire. Very good Concierge who arranged nice visits for us Even encluding free transports. A little expensive in small Snacks and coffee, espresso etc.
bubble_40	The entrance to the hotel is not on 5th Ave, so best tell your driver if they are unfamiliar with 5th Ave. What a great location for a hotel which is celebrating its 30th birthday. The lobby is one floor up which is not ideal, and the access from the rooms to the lifts and street level is somewhat convoluted. Our room 1516 was a typical Peninsula room apart from the wooden furnishings which were old, very tired and even broken. The hotel was full so we were unable to get an upgrade, although one was offered we did not bother to inspect as we were tired from a long international journey, and were told that the alternative was not much better. Peninsula must upgrade to maintain the wonderful reputation that the brand enjoys. Not a patch (because of this ) on Hong Kong, Shanghai or
bubble_50	First time staying at the property and it didnt disappoint. Last 3 times in NY weve stayed at the Ritz. Had two rooms- kids had a room with two queens and we were initially in a junior suite.  Our card allows for upgrades when possible and they actually bumped us 2x to a grand executive suite. Separate living room and very spacious. Kids room was the same- very spacious. Bathrooms didnt disappoint either. Everything was super clean and felt new as compared to some of the other 5 stars weve stayed at. Had a view of 5th ave which was nice.   Had breakfast and evening drinks at the hotel and it was excellent. They have a main bar / restaurant and they have a lounge area with oversized couches and comfortable chairs. Kids enjoyed the snacks and appetizers. They have a rooftop
bubble_50	The hotel was such a lovely experience. I checked in with Karina and she was wonderful- so kind and intuitive and very polite. She always had a warm Greeting and addressed me by name. She gave a perfect check in. Steven, Stephanie and Marc from Guest Reception are also wonderful- all so kind.   The hotel has truly impeccable service- name usage is strong, everyone is very nice and friendly and you get the sense they want the guest to have the best experience possible. Everyone always said hello in passing and the service is truly at the 5 star level through the whole hotel. This is quite hard to come by in NYC hotels. But its beautifully done at The Peninsula. I was blown away, and I work as a front desk agent at a 5 star hotel nearby on 5th Avenue.   My room 1010, while small
bubble_30	My husband and I have staid in different Peninsula around the world, this one is definitely below the standards of all the others. Our room was tired without sound proofing. The location is of course excellent, the staff very pleasant, however you definitely expect a much better room for the price you are paying for.
bubble_30	Right, lets start with the good stuff. Great location and front of house staff who really want to please you. The room itself was large, very clean and the bed was very comfortable. But...this hotel is not of the standard we have experienced in other cities around the world. The hotel felt very tired in ALL the communal areas - lifts and corridors, furniture in rooms. We paid 2300 for 3 nights (excluding breakfast) but we wont be back. I feel sort of torn between staff who are really keen to deliver but a product that just doesnt. The hotel felt dated and in certain areas absolutely not 5 star - the pool area was closed but that was no big deal and did not affect our opinion as it looked dated and small. Gym was ok but not great. 700 a night in Europe buys you the absolute
bubble_50	Just had a one day stay during our latest NY trip, but again....From start to finish it was just great. Met at the curb by several staff members greeting us with "welcome back".   Room was nice and clean.   We had a great lunch at the rooftop bar and some drinks afterwards.   Used the Spa services the day afterwards.   Just absolutely great from start to finish.
bubble_30	This hotel is in a great location, near everything.  But, oh boy, the rooms are so loud at night!  They know this because you will find ear plugs in your drawer of the nightstand.  We were moved the next day, because we were staying a week and the room was a bit better not facing 5th Ave.  The lobby and the staff are excellent.  The rooms are old but the beds were comfortable. We had a breaker trip and a repairman came up with in 10 minutes to fix the socket.  He was really nice man!
bubble_20	I was in transit to LA and stayed one night at Peninsula New York. I paid 1000 dollars a night for a very old room. Even if the reception girl was kind enough to change it and give us a slightly better room, the price is unacceptable for the quality they offer. This room was a joke! 1000 bucks for a wall view and old furniture?!  Peninsula New York needs a MAJOR RENNOVATION ASAP! Staff service is quite good to give some credit, but so it is the case with all major places in NY. NY is well known for great customer service. We are now going to Peninsula Beverly Hills, hopefully a better experience!
bubble_50	Probably this is one of the best hotels I have been to. Great location, very friendly and helpful staff, lovely customer service who kept organizing my room and stuff and keeping me things to help every single day, that in addition to a variety of accessories in the rooms. The breakfast was lovely as well and ver nice rooftop which had events couples of times. I did not like the size of the room but that did not effect my all to all experience.
bubble_50	It took me a while to write this review. The reviews that I wrote are usually on a positive note where I carefully notate my interactions with staff, experiences on property, etc. On this particular visit, immediately upon checking in, I walked into a whirlwind of negativity. As the female (her name escaped me) at the front desk gretted us, there was a gentleman on the opposite side of her who was dealing with an extremely irate guest/guest representative. I mean this lady was yelling at the top of her lungs going on and on about how its complete bulls*** that they made her come to the desk to pay for the room because they couldnt take her card number over the phone. The gentleman was very mild mannered and politely explained to her that it was company policy. Her response was
bubble_50	As with all Peninsula hotels the staff is well trained plus the rooms are both plush and comfortable. The technology is out of date but still functional and the hotels infrastructure seams a bit tired. Food from room service and in the fine dining restaurant were both good and priced fairly for NYC. The service was excellent in all respect in the hotel and food serviced. We found the spa and hair salon to be exceptional as well.
bubble_50	I'll preface this review by saying that I've had the privilege of staying in several of Peninsula's Asian properties.  Based on those experiences, which were all amazing, I went into this visit in Manhattan with high expectations.  We decided to book this hotel for a last minute trip to NYC for my birthday.  That all said, I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Peninsula New York delivered 110%.  Room: Our room was very large.  It had an amazing king size bed with luxiorious down pillows, down comforter and extremely comfortable mattress.  It was so quiet.  Having stayed in other NYC hotels, noise always seems to be an issue.  Our room at the Peninsula, was beyond quiet.  You could hear a pin drop.  The bathroom feels like a spa.  Marble everywhere, large walk-in shower with
bubble_50	recently had a two night stay at the peninsula and was quite pleased.I was given a room upgrade which was greatly appreciated. The room was lovely with gorgeous bathroom and very quiet as we were on the 14th floor.Bed was very comfortable and the room was clean.Everyone was extremely courteous and friendly.When traveling I prefer 5 star hotels and while the Peninsula is excellent I would not say that it is outstanding.I definitely would consider staying at this hotel again when in NYC.The spa is delightful.
bubble_30	We enjoyed our two-night stay.  We were given a complimentary upgrade to a 5th Avenue view room, and for that I was very grateful.    Inconsistency was my main issue with not having a more memorable trip, and for not giving a higher rating.  There were services that were missed the first night, but were offered the second (like turn down service, or bucket of ice) - which were not a huge deal, but left me feeling that maybe something was overlooked the first night?    The thermostat and the volume on the bathroom TV were not working, but were fixed when I brought to the front desk's attention the next morning.  Again, bathroom TV volume was not a huge deal, but one of those nice touches that "would have been nice" and in character with what I had perceived to be part of the
bubble_10	Im sure this is a fine hotel but the manner we were treated in regards to their Whipped Cream afternoon tea at the Gotham Lounge was abysmal. Heres the story. My wife wanted to take her 9 year old granddaughter to the ABT ballet for her birthday. We saw the afternoon tea which is related to the ballet and Espie (the granddaughter) was super excited to do this as well. We called to reserve a spot then booked the ballet for the same day. Yesterday morning, they texted my wife to confirm. All set except we get a phone message 2 hours later saying that had to cancel because they booked another event instead. While we planned our day around the tea and coming in from Rhode Island, we can understand that things happen but the way we were treated as we attempted to speak to someone
bubble_50	Our 5th or 6th visit to this luxury hotel on 5th Ave. the amenities and service at the hotel are always impeccable. We enjoyed the restaurants and the fabulous service. Everyone from front desk to the maids deliver a wow experience .  They gave  us a late check out and that was extremely helpful. Compared with other hotels in the area, we prefer this one and feel very much at home when we stay
bubble_50	Stayed in many hotels in the city but this one is  truly exceptional place. Been there for about a week this time. As usual felt truly welcome and safe. Concierge service is really over the top - Richard, Viktoria - theres almost nothing they cant help with. Rooms consistently clean and spacious. The pool at the top floor has breathtaking views. Breakfast quick and delicious, no need even to ask for a coffee to go - all is taken care of. All team is superb - from a doorman to a maid. Looking forward to come back in a couple of months.
bubble_20	I am completing a 2 night stay checking out Tmw, and I must say that I am extremely disappointed by my stay.  First the positive:  1: Stunning, spotless spa, with excellent amenities, and amazing service  2: Beautiful pool, excellent gym and very attentive service  3: Great Service at the front desk with a special mention to Stephanie for going above and beyond in providing amazing service  4: Excellent security staff, with a special mention to Renee for giving me such great service. 5: Nice upgrade to a junior suite   The negative:  1: Upon arrival at hotel, nobody welcomed me initially and helped me with luggage. I understand that they could be busy but I felt that they were understaffed and this is the second arrival that no one came to greet me.  2: I have sleep apnea and
bubble_50	The service and the facilities are fantastic, Gym is very well equipped and the roof Bar very nice overlooking 5th Avenue. Concierge service is outstanding, we did enjoy our stay very much, very relaxing. 55th street has a few great restaurants which is very convenient if you do not like to wonder to far for a nice meal.
bubble_50	We loved every moment of our stay at the Peninsula. Even by the high standards of top New York Hotels, the level of service really was exceptional. From the senior management to the doorman, everyone was so welcoming and keen to help.  Add to that the great location and the effortless style of the place, and it's unbeatable. I would especially single out the gym, which was the best I've ever encountered in a hotel. Great equipment, and very well looked after.  We can't wait to return.
bubble_50	Friendly & helpful staff. Very clean and comfortable rooms. Awesome location within walking distance of all the sights!!! The entire stay went without a hitch even with roads closed for the Puerto Rican parade - staff helped us to Madison Avenue to catch a cab for the airport (the only thing I worried about - ended up no worries at all) Excellent service at Clement as well!
bubble_50	1) Impeccable customer service.  That is foremost.  I really dont know how anyone writes a negative review of this hotel. These people are professionals at what they do ... and what they do is customer service.  2) Location.  It doesnt get any better than Manhattan on 5th Avenue.  3) Lovely rooms and, again...customer service.  Details:  We were met daily by pleasant bell men....helpful concierge....lovely front desk.   You will not receive this lovely service every day in life so appreciate it whilst you can.  Kindness goes a long way in life.  The concierge was so helpful and lovely.  If you are bound and determined to go it on your own...more power to you..but this is a treat to have a great concierge who can assist with details.  The rooms:  Most comfortable beds and fine
bubble_50	This was the perfect base for a romantic weekend trip to NYC with my partner. Special thanks must go to Jonathan Crook and his colleague Caroline Laroche who turned what was already going to be a great trip into something simply extraordinary. The bespoke service we received from staff in all areas from housekeeping to reception and the bar was world-class.   We both loved the high-spec spa facilities (booked treatments as well as the pool/steam rooms) which is where we often started our day to feel revitalised. The location is also unbeatable, with many of the the sights and key attractions within walking distance, and a host of subway stops nearby for anything further afield. Be aware that it is the higher room categories which enjoy the best views facing the famous avenues.
bubble_40	Very nice but SUPER expensive! 6 adults and 5 kids, kids had one drink, adults 2... 190  nice experience, as the views are good but wont be back in a hurry! Would have thought for that price the staff would have been nicer too!
bubble_30	This is a difficult review to make, on the one hand the hotel has a fantastic location and the service is truly outstanding, on the other the hotel is showing signs of wear and tear, the public areas are gloomy and dark at best, and the rooms have old scratched furniture.  First the good:   Concierge service was top rate, Elise was courteous, efficient and a joy to work with, she solved all our issues with a smile. other areas of the hotel also have great service in general, from the front desk, to the gym attendants, bell desk, etc.  The spa is very nice and seems to be the one part of the hotel that has been remodeled to typical Peninsula standards.  Location cannot be beat.  Now the bad: The lobby is dark and has little space, it is also on the second floor and lacks charm.
bubble_40	This hotel has an excellent location. Room was nice and clean. Stayed in a Deluxe suite that was enormous. Relatively quiet for NYC. However, the service needs improvement. Newspaper only delivered 1 out of 3 days. Calls to the Concierge went un returned. In room coffee not refreshed. Food was just ok. Roof top bar impossible to get into. They should take reservations for hotel guests. Website touts Mini cars for suite stays. Never saw one even asked if could drop us off at close dinner. All bellman looked at me like I was crazy. Asked concierge if option ,reply was to take Uber. With allot of hotel options, I do not think I would stay there again.
bubble_50	As you enter the lobby you cant  help but feel the holidays upon you. This 5 Star hotel experience was exceptional. The amenities in our room ranged from fruit the first night to a bottle of wine the next. What other hotel has created a gratis candy store near where you check in? Best breakfasts I have ever had. Be sure to order French toast. Management and staff were outstanding.
bubble_10	My husband and I went to the spa for my 30th birthday. His very expensive watch got stolen out of the locker during our massage. The Pennisula did absolutely nothing and I spent my 30th birthday waiting for the police to come (which they never did after 2 hours). DO NOT GO HERE unless youd want your nice things stolen.
bubble_10	VERY outdated. The heating and AC basically don't work. The rooms have furniture from circa 1980's but hey I hear that is coming back. Good thing because I will not.  The bar in the lobby and rooftop are nice however, the rooms look like jail cells and I had a suite.
bubble_50	I must admit that it takes a minute to absorb the simple classic nature of the Peninsula NYC. Its in the best location, and has wonderful staff. If you are expecting the glitz of the Plaza, or the sharp newness of the Park Hyatt, you might be disappointed with the Peninsula. However, if you prefer the elegant home of a wealthy relative, where things are thought out and beautiful, this is the place. We has a junior suite facing the street, and it was beautiful; not as large as you might expect, but fine for 2 people. The spa is all you could expect, with steam, pool and sauna. There are fitness classes as well as full gym.  The breakfast is not the stuff yourself buffet, but full-service menu of delicious items...best French toast I have ever had anywhere. There is a downstairs
bubble_10	Staying at St. Regis and dropped by rooftop bar at the Peninsula. Dont go.  Used to be wonderful, albeit expensive. Surly staff, dirty terrace, poor service, walked out. Last time wasnt any better.  Gave it second chance.  Im done with it.  Go to King Cole bar at St. Regis and be treated with good service and respect.
bubble_50	This was a last minute trip for us. What a lovely treat it was! The staff were nothing less than 5 Star, the rooms although small, were beautifully appointed, and the locations is of course perfect! The bath rooms are a good size, and the room was very quiet, just what we needed!
bubble_20	Stayed at Peninsula NY for 3 nights in early April 2018 for business. Having arrived from Chicago, where I stayed at the local Peninsula, the one in NY seemed just a poor thing compared to its Midwest brother, which indeed is one of the best hotels in the US.  To put things in perspective, however, and to not compare Peninsula NY with the one in Chicago, let me just number the things that deceived me (especially considering that you pay $ 750+tax per night per room, year-round, which is not really cheap, even by the insane NY standards): 1) Lobby is small and registration desk fills up pretty quickly, by which you may end up waiting minutes before being taken care of: not great in a 5 star top-end hotel. 2) Rooms are ok, but very small in size and betraying the fact that the
bubble_40	Beautifully located hotel.The feel of this hotel is very boutique-like, though it is a high rise structure. The registration is personal, and quick.   The rooms are of ample size, but smaller than many of its competitors. Although some previous reviewers describe the hotel decor as traditional, I thought that it was a little dated and stuffy. Our television was relatively-small, and set in an armoire.  We had an interior view, which was okay for a short stay, but it would feel claustrophobic for a long stay. The bathroom had a shower and bathtub, and was large for a New York City hotel.  This hotel is very expensive. I know that there are less costly options that are available which provide a comparable or better experience. For the money, this hotel should provide an
bubble_50	This was our first stay at The Peninsula.  We had booked a room at a different midtown property, and emailed the GM there asking his opinion of The Peninsula.  He replied saying his property was not in the same class - and he had to be right.  The lobby is stunning, the room was generous size and the bathroom was very large.  Everything was perfectly clean, and the bathrobes and slippers provided made it easy to relax after a day of walking.  When there was a light rain outside, our doorman provided us Peninsula umbrellas for the day.  Located on 5th Ave and 55th, street, the views are stunning!  We had a drink at the rooftop bar, and it is a must see regardless of where you stay in town.  The staff?  Never had better.  The gentleman at the door knew our names right away and
bubble_30	My husband and I stayed here for two nights between Christmas and New Years during a very busy time. There were many little things that made for an overall disappointing stay, but after our return home and communication with the hotel, they tried to make it right. I will not go into great detail here, but I must advise you to request a room that is not near the service elevators.  We were exhausted by the second night of what we had hoped would be a relaxing and restful stay, due to the loud rumbling and vibration caused by the service elevator.  Moving to another room around one a.m. the second night of our stay helped, but no one should ever be put in that room to begin with.   Follow up from The Peninsula took my one star review up to three stars, but I cannot rate it any
bubble_50	Stayed here for work for two nights. Here are the highlights.   - The room is furnished in a traditional manner, in taupe colors.  My room had a small seating area with a couch and a coffee table.  Modern but cozy.  Only the light switches seemed slightly dated.    - Staff is incredibly friendly, warm and genuine.    - Close to Fifth Avenue, where all the department stores and fancy shops are.   -  Lots of dining options nearbyexpensive,  moderately priced, and cheap.   All types of cuisine available.    Wonderful historic hotel with cozy rooms and great service!
bubble_50	What an amazing experience to relay here for The Peninsula and its staff. The hotel, without exception, is the finest hotel overall in New York. I say overall because the review here encompasses not just what you get in a room but the service by hotel staff members. For New York City, I was amazed by the sincerity and genuine, friendly staff members. I had 2 visitors traveling to NYC from Italy to see the city for the first time. I wanted to make sure their experience was an enjoyable one. I cannot say enough praises for this hotel. It has the luxury and charm of 5 star but unlike the other luxury hotels, it offers a friendly atmosphere that you don't find in comparable hotels such as The Plaza. This hotel has old historic charm and yet successfully juxtaposes its history with a
bubble_50	This review is regarding my first stay with The Peninsula.  I had been on a family trip for one night, with my Mother.  I have stayed with numerous "five star" hotels in major cities worldwide, especially in Manhattan.  It seems that star ratings are often liberally applied, however, The Peninsula has earned their rating!  The room was very well appointed and everything was in perfect working order.  My room was spotess, whisper quiet and had nice views.  I enjoyed the electronic controls placed throughout the room.  The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom couldn't have been much nicer if I had designed it myself.  I also interacted with many of the staff, including at the management level.  Everyone was professional, cordial and accommodating. The pool, spa and Salon De
bubble_50	The hotel is beautiful but does have a little age. Everything is well maintained which makes those older items more nostalgic than just outdated. The beautiful artwork throughout is very impressive. The service is top notch. The staff even laid out out pajamas and slippers in the evening.
bubble_50	We stayed our last night of a three week trip in the states at The Peninsula NYC.   It was our last night in Manhattan and it was the 29th November which meant the tree lighting ceremony was happening at Rockefeller Centre, so we wanted to stay somewhere close but also wanted a bit of luxury...  We hit the jackpot when it came to the Peninsular! From the moment I made our booking till the moment we checked out, the service we received from the hotel was unlike anything Ive ever experienced before, completely 5 Star and beyond.  Caroline was amazing, she helped make sure everything was in place for us when we arrived. She had arranged a special surprise for my son who was turning 2 years old in 2 days time, so it was the start of our early celebrations. She made the whole stay
bubble_40	The hotel is aesthetically pleasing and has comfortable, clean rooms. Bathrooms are particularly clean. The 4-Star rating is due to our following opinion. Other travelers may have no issues with these and may think these are non-issues:  As a Chinese-owned hotel brand, it should be no surprise that coffee and espresso makers were NOT in the rooms. For $50, and if there were any available, you could request one be placed in your room.  Not a huge issue as you could take the elevator to the 21st floor pool to make an espresso, hot tea or latte.   No top sheetswe requested a top sheet on our bed and received it. However, the next evening it was removed and we were left to sleep with just the comforter. (On this subjectHousekeeping did a thorough job twice a day.)   Soaps &
bubble_40	Had a lovely stay at the peninsula. The hotel is clean and quite small in the communal areas. Room was small but lovely.   Really loved the gym and pool. The peloton bikes are amazing.   Vu hair salon was also really good. I loved my blow dry and the view is fabulous.
bubble_50	Loved the upgrade to high floor and corner suite with spectacular overview of Fifth Avenue! This was my first visit in American Peninsula, yet following with their tradition of utmost quality in Asia, the latest of which in Paris, the front desk was impeccable to show hospitality and concern with the best possible visit I could experience! (Stayed November 2016)
bubble_40	The Peninsula is a beautiful hotel with comfortable, clean, quiet rooms and all the luxury amenities. I believe it is priced so much higher than nearby competitors (e.g., Quin) because it has the spa with indoor pool, sauna, and steam room. But if you are traveling with a busy business schedule, you won't have time to use those things anyway. The gym is well stocked with lots of treadmills, a stair machine, several spinning bikes, free weights/kettle bells, jump ropes, and Nautilus-type weight machines, yet lacks some basics like an aerobic step (for box jumps) and only had one fitness ball (those big ones). Bonus: they offer a variety of free group fitness classes including early morning weekday classes suitable for business travelers, and reasonably-priced personal training
bubble_50	Couples only Valentines Day Weekend. The hotel was comfortable and quaint, in the heart of NYC in an older building so didnt expect a lavish huge lobby or enormous rooms but it was very nice and roomy enough. Its location is what sets it apart, a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, The Plaza, St. Patricks Cathedral, Central Park, Broadway and in the heart of 5th avenue. We walked for the most part everywhere we wanted to go. We were there for the chinese New Year celebration which included chinese lanterns, Dragons and a giant dog made of flowers decorating the lobby. Along with a celebration with chinese dancers dressed as dragons and a dog for the Year of the dog. Breakfast was excelent in Clement their restaurant and the rooftop bar was a nice way to enjoy the night
bubble_50	Stayed only for one amazing night but managed to sample a lot this hotel has to offer. Located on Fifth Ave very close to Tiffanys and Rockefeller. Rooms are sumptuous. Service is polite and helpful. Breakfast menu is astounding. I had the Japanese breakfast and a colleague had the Chinese breakfast. Both were large enough to feed four people. Quality was good enough to ask to take away the leftovers which was an acceptable request and given to us in very pretty little cardboard boxes. The rooftop bar was lovely with full views of fifth avenue,cocktails were good and service friendly. It was busy but once they knew we were staying at hotel they cleared space for us. 21st floor has spa and a few levels above that is the pool which is a lovely spot for a coffee and reading of
bubble_50	Met with a smile and warm greetings everyday we were there.  Staff is efficient, friendly and very helpful.  We were upgraded on checkin to a nicer room to celebrate our anniversary.  The room had a bottle of wine and chocolate covered strawberries to welcome us.  Free water is always left for you.  Room is spacious and comfortable,  a tad disappointed in the bed.  Would have expected a better mattress.  Kept hearing the springs pop.  Bathroom was beautiful and omg what a shower.  Awesome pressure.  Tv in the bathroom in front of soaking tub.  Great roof top bar, Clement bar was very nice too.  Had brunch at the Clement restaurant and it wasnt good at all.  I would skip that part.  SPA was amazing.  Great couples massage and facials, such a lovely relaxing environment.  Loved
bubble_50	Stayed there for a week long. Regularly in NYC and do like Peninsula for its prime location and great personnel. All concierge service is exceptional, especially Victoria- knows everything - latest exhibitions, hot shows and restaurants. She made my stay. Receptionist Mark was also patient and helpful. Cant wait to come back.
bubble_50	My husband and I came here for our first night "away" from our 2 1/2 year old.  Our primary objective was to enjoy the spa and SLEEP.  We enjoyed the pool and locker room amenities (though the steam room in the men's locker room was not warm enough per my husband) and then had the best night's sleep in literally years.  The combination of luxurious bed linens, perfect room temperature, darkness of the room, and utter silence was exactly what we needed.  I'm pretty sure it was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.  Oh, we also ordered in room service (delicious) and had afternoon tea after our late check-out.  Extremely expensive, extremely indulgent, extremely enjoyed.
bubble_40	Amazing hotel , the best beds , superb room,  staff amazing what more can I say   Great location for just about everything , slightly pricey and a better deal if we had gone direct   Still worth it though , well done to the whole team ,
bubble_50	Excellent accommodations for business or pleasure.    Very convenient location to all attractions.    Close to Radio City Music Hall and Saint Patricks Cathedral.   Clean, Upscale and worth the value.  Highly recommended.
bubble_50	I have for some reason ended up staying at Four Seasons instead of The Peninsula when i have had the chance of either of those. So this was my first stay at a Peninsula hotel.  From start to beginning it was just great. The best hotels are often defined with how they deal with problems. We got a room that we did not feel where entirely cleaned. Called down and got a new room straight away. Not questions just interested in us being comfortable.  Top floor bar was great with good selection of both food and drinks. Restaurant served good atmosphere and great food and drinks. Heck, even roomservice food was better than expected.  The mini cooper service was a wonderfull experience that took us across downtown in a three hour sightseeing session. Room was big enough to work from
bubble_30	This Peninsula on 5th Ave was a little disappointing. I don't know how old it is or when it was last renovated but after spending time at the Peninsula in Paris, I know it needs updating.  The one in Paris has iPads to control everything in the room and you can even order room service.  The one on 5th is definitely older.  We had a small room with an adjoining living room ( king size bed).  I felt very cramped.  Not much room in the room where bed was located.  One morning i arrived at breakfast to find they had stopped serving at 10:30.  I honestly was shocked!  So I walked to the Four Seasons and had breakfast there.  I usually stay at the Four Seasons but I decided to change it up and regretted it. I will say it is in a wonderful location.  Very close to Central Park and
bubble_50	Lovely hotel with great service. Such a beautiful property in midtown NY. impeccably clean rooms with many creature comforts. Going to visit their SPA tomorrow.  The front desk staff was terrific with every attention to detail.
bubble_40	The Peninsula is a lovely hotel on 55th near Madison Avenue, which is great location for shopping, restaurants and shows.  The rooms are clean and stylish but very small.  Overall, a great hotel, but the price is really too high compared to other great hotels of equal or better quality in the city.
bubble_50	We treat our 5 year old to a week in new york for christmas to spoil him and book this hotel and one of its grandest suites , its plus was that its in the luxury 5th avenue district, This was our first stay at the Peninsula and it was great! unbelievable views of the city are just simply amazing. Attentive and friendly staff throughout the hotel, restaurants, and bars made it even more pleasurable. Location is right in the heart of midtown and just a few steps away from great shopping, restaurants, and the Central Park. Have a drink at Fives and enjoy the view overlooking 5th Avenue. The spacious, well-kept room was filled with fine amenities and even a touch-screen display that controlled everything from the room lighting, temperature, TV, and even the "Do Not Disturb Sign". It
bubble_50	The hotel is gorgeous and sits at one of the best corners of New York City (at least if you want to stay in midtown).  A standard room is expensive and you get a lot for your money - a great bed, quiet room and some of the most luxe linens you will ever sleep on.  However, the standard rooms are really tiny.  Barely fit for a couple, so if a tiny room bothers you, upgrade to a larger suite or pick a different hotel.  The rooftop bar is a must do, especially when the weather is nice.
bubble_30	Way too many unfavorable issues to address so I will only hit on the most unsatisfactory portion of our most recent stay (1/11/18- 1/13/18). Flying from CA - NY is daunting enough but to then be faced with rude and unhelpful service upon arrival is COM[LETELY unacceptable. We arrived Thursday evening at 9:15 and did not want to eat in the bar AGAIN as it is uncomfortable and lame for dining. The restaurant was already closed  due to the fact it was "off season" so we asked to take the "house car" to a restaurant that the front desk recommended. The very weak concierge told us the house car had stopped running 15 minutes earlier. Yes, we could have taken Uber or a taxi but the issue is that the concierge could have stepped up and offered alternate suggestions or even apologized,
bubble_50	I'm writing this review as a customer of the rooftop bar.  I was there with friends for drinks, and it was a gorgeous place to hang out for drinks and conversation.  The hotel is impeccably furnished.  Makes me want to stay here on another trip. The rooftop was great even in the November Winter evening, as they have space heaters by the tables.  The patrons were all beautiful dressed, and the view of the city was beautiful.  Inside was just a nice, and we did that as well.  Great service and ambiance. If I had any complaint at all, it would be that there were cigarette trays on the outside tables, so some people were smoking, which is so foreign to us Californians.  If I could change that one thing, then it would be absolutely perfect.  If you are sensitive to cigarette smoke,
bubble_50	From the bell boy opening the front door to the concierge offering to make bookings and the seamless ease of check in, first impressions were excellent. We continued to be delighted by this old fashioned gem of a hotel in midtown (not far from Central Park) with our room, spotlessly clean, well proportioned, excellent toiletries and additional extras like a turndown, so much daily provision for use of the mini bar (we had a premium room). While we did not using the bar or dining room in the hotel we did have Christmas dinner in the hotel (delicious) and received surprise chocolates on Christmas Day. This is a delightful hotel for those that don't mind spending a little extra for some old world charm. One final word to the team in the fitness/spa area - their attentiveness,
bubble_40	Booked a junior suite for 3 adults (family) room was ok spacious but nothing special for the amount you pay, let down on first night as the additional sofa bed was not made up as promised on turn down and had to call reception on getting back from dinner to have the bed made up, also only 2 of everything even though room was booked for 3. This was put right. Irritation on the shower as rain shower would not go off when using hand shower so got my hair wet, had to use the bath shower to avoid wetting hair as maintenance advised that is how the shower was and several residents complained about it. The Spa showers were not like that so not sure if it is true. On a positive the hotel decorations were amazing, bar and roof bar fantastic. Reception and bar staff great but door men
bubble_30	We had very high hopes for our stay at The Peninsula on the 30th and 31st of December after deciding to spend New Year's Eve in the city. Sadly, it seemed that the hotel hadn't adequately prepared its staff to deal with the holiday rush.  There was a bit of a wait to valet our car. Once we were able to get out staff quickly helped us with our bags. Check in was fast, and we appreciated an upgraded room, though there was a line of other impatient guests forming around us during the process. The room itself was very spacious by NY standards, and would have been extremely luxurious in the late 1980s. The dated lighting control panels, anachronistic fax lines, and small, cathode-ray tube TV in the bathroom seemed out of place in a hotel charging an advertised $1300/night. Linens
bubble_50	Spent a few nights over the Christmas holiday in midtown NY and decided - happily - once again to stay at the Peninsula New York.   I've been coming on and off for years, and it's always delivered in multiple ways.  This stay was no different.  Prior to arrival they arranged for upgraded rooms (Grand Luxe) and an early noon check-in.  Immediately greeted curbside by name from a front desk worker, I knew I would be welcomed to Peninsula's brand of subdued luxury for the new few nights.   The grand luxe rooms are generous in size  - though not full suites - and quite well appointed with numerous small touches in the sleeping and bath areas.  The windows are soundproof, TV and lighting centrally controlled, and beds fitted with top tier linens.  I especially liked the silent
bubble_50	Came here in November 17 with my wife for a long weekend (30th wedding anniversary).  This is a really lovely hotel in a great location; the service/staff are excellent (especially Dana on reception- big thanks to her), we had an amazing room (clean, beautifully decorated everything you would expect), two bars we went to were great (top floor had great views of NY) - excellent service/staff in both.  Just had a great stay and will definitely come back here again !
bubble_50	Great hotel, fantastic location,amazing facilities and beautiful Christmas decorations. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly nothing is a problem. The rooms as spacious and clean and extremely comfortable.  I didnt have time to use the spa however comes highly recommended
bubble_50	We stopped by hoping to have high tea but all tables were reservedbut we were given a comfy table to have a quick bite. The waiter was so kind and helped us decide on something the children (ages 7&9) would like : macaroni and cheese and soupmy daughter and I had our pot of tea and loved  the cheese and olive tray presented! The Lobby was so pretty and our table service was superb!!
bubble_40	Arrived on Thursday 7th December, we booked this hotel due to the location and near to Central Park & The Subway, which we took from JFK which took about 30 mins and under $15 for both of us. The room was a good size and well appointed, however there are no facilities in the room to make Tea or Coffee, coffee which is provided is in the downstairs bar before 7am which is free. No breakfast is included which most New York hotels dont provide but for the price you pay they could have included a light snack for the morning. The hotel has a lovely rooftop terrace and bar with heaters and blankets with amazing views, however beware of the extortionate drink prices. $28 for 2 half shandies. Staff were really polite friendly and helpful. As we said this location is perfect all the
bubble_50	Just returned from a memorable 4 night stay in New York at the Peninsula hotel.   It was our first trip to New York and we chose this hotel because of its good location on 5th Avenue in mid-town being close to Times Square and Central Park.   We had a suite on the 14th floor with superb views down 5th Avenue with a king size bed and an enormous bathroom.   Whilst there were a few minor issues on arrival these were quickly resolved by the front desk team with very special thanks to Dana who saved the day on more than one occasion. As you would expect from a hotel of this standard customer service was first rate and we were completely satisfied with the professional response to the matters raised.   There were only two negative aspects from our point of view.    Firstly the
bubble_40	We stayed as a party of 6 for 4 nights. We had booked two corner suites, and on arrival neither room was ready. After a long flight from London with children, this was less than ideal, but the hotel found us a room to use until they were ready. My mother wasnt feeling well and the hotel sent up tea and toast which was very kind. We had arranged with the hotel to add the package for the children of a gingerbread house and gingerbread decorating. Our room had some elements of the package missing and upon requesting these be delivered the following afternoon, they arrived 10 mins later. My parents suite was not a corner suite, and they were moved after one night to a corner suite. There were a number of miscommunications which became a little frustrating, regarding not receiving
bubble_50	My daughter and I recently stayed at The Peninsula New York and were wonderfully pleased by this hotel.  The location is excellent, our room and view were extremely pleasing and the staff were top notch.  The holiday decorations were so beautiful and the spirit of the holidays was felt throughout.  The rooftop terrace offered spectacular views and was also decorated for the holidays.  The candy shop in the lobby offering treats for young and old was quite an unexpected pleasure and not expected in NYC even though the Ritz-Carlton Orlando & The Waldorf Astoria in Orlando, FL offer something very similar.  On the weekend, guests are offered hot apple cider, delicious hot cocoa, and trays of sweets which are greatly appreciated after a long day of sightseeing.  My only
bubble_30	My husband and I spent one night here (December 15-16) to celebrate my birthday. I'll preface this review by saying that we booked this hotel as a last minute deal on a whim and were very much looking forward to staying at this well known property. We've stayed at Ritz Carlton's, Four Seasons, Langham property's, and Park Hyatt's in Asia. We are not new to travel. We were expecting an experience similar to what you would receive at any of the above.   Not even close.  Check in was smooth and friendly. We proceeded to the bar where we were absolutely ignored despite making eye contact with a younger gentleman employee wearing a suit twice. There wasn't even someone greeting guests (two girls and one male employee just standing around chatting) and there were a few patrons
bubble_50	In lieu of Christmas gifts, my husband and I opted for a trip to NY. Our stay at the Peninsula was a lovely way to get into the holiday spirit. The hotel lobby is festively decorated, musicians play holiday songs, and there is a little candy "shoppe" for the kids (and my husband). While the rooms are fine--decent size (for NYC), and appointed nicely, our room could have used a little refresher. Closet paint had dings and scratches, my nightstand's doors did not close properly, a few stains on the rug. That said, the bed was very comfortable, we had ample feather pillows, the bathroom is very nice, and the rooms were quiet. However, what makes the Peninsula special is the attention to service--the staff is kind, attentive, and seek to be a step ahead of their guests in
bubble_50	Many hotels promise and provide luxury. The Peninsula customizes that, by creating your own idea of luxury! My first experience was the original hotel, in Hong Kong. All experiences there and here in New York, have consistently remained. The rooms are sumptuous, the service is decadent, the atmosphere is old -world, the lounge and restaurant are legendary! Of course, this is high end and that does not come cheaply! Go , stay, ENJOY!!!!!
bubble_50	Booed an amazing say for 3D2N in the Peninsula New York. Best location on 5th Avenue and round the corner of the Rockefeller Centre. Room was big and spacious although the bath tub is small. Food is great for all our room service orders. SPA is the BEST!
bubble_30	Location is wonderful for walking but being close to the Trump Hotel makes it difficult to arrive by car. While the front desk and doormen were attentive the rooms were old without anything to make you feel special, not even a chocolate.
bubble_30	Stayed a few nights here in November. Hotel location is top, concierge was great as well, very good recommendations and helped with restaurant reservations.  Room was a disappointment for a number of reasons: seemed very worn out - in need of a makeover. While many reviews suggest the courtyard rooms are quiet my experience was the opposite: our room was right next to some sort of a power or A/C unit outside which could be heard very well on the inside as windows are not soundproof. Complained to the front desk but nothing they could do except apologizing. Bathroom was very nice and spacious, towels, linen etc were perfectly groomed (as expected from Peninsula).  Before checking in I wanted to extend my stay, called the hotel and the person claimed the hotel is full at our rate
bubble_50	We arrived for Thanksgiving dinner.  We had a stroller, jackets, hats, etc.  There were at least 4 doormen, including a bouncer, bell man and two actual door men.  They were all over us to help us out.  Great Service!!  We took pictures on the steps and then checked the stroller and our stuff for safe keeping.  It is a peninsula, so you expect top quality and they deliver
bubble_30	While my prior stays at The Peninsula New York were all 5-star, my most recent visit was disappointing.  If you are willing to pay $1200.00 a night for a standard room, you shouldnt be welcomed with a giant stain on the carpet (Room 716, for reference). This is something I would never expect to find in any Peninsula room, given their usual standards (see photo below).  Also, their normally top-notch customer service was below par at times.  When I called to have my suit picked up for pressing, I had to call back 45 minutes later to make sure somebody was coming.  Another annoyance happened when housekeeping knocked even though I had secured a late check out the day before.   Besides those three inconveniences, my stay was pleasant. The bed was very comfortable, bathrooms were
bubble_50	I totally forgot to write this review, we stayed here in July for 4 days, the hotel is amazing! Great location! We arrived around 8am after taking the overnight flight from Vancouver, i knew the room wouldnt be ready and the girl at reception was so nice ( I forget her name) she took our luggage and said she would try to be as quick as possible, this was a birthday vacation for me so mu husband mentioned it and she said she would try for an upgrade. We went for breakfast and came back and the room was ready and it was a beautiful upgrade! service was amazing, the gym is nice too plus they have gym kit to borrow! Would stay here again, even saw Rod Stewart  in the hotelwhen we stayed!
bubble_50	We visited the Peninsula Hotel twice during our visit to New York, once for cocktails and once for tea, what a lovely place, fantastic service levels as you would expect from a Peninsular Hotel!!  We would highly recommend this to anyone visiting NYC, its just of 5th so easy to find!
bubble_50	Wanted somewhere nice to stay during my marathon trip and boy was this it. No complaints AT ALL.  Check in and out was great, staff always friendly and remembered I was running marathon and they even left some goodies and a good luck plate in the room on the Saturday night.  Fantastic location too.   Another nice thing was that we were on the 15th floor and didnt hear a thing at night-silence was definitely golden and appreciated.  Overall, I cant recommend this hotel enough.
bubble_50	The very simple bottom line of this review is that I enjoyed an excellent stay and would certainly recommend the hotel if the price point is right for when you are booking.  From the moment I arrived till the moment I left I experienced only excellent service, from the initial welcome, to the reception, housekeeping and on leaving. The Peninsula does not achieve the same levels of personalized service and customer recognition that the Four Seasons hotels always do, but (a) this is still very good and (b) this is New York, not Asia, so one has to adjust expectations to what may be achievable.  I was very lucky to be upgraded to a junior executive suite and I can certainly say that anyone staying in such a suite will be very comfortable indeed. The view from the windows was to an
bubble_50	My husband and I have just returned from a 6 night stay at The Peninsula New York. We were treated like royalty for the duration of our stay and nothing was too much for the staff.  We were welcomed and upgraded by two levels (wedding anniversary) and the room was fantastic.  A personal note from the Hotel Manager, chocolate covered strawberries and rose petals on the bed when we returned in the evening after our first day of exploring.    The location of the hotel really is perfect for whether you want to explore uptown or downtown.  Very close to subways.  A five minute walk to Central Park in one direction and a ten minute walk to Times Square in the other.  There is always someone on hand to offer help or advice.  Our room overlooked Fifth Ave which is just an experience in
bubble_50	This is without a doubt the best hotel I've had the pleasure of frequenting.  From the bell hop opening your taxi door, to the delightful note in the evening thanking you for coming, everything has been perfect.  We will be back many, many times, and this is now our go-to spot in Midtown.  By the way, get the hot chocolate in the lobby bar.  You will not be disappointed.  And of course visit the rooftop bar in the evening. Every detail is considered, and appointed perfectly.
bubble_50	We just came back from an amazing trip to NYC and were lucky enough to stay at the Peninsula. The staff are all friendly and the decor is elegant. We were greeted by the lovely Dana who upgraded our room as a birthday treat to me! She showed us to our lovely room which was spacious and super clean. We got a lovely handwritten card from Dana during our stay which was a nice touch and a lovely cake on my birthday. The location of the Peninsula is perfect and within walking distance to many attractions. Would highly recommend this beautiful hotel and would definitely stay here again!
bubble_30	some staff were lovely, including by the pool and the lady who fixed our bathroom. Others, including reception, were snoot. We arrived late and had to ask to be shown to our room. The person who showed us couldn't work the light and said "oh well". We had no sleep the first night because of drilling opposite. It was dreadful. Then, my wife tried to have a bath but the plug woul dnot stay down. Then the tv did not work....reception told us they were full and that they did not know there would be drilling. I told them I would check out early and then they moved us. spa is nice. free voip phones very good as well.
bubble_40	Whilst visiting New York on the annual visit for business, I decided to bring my wife for her birthday (18 Oct) as my meeting would only consume one day and it was ideal for us to make a holiday of it. We couldnt have asked for better weather in October with temperatures reaching 23C (74F) most days.  We arrived at the Peninsula at approx. 2.30pm on 19 Oct to be told our room was not available. Wed just got off of a long flight from England and were tired but having been reassured by the front desk staff that it would be rushed to completion, we were happy to have a drink at the Gotham Lounge adjacent to reception. Unfortunately, this left less than a desirable first impression as all of the (empty) tables were reserved and we were given no option other than to sit at the bar
bubble_50	An amazing hotel. Definitely top notch. The concierge was very helpful in getting us hard to get reservations. The people working there were extremely courteous and always went out of their way to ensure youre needs are being met. The room was nice, but the shower door didnt close all the way and let some water out. Thats really annoying.   Would stay here again for sure.
bubble_40	PRO: 1. Before staying, we asked to set microwave and refrigerator, they gave us very quick response  and actually they were arranged them for free.   2. Early check-in was also available.  3. The front desk and doormen were kind attitude. 4. Location was perfect.  CON: 1. Our room was not so big, but we were troubled with unidentified noise. 2. Breakfast was not good for the price. 3. Only one man was so rude at the roof top bar.
bubble_40	This is a nice rooftop bar, especially if you can get a table outside. That makes it very comfortable on a nice weather night. Otherwise the inside bar is quite crowded and not very comfortable. The drinks are expensive.
bubble_50	I was staying at the Peninsula for 3 nights to attend the ASE17 meeting end of July 2017. I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel, located close to New York central park, so I went out for morning runs. The hotel has a long history but can use some upgrades here and there. The room had no view at all, it was looking out on the inner court and that was quite dark... an upgrade would cost me about 200 USD extra so I left it as is.
bubble_20	I just came back from a weekend in NYC and I stayed at the Peninsula. I have stayed at Peninsula properties in Chicago and NY before but I haven't stayed at the NYC Peninsula for sometime since is super pricey with room rates over 1,000$ a night. This time I got an acceptable deal through Hotwire and I wanted to try it again since I have not been there for sometime. Is of note that the Peninsula Hotels are always renowned for the impeccable service.....NOT this time. Upon arrival the bellman was from indifferent to rude. He didn't acknowledge me and he told me "is this your luggage?" definitely not in the most polite way...I was stunned... this would be the response maybe from a Motel 6 not from a world renowned luxury hotel. I went into the front desk where Marc was super nice
bubble_40	We stayed five nights in September 2017 and had booked a Deluxe Room. Having stopped over at the superb Peninsula, Bangkok some years ago en route from Australia, our expectations of the New York Peninsula were pretty high, though we did not really expect the level of service that seems only possible in the Far East. In fact, though, the service was generally excellent! But for a few minor deficiencies in the facilities, we would happily have given an Excellent rating.  The hotel provides all the amenities one would expect from a top-class establishment in New York.  The location on Fifth Avenue, in easy reach of Central Park, Times Square, St Patrick's Cathedral, The Rockefeller Center, the Empire State and Broadway, makes it a perfect base for the tourist visitor. We loved
bubble_40	I liked it, I liked it a lot.  I think the Ritz Carlton is the way to go though on the Park.  Service was good, It was spring time and the Park was beautiful.  There were zero issues traveling with my kids.  Food was good, but not great from room service  A lot of nickle and diming for services/stuff.  Kids were treated age appropriate and bed and bath were spacious and very comfortable.    There were small issues that were immediately corrected, but i struggle to figure out why I had to report them, they just should have been correct when we got there.    Stayed Fine Hotel & Resorts, enjoyed the amenities and just don't think it is a 1k a night property.    Still very very nice
bubble_30	First impressions were amazing, reception walked us to our room and welcomed us which was very nice. We had a Junior suite on the 12th floor, the room was large for 4 ppl and very quiet. The bed was okay comfortable not the greatest but the pillows were wonderful. The sofa bed was horrid, the mattress was springy and needs to be changed. Housekeeping was on top of things-maybe a little too much, ringing the doorbell a few times a day but not sure if it's a bad thing. No coffee pot in the room but they will bring one if requested. The pool area is beautiful.  If you want to go to the roof top, be ready and go right at opening - it's very small and fills up quickly. Our server on the roof top was extremely rude, when I tried to order he would look to my husband - not impressed
bubble_20	I had pretty high expectations. I stayed for one night in August. This hotel is quite pricey, I paid nearly a thousand for one night in a standard king room. This was my relaxation splurge before meeting up with some friends in the  Hamptons. I get that this is New York, and that hotels are generally much more expensive than other cities, but I have stayed in much nicer hotels in Manhattan for less than half the price of this one.  The bell/door service and front desk staff were all very nice. The hotel itself is quite dated, and really not up to the standard of a hotel of this caliber. The room was large enoughand the bedding and amenities were nice. The bath tub was quite small and the shower was not great. I kind of just expected more for the price. The pool area was ok
bubble_40	If you want to be half a block from Trump Tower, this is it. Otherwise, there is better to be had for the price. Because of location it is not possible for any room to have an outstanding view. I had a view of the street. The restaurant was OK, but again far from the best available in Manhatten.
bubble_50	my family stayed at the peninsula for a long weekend-what a beautiful place. service was fantastic. we had a suite with a very comfortable pull out bed for the kids. staff was very helpful and kind. we loved it!
bubble_50	Stayed here this past weekend after a number of years. Still the nicest, warmest staff at any hotel in NYC. Hallways are immaculate and the rooms are clean and inviting. Location is close to everything and the history of the hotel is historic. Will return.
bubble_50	We arrived late on a Thursday evening and were welcomed not only by a welcoming staff, but also by a friendly front desk checkin person.  Our room was very spacious, likely a result of an upgrade they gave us.  The amenities in the room was exceptional, although expected in a 5 star hotel.  It is located well in Manhattan, beyond the kitsch of Times Square, but close enough for a 25 minute walk.  There are many nearby restaurants, stores, Rockefeller Center, St Patricks Cathedral and the usual upscale 5th Ave shops.  The E train subway stop is also close.
bubble_30	The room and the view is quite OK. The service is not that I expect from the 5 star hotel. Their roof top has a nice atmosphere. Swimming pool is quite nice.  Minus points,  1. The checking in was too long , The front staffs even asked me to show my booking from my phone or the printed one?!? What will happen if I don't have the booking with me? I think you should have everything in your computer!  2. I sent email earlier about the BD cake for my bf and I got the email back nicely that they will prepare it when I arrive.The truth is the cake never come and no apology from them at all even I sent email to explain what's happened.  In 2016 I stayed at Trump Soho in the same period with this stayed. I would recommend that hotel than this one. You will get the unbelievable view and
bubble_40	The roof top at the hotel is not the best for  food, drinks are great...yet the humus is good but the real sweetner is the mere fact that smoking is allowed. Get a cigar and indulge.  Beautiful views and good service!
bubble_50	Everything about this hotel is fine. The location is perfect. A block from Plaza, on Fifth, discreetly tucked on 55th, surprisingly quiet. Luxurious and beautiful albeit darkish and smallish rooms. Incredibly satisfying bar on the top of the hotel with gorgeous views. Pool area is also on the top and is very, very nice. The staff is sweet yet professional. In summary if you can afford it no need to go elsewhere. When in Manhattan...
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed in the Peninsula hotel in August for 4 nights.  Every bit of our stay was wonderful.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Marian at the front desk checked us in and said if we could come back in 30 minutes she would have a wonderful room for us.  We already had some reservations and a tour booked, so coming back later was no problem.  Our room was absolutely perfect.  We were on the 18th floor, the view was great.  We had a beautiful, large bathroom, tub with TV in the wall, great amenities, wonderful robes and slippers, comfy bed, lots of windows for light, couch, desk, etc.  We loved how we could control the lighting of the room from the bedside phone.  The turn down service was so tastefully done.  We enjoyed a fabulous meal from room service after a
bubble_50	We stayed during the US Open 2017 before returning to Honolulu to visit family.  We've stayed at The Peninsula Bangkok and wanted to enjoy another property in the US.  Although we didn't utilize the spa (too busy going to tennis matches), we know it's legendary.  The suite we had was luxurious and the bed was divine, particularly after a long day of watching professional tennis.  The rooftop bar was crowded in the evening, which is a testament to the reputation it has.  We had an early morning flight and were waiting for a car at 03:30; security was fantastic and politely requested to see a guest's key card to confirm that the individual was indeed staying on property.  The location is ideal if you'd like to stay midtown, but not at Central Park or Times Square.  I'd be happy to
bubble_50	This hotel is exactly what you expect. It's position in Manhattan Central is marvellous. The rooms are smallish, but very luxurious. Service is excellent and exremely kind and helpful. Just one doorman couldn't hide his preference for what he thought were the richer clients. That was obvious. But hey, the hotel is wonderful.
bubble_50	My wife, 9-month old son and I had a four night stay at the TPNY.  We absolutely loved this hotel and had a hard time checking out.  We could have stayed for weeks.  I can't incapsulate every amazing detail about our stay, but I'll outline a few.  1. Big rooms with quiet sleeping quarters- we were right on 5th Ave but you would have thought our room was in a rural area.  It made for very peaceful nights of sleep.  My infant son slept like a baby :).  2. Service was spectacular- we were greeted with a personal note from the hotel manager, a crib made up with a baby bath robe, toiletries and a birthday desert for my wife.  3. Location- right on 5th Ave.- 10 minute walk to Central Park.  10 minute walk to Buochon Bakery at Rockfeller Center.  15 minute walk to Broadway  4.
bubble_30	$25 cocktails and terrible service!! Entitled bartenders and Superbad service!  We had several drinks from two different bartenders - one bartender (an older gentleman) with the most horrible attitude, and the other who was very professional  and extra nice after we told him about the service we've received initially... nice view/ not all the drinks are good - def not worth that much money... I've visited other Bars at the Peninsula in different cities in the past -this is not my favorite!!
bubble_30	Great location and it is a very lavish hotel.  But the rooms are not particularly big and the service is not that great that would warrant the extra price.  Not bad but just not worth the price, even with the small rooms.    A little old but I guess that is the style.  Service is decent but not really over the top
bubble_50	Three gal pals enjoyed a weekend at the Peninsula in early August. It made our fun trip even better. From the moment we arrived, we were treated as valued guests. The staff are amazing -  from the front desk, to the concierge desk, to the spa, housekeeping staff, front door staff.... they all work as a team to ensure you have a memorable stay. We enjoyed sitting up on the spa terrace with a delicious (and reasonably priced) bottle of  ros and some nibbles while we waited for our room to be ready (we had arrived around noon and they quickly had the room ready for us early.) They also have a rooftop terrace with an amazing bar and great views. Our suite was spacious and beautiful. The bed was super comfy, and a sleeper sofa in the living room was the best one any of us had ever
bubble_50	We booked this hotel on-line.  It was our first time there.  Booked a king room and upon arrival we were double upgraded.  The room was very spacious and was on the 12th floor with a beautiful view.  They have a roof top bar which opens at 5:00.  They have a beautiful spa and indoor pool with access to the outside with lounge chairs and light cuisine.  Service was wonderful.  Enjoyed a cocktail at the lower bar.  Very friendly bartender.  Great location.  A little pricey, but well worth it!
bubble_30	We had a one night stay at the Peninsula en route to Asia.  After numerous flight delays, we ended up arriving around 11pm to the hotel.  Our cab dropped us off and when we got out with our luggage, the doorman just looked at us and that was it.  Then up the stairs we went with our luggage.  The way the hotel is designed with the check in upstairs, I would have expected at least an offer to help.  Nothing - even though there were about 4 staff members milling about.  Ok, fine, I thought I would overlook this.  We checked into our room nice and efficiently and then immediately went downstairs to see if we could get a drink.  The person at reception wasn't sure if we could get up to the rooftop bar so he checked and almost seemed like he was doing us a favour by getting us in.  No
bubble_30	Evaluate one Hotel, for me, is put all together in a balance and considerate. Room was very good (bed and bath) no question about that, but for 600 + tax in my opinon dont justify that value. Is not something outstanding. Breakfast is very over the price. One omelete $25 dollars + $18 for 2 cups of coffee + 20% Tip that came included on the bill, should be optional you give or not dependind on the service and off course if you like the service + treatment you leave what you want. But in this case is mandatory because came on the total to pay. The rest you pay for all I believe that someday they will charge for each time that you want to go to bathroom or use the elevator.   Outside the street smells very bad (garbage) and in the end of the day entire street is full of plastic
bubble_50	The location is the best, the staff incredibly professional, the rooms gorgeous (some can be small - make sure you request a more spacious one) this place totally lives up to the hype you may have heard about it. A must in its price range.
bubble_30	This hotel has a lot going for it: great midtown location just off Fifth Avenue, topnotch service, and nicely decorated rooms. We had stayed here many times in the past and had generally been impressed with their attention to detail. This stay was not so good, marred by service glitches (including being woken early one morning by a mistaken maid). Worst was that our room had a terrible musty odor of cigarette, as if it had been a smoking room prior to the property going smoke-free and they hadn't repainted the walls or changed the carpet in the transformation. On the plus side, the service was friendly and efficient as always. The fitness center is very nice, although the pool is a bit too small to do laps. All in all, our stay here was okay, just not up to the standards that I
bubble_40	We wanted to stay close to shops and restaurants but away from Times Square so we picked The Peninsula as we have stayed in their hotels in Asia. I would say this hotel is not comparable to other Peninsula properties. There were not as many rooms which probably explains why foot traffic wasn't as busy and hotel was quiet which we were very pleased with. Our room was comfortable, toiletries were abundant, and staff were very pleasant, accommodating, and eager to please. We also liked how the hotel was just a few steps away from good shops and restaurants. Overall, our stay was very pleasant so we enjoyed our short trip to NYC. Good job Peninsula!
bubble_30	Thought I'd splash out on a 2 night stay in NYC and the choices were down to the Peninsula, the St. Regis and the Plaza. Having recently stayed and enjoyed at their flagship Hong Kong property and am a relatively frequent visitor to the Manila Peninsula, I thought of booking the Peninsula to stay in my comfort zone.   Compared to the Asian properties, I must say that I have been a little let down by the NYC Peninsula. Booking through the hotel website got me an upgrade with a view of 5th Avenue, instead of the wall of the adjacent building. The included breakfast was good and the staff service was nice enough. However, the hotel lacked that x-factor which the Manila and Hong Kong Peninsula Hotels have the minute one walks through the door. Space doesn't provide for a grand lobby
bubble_50	this is a beautiful looking, impeccably maintained hotel , but it should be.  the food was delicious (octopus in particular was outstanding) and the cocktails were perfect...  however, it was the staff that makes this place shine.  If one were to put the same staff in a 2 star establishment  it would still get a 5 star review!  We were so impressed and would like to thank Arlene and co. for making our short stay unforgettable... thank you The Peninsula, NYC
bubble_50	We have just returned from a short stay at this fabulous hotel. We had a suite as we had 2 teenagers with us. Every detail was catered for in the room from an extra bed to all ranges of toiletries in the bathroom. Our bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in, pure luxury. The details were so special. Handwritten note from the manager, lining and sorting toiletries every evening, fresh flowers, fruit, noticing sunglasses and leaving a glasses cleaning cloth. We lost a very precious blanket whilst there and everybody went out of their way to find it and return it to us.  We didn't use either restaurant but did use the roof top bar which, as you would expect, was superb, with great views.  Can't wait to stay again..........I wouldn't stay anywhere else xxx
bubble_30	I'm a little torn on this review.  On the whole, there was nothing seriously wrong I could put my finger on, but it was just a little lacking in something, perhaps service.  The staff were not at all rude, but they just weren't welcoming.  I didn't feel like they wanted me to be there.  We checked in, got our room keys and that was about it.  We did get a few head nods or hellos when we walked by the front desk but it felt forced.  Here's an example of what I'm trying to describe.  Out of perhaps two dozen times I walked through the front doors of the hotel, the door was opened for me three times.  This is with multiple people(staff) standing around be it outside or inside.  One of those times I was following someone else through so otherwise I might not have been so lucky.  I
bubble_50	I had a great stay.  The price was good -- an offer from United Airlines after I booked my flight.  I received a one category upgrade upon checking in. The hotel is beautiful and in impeccable condition. The staff is truly friendly and helpful. I look forward to another stay.  (I used to be a Waldorf Towers / Waldorf fan but they're now closed.  The Peninsula is notably nicer.)
bubble_50	I stayed at The Peninsula during a business trip and was very satisfied with this hotel.  At check in they recognized that I stayed in another property recently and gave me and my colleague upgrades.  Room was very spacious, huge bathroom and closet space that is not common in NY.  They have a very nice gym, with access to an open terrace with its own garden.  As expected in a hotel at this category, food was quite expensive.  I loved this hotel and intend to stay again whenever possible and the rates are reasonable!
bubble_50	We booked an executive suite and it was spacious, even in Manhattan. The staff went out of their way to help with my child. The breakfast was served quickly, which is important as a parent of a 2 yr old. The pool was a hit and the wrap around sun terrace was great! A family friendly way to see the skyline for some drinks and light snacks instead of the roof bar. I thought it was one of the great things about the hotel. Overall, we were very relaxed at this property. We hired a babysitter and the service was excellent and we really liked our sitter, Alanna. We have booked babysitters all around the world at luxury hotels so I have some experience in this.
bubble_50	What an amazing hotel. It may be NYC best kept secret. The staff was delightful and the location superb!  We were given an upgrade without asking which was a very good start and our bags made it to the room exactly when we arrived.   The rooftop bar is a must. Try to be at the elevator at 5pm so you get a nice table.   An overall strong hotel.
bubble_50	The hotel is located in the most convenient location in NYC. You can feel the heartbeat of NYC and can walk to a strong selection of restaurants, broadway and CP!  The service really is the star of the show he! They welcome your requests and do all they can to ensure it's execution. The Concierge team is quite special, Richard will do everything to get your preferred restaurant and time.   The SPA is a dream! It feels like you are so where far away from NYC.   All and all we found a new home in NYC when we visit.
bubble_10	Cannot fault the location but for what you pay to stay at this hotel with exception to breakfast staff the service is very underwhelming everywhere else.  Our clothes were shrunk from their outsourced laundry service, some items even went missing!  When I notified house keeping they said it was my fault that I didn't specify instructions for how to wash the clothes!  Took it up further and the housekeeping manager did apologise and gave me refund on laundry bill but my clothes were ruined and could be replaced.  They charge your chard without warning or notification, so I came home to a bill which I am still trying to figure out and have emailed them 4 times now to question the items and the overcharging and still have not resolved as they are very poor at getting back to me so
bubble_30	Well I stay in Peninsula hotels around the world. All I can say is that this one needs to be re-done. Its time the hotel is looking tired and old. the furniture is all worn out in the suites. The spa is very nice and the roof top bar is nice but overcrowded with non hotel guests, so if you are staying at the hotel in order to get a table tip the bar manager early and often. The suite we stayed in was nice but even the widows are outdated and the views limited because of it. I will probably go back to the Baccarat Hotel or Lowell
bubble_50	There being over 400 hotels in NYC, it takes a lot to be among the best there are.  Ive stayed at the Mandarin Oriental and the Ritz Carlton (Central Park) on previous visits. There is no question that both are absolutely 5-star category hotels.  But for proximity to the places I like to visit on trips to NY, hands down the Peninsula is better situated among the previous two.  I go to NYC to watch Broadway shows, to visit St Patricks Cathedral, to go shopping, to eat at fine-dining restaurants in midtown. The Peninsula is definitely better situated. So, really, the Pen takes my vote for location, location, location.  There is one other thing which made me sit up and take notice and for which I will now consider booking my next trip at the Peninsula again.  I booked my online
bubble_50	This is an amazing hotel with the best customer service I have ever experienced! The room was immaculate and beautiful and the beds and pillows were so comfortable. It is in a perfect location within walking distance to Central Park! We had a great time at their Salon de Ning rooftop bar with a spectacular view of the city!
bubble_40	This hotel was in a wonderful location, right on 5th avenue.  The room was spacious, and was beautifully appointed (although, admittedly, quite pricey).  Although the staff wasn't particularly attentive, when we needed the concierge services, they were very prompt and professional.  My only complaint of this hotel has to do unfortunately with housekeeping.  My party of 4 stayed for 6 nights, and for some reason unknown to me, for nights 5 and 6, we weren't given enough towels.  We had to call to receive an extra towel one night (and waited for over 30 minutes to receive the towel), and the next night we only received 1 towel, so we had to call for an additional 3 towels.  I could perhaps (?) understand the problem at the beginning of our stay, but not towards the end.  It
bubble_50	The room was fairly spacious - The Bathroom was well done. The Pool is near the top of the hotel but there is a Rooftop Bar! There is a Sundeck to be enjoyed. The staff was very accommodating and the beds were comfortable. The location is near Central Park and a short walk to times square.
bubble_50	As a caveat - I have been wanting to stay at this hotel for nearly 20 years - yes, 20. Why so long? First, I always went for "sexier" hotels - Ritz Carlton Central Park, The Plaza, St. Regis, Four Seasons, etc. Second, their room prices are really high, even for me (starting around $895 for a room with a view of the interior courtyard). I was delighted to find - and took advantage of - the hotel's "Pay for 2 nights get the 3rd night free" summer special, and I was able to book a Grand Luxe room on 55th with a great view up 5th Ave.   I arrived on a Thursday around 12, fully expecting to check my luggage before heading off for my 1:30 lunch reservation a few blocks away. Surprise! My room was ready - so I was able to check in, go up and leave my luggage and even sit down for a
bubble_40	Five years since we were last in NYC and at the peninsula, first room we were given was small although we booked same as our last visit complained and we were moved instantly, I think the door staff are very slow to respond to returning guest unless you're a good looking young lady or in a plush suit as we were on holiday and always in casual dress, door staff only opened door for us 3 times during an eight day stay, provision of toiletries, towels and bath robes was hap dash and intermittent, asked for some ice one evening it never arrived, so whilst the hotel has maintained a high standard of cleanliness and presentation I think their attentions to guests has lapsed somewhat compared to our previous visits.
bubble_50	It has been well over two years since my last review. I have been to NYC multiple times with family and have stayed at the Ritz Carlton Central Park and Battery Park, The Viceroy, The Sofitel, The Surrey, The Waldorf but have had mixed experiences with each. I have been in search of the best five star hotel with service that matches up to its ranking and so far, I must say, it's the Peninsula NYC here in NY. What I loved:  1) Five star service with no evidence of pretentiousness. I HATE staying at hotels where the staff treat people differently because they are in an "upscale" hotel. Thank you to the staff for being kind to everyone. That goes a LONG way.  2) Convenient location: on corner of 55th and 5th Avenue. Super easy to walk up and down and shop without having to take
bubble_50	Took family two boys 19 and 17 and daughter 12, happy birthday to city for weekend. Stayed in suite. We were greeted by Jason at the door, great guy and very professional, helpful, friendly, and got us off to a great start. Beautifully appointed hotel with great and friendly staff. Beautiful pool with an equally great terrace sun deck that overlooks central park and seventh avenue. Outstanding in every way. We had five in our suite which was perfect for our quick hit stay. Can't beat the location with the entrance door on 55th street tucked away from the madness. Hotel car brought us all the way down to the 9/11 memorial and waited for us to complete our two hour visit and then brought us back to hotel. Service like this hotel offers is rear. Would not stay anywhere else. Thanks
bubble_30	After staying at the Peninsula in Chicago last year my expectations for New York were very high.  Other than the doormen who were wonderful, I never felt the warmth of any staff member which is so genuinely apparent at the Chicago property.  The room could use a little refreshing (carpet) and we blew circuit breakers twice.  Overall it was good but not the wow I wanted on this short trip to New York.
bubble_50	Definitely a NY Peninsula property  Great location on fifth ave  Amenities first rate   Service can be spotty  Confirm details or preferences   Fine dining in neighborhood   Mid town with a continental style   Staff turn over an issue
bubble_50	This is the best Hotel in New York City and not every body knows it.   My Father, who loved Luxury and only bought the best he could afford his whole life, always stayed Here and took me out to Lunch here.  He owned a home on Rowes Wharf in Boston overlooking the Harbor. And Luxury and service were tremendously important to him, as they were to my Grandfather,Harry.  At the Peninsula Hotel in New York they offer a 15 percent discount if they can help you out.  Often because they are so excellent at what they, they can not accommodate you unless you make a reservation well in advance.  My Father, had a small business and traveled all over the United States. He was licensed in every state. He always made me make his reservation on the phone. He was very funny. He would say" Get me
bubble_40	The peninsula! As most can anticipate, a beautiful property.  I have been to Peninsula's across the world, and though I enjoyed my stay, I was missing a "WOW" factor.  Overall, well sized rooms (for NYC), Nice rooftop bar, friendly staff but of course Pricey!   Hotel is perfectly located and provides you with a hint of "OLD PRESTIGIOUS NEW YORK"   What I loved about the hotel is that it wasn't loud and people were respectful.  Either way, safe stay!  Not a WOW but still beautiful.
bubble_30	I booked through AMEX FHR and was quite surprised with the quality of the rooms and overall facility. Maybe time for some updating! I had an issue at check-in as well but  partially my fault. My first room was not good but they quickly fixed that situation. Certainly way better hotels to stay in NY at a better price than this. I will not return and do not recommend it to others.
bubble_50	55th and 5th Avenue in the heart of New York City. Doesn't get any better then this. The staff was extremely friendly and treated us like royalty. The rooms are amazingly spacious and the beds couldn't have been better. Truly one of New York City's finest.
bubble_50	Very famous and awesome hotel, top service and in an optimal position for tourists, a little less for work, the rooftop is really beautiful and the SPA is one of the best in town, if possible ask for an high floor room park view, the lower ones due to the proximity to others skyscrapers sometimes are  a little dark and stifling.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is well known for being a luxury hotel, and we were not disappointed by the facilities and the attentive staff. The rooms had every modern convenience, our choice of newspapers delivered, and ice delivered within minutes. The rooftop bar and the spa/fitness center were special as well. But our favorite part about this hotel was the location. We were a short walk from the theater district, the park, the museums, the retail areas, and when we wanted to go downtown there were any number of subway stops close by. We will definitely stay here again in the future!
bubble_50	It was amazinh experience that i stayed at Peninsula Newyork. This hotel is in classical, fancy and splendid mood. All staffs are well trained and superb, especially i thank for Minjee of front desk. I wish i could visit again.
bubble_40	I was beyond excited to stay here for a recent trip with my husband, this is by far the most expensive hotel we've booked so I had high hopes.  Admittedly, we probably had one of the the least expensive rooms in the entire hotel, but I couldn't help but feel a little let down.  No view, some of the outlets didn't work (the ones by the bed to charge phones and in the desk), tiny room, and pluming issues with the bathroom.  The service was top notch however, this is a great staff provide superior customer service.  It's a great location as well.  Maybe next time I'll book a nicer room :)
bubble_40	My brother booked for us a 3 day trip to new york and he booked at the peninsula.  I was very excited to stay in this hotel as it was also very expensive.  The concierge was extremely helpful, rooms were very clean, reception was helpful, the room was comfortable but it looked inside an alley, i don't even know what to call it.  Some rooms were looking inside of what could be a garden, a fountain, i don't know, but instead it was very dark and it almost felt like a prison.  This is the only reason i will not give it 5 stars is the fact that the view was horrible and there is no chance to ever see the sun.
bubble_30	The Peninsula is a five-star hotel to be sure, with room details/amenities and staff that come with that rating. The failure, however, was our room, which looked onto an inner courtyard. Kind of humorous, now that I write this, but this was no "courtyard"; more like an open shaft with other rooms facing ours only 20 feet away.  We had little natural light and no sky views. Sunlight never reached these rooms (and at check-in they said we had been upgraded). We had to go to the lobby or to the restaurant to see what was happening weather wise. We also found the three sets of stairs from the street to the elevators to be excessive and a very long climb to the restaurant. We won't be back to this hotel. Again, a luxurious room but without natural lighting, it was a disappointment.
bubble_50	Premier sejour- first stay at The Peninsula and we immediately became fans! Everything from the 1st second to the last was perfection! Tout a t parfait du dbut  la fin. C'tait mon anniversaire et nous avons eu droit  de superbes attentions - bouteille de champagne, upgrade for a corner suite with a view (20th floor), late Check-out and free drink on the roof top!  We recommand Eve ruine to spend a special anniversary to The Peninsula. A very special thank you note to Santiago who made our stay a very special and unique One. Still on the door step but can't wait my next stay. ... pour profiter du Sun terrasse , de l'un des plus beaux gyms jamais visit et de l'iconique emplacement! Need an additional argument?... the bath rooms Products are Oscar de la Renta
bubble_40	We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in April and would be happy to return. It is within walking distance of 5th Avenue shops, Central Park & Broadway, and is close to the metro to get anywhere else. The room was comfortable, clean and well equipped - although a tea/coffee making facility would have been useful. Our view was uninspiring, but it didn't affect us too much as we were hardly in the hotel during the day. Staff were polite & friendly. Prices to eat & drink in the hotel were high so we went out for meals as there were plenty of places nearby. We would recommend mainly due to location.
bubble_50	In the heart of Manhattan and 2 minutes from Central Park, a beautiful home away from home. What I like the best about this hotel with its luxurious rooms, excellent rooftop bar/cafe, superb restaurant, is actually the staff. Once you step in, you leave the madness of the city behind to a very nice welcoming environment. Concierge staff are the best, they try their best , wether best Opera seats, reservation to a nice restaurant or arrange meeting event or transportation. Housekeeping is excellent. Breakfast highlight: lobster eggs benedict.
bubble_50	first time here-- good location-- nice staff-- good rooms and facilities- spa on site and good workout  areas-- rooftop views and even a garden--get a deal and stay a while...........close to park--  on fifth-- little hike to broadway but burn those calories off from eating good
bubble_40	I can highly recommend this Hotel in New York. The location is just perfect and the rooms are very nice.  The whole staff is very friendly besides one lady at the bar pushing for drinks. That was not really necessary.  Besides her the rest of the bar staff is very friendly and the food is ok. Foodwise is room for improvement.
bubble_50	I went their with my wife and some friends The location is excellent, next to Fifth Ave. The hotel has class. The bed is wonderful  On the roof they have a nice bar  Service, just excellent  Will go certainly back
bubble_50	Love the Peninsula.  Older classic nyc luxury hotel that's still great fir a romantic weekend or special occasion in the big apple.  Highly recommend    Rooms are luxurious.    Live the spa and the pool at the peninsula is nice.   Love the rooftop bar
bubble_50	Had a long day exploring Manhattan and downtown area, I passed by The Peninsula New York and made a spontaneous SPA arrangement. The therapist was pretty experienced. You truly got relaxed after. I will make a revisit if ever return to NYC :)
bubble_40	I had a great visit at the Peninsula. I was there for work, but was able to find time to use the spa and the fitness center. My room was really large considering it was NY. It was an incredibly quiet hotel, very comfortable bed, free internet and a huge bathroom. The only weird thing- was the shower- the water was so hot it was really difficult to take a long shower. THe water would go from cold to scalding within seconds. I didn't complain because I didn't want to have to switch rooms if they couldn't fix it. The food is also very expensive and just ok.  But again, it was good enough to eat dinner and breakfast but I went out to eat my other meals. The staff was very friendly and offered to help me with anything I needed. I would recommend this hotel to anyone- the fitness
bubble_50	The Peninsula epitomizes exceptional customer service.   We checked in on a Wednesday afternoon, for a one night stay.   The hotel is gorgeous. In fact, it is Absolutely stunning!  The valet staff was amazing.   Check in was a breeze, with wonderfully hospitable service.   We were upgraded to a beautiful parlour.   The rooms were beautiful, spacious and comfortable.   The bathrooms had magnificent fixtures, with a spa tub and separate glass shower.   There were many awesome conveniences, including master switches and service centered phone systems.   We had left a bag in our room that we needed for our afternoon meetings. Upon realizing it, I phoned the hotel for assistance.  One of the bellman was standing in front of the location 30 minutes later with the bag. They literally
bubble_40	Excellent meeting place for drinks before dinner, Very good service but above all breathtaking views from a height. Coctails were fantastic and so were the snacks. Probably onebof the best places to go before dinner in NY .I will definitely return there soon !!!
bubble_50	This is my favourite hotel anywhere. The service is excellent and the rooms are absolutely luxurious. You can't ask for a better location in the heart of New York City! My family has stayed here several times and we often reflect on our stays and the wonderful staff. The hotel has an unparallelled level of understated luxury and the staff are incredibly professional and well-trained. The management of this property has done an excellent job and is to be highly commended!
bubble_40	Very good location off 5th Avenue,  Brilliant location for shopping, Central Park and easy access to other locations  Good service from front desk, breakfast good, concierge not the best as can do more to offer an exceptional service for the hotel brand it is.  They have an Terrace bar, but as resident you cannot book table in advance, strange I thought all residents in hotels have priority so they do not have to leave the hotel.   No letter from the General Manager, nor met the senior management team. Normally all will introduce to guest who stays in suites.  Room service is not best, nor is the house keeping as they do not refill the teas or replace the cups.  I have stayed in various Peninsula hotels but this does not meet the standards for the service it strives for.  Felt
bubble_50	This was my wife's first time to New York and The Peninsula did not disappoint. Upon arrival the service was second to none. Special kudos to Victor the doorman who not only helped us with our bags and taxi needs but was always kind enough to point us in the right direction whenever we decided to venture out into Manhattan. The location is absolutely perfect. Right on 5th ave for shopping, a couple blocks south of Central Park and walking distance to the Theater District and Times Square while being far enough away from the crowds and crazies. Unfortunately I could not remember the gentleman concierge's name who not only helped me pick out the perfect dinner spot but was also kind enough to call ahead and have a complimentary dessert sent to us after dinner. Everything was
bubble_40	Reviewing the main bar upstairs from the lobby. Good drinks but with the corresponding price tag you would expect from an upscale hotel on 5th Avenue. We expected that but wanted to try it out and we weren't disappointed. Service was efficient and professional. Drinks around the $25 mark. $$$$
bubble_50	I booked this hotel for a long weekend with my daughter for her to visit colleges.  I wasn't sure what to expect because we found a great price online.  This was the nicest hotel that I've stayed in NYC, and I've visited several.  We were greeted every day by every worker that we passed.  The doormen were always helpful with any questions we had on getting around.  Check in was quick and we were double upgraded--I didn't ask for that so thank you Min-Jee.  Our room was spacious, extremely clean and very comfortable.  Because we were upgraded, our room overlooked 5th avenue.  They had fresh roses, daily newspapers, and plenty of water bottles.  The bathroom was spotless.  I'm very picky about bathrooms and I was very pleased with it.  The bed was so comfortable I had to find the
bubble_50	My go to hotel in Manhattan - centrally located, quiet and peaceful.  In an area that can be loud and overwhelming for non native manhattan-ties, the Peninsula provides an oasis of calm and zen.  Wonderful service starts at checkin, with staff remembering return guests.  Rooms are sumptuously appointed with crisp linen, large, fluffy towels and most importantly, sound proofed windows.  Will continue to stay here on my trips to NY.
bubble_50	I have stayed at a lot of hotels - but I honestly could not think of a better place to celebrate my 50th birthday!    The first thing you experience is the service.  I had just come from a long day at work and was dragging my suitcase as I arrived at the entrance to the hotel.   Within seconds, someone swooped in to take my suitcase and escorted me to the check in area.  The gentleman at the front desk then went out of his way to make me feel welcome and special and before I knew it, I was in my room.   At that moment, I knew I had made the right choice on where to stay!  That level of service continued over the course of our three night stay.  It is obvious that the hotel provides extensive training to their employees and that they are passionate about providing a superior
bubble_50	I booked this hotel without knowing much about it but couldn't have been more delighted with the experience.  The staff is incredible -- especially the folks working the front door.  I never would have thought that this could be something on which a hotel could differentiate, but these gentlemen made all the difference.  Fast, polite, anticipating of requests...they just took care of us every time we entered or left the hotel.  On my last day, I had some complications with travel and they stepped in and just fixed everything.  Wonderful people.  The hotel itself is lovely -- spotlessly clean, classically beautiful and comfortable.  My son, who was traveling with me, LOVED the top-floor pool with views out onto the skyline as he swam.  It's not a cheap hotel, but whatever you
bubble_50	My husband and I are currently staying here mid week at the end of march for a romantic mini break away from the kids! We are really enjoying this hotel and we are so glad we chose it over the Mandarin Oriental and the Marquis Marriott.  The facilities are amazing - great pool and gym and spa. The location is excellent - we ran around Central Park on our first morning and then walked to Bloomingdales and the MOMA afterwards. The room is a perfect size and clean and fresh despite retaining the New York Art Deco style vibe. The bed is large and comfortable. The bathroom amazing - huge bath, separate shower that has excellent water pressure. We had our room upgraded too which was great.  Needless to say the hotel staff are incredibly friendly and hospitable. Nothing quite like the
bubble_50	Stayed here for 3 nights, in the Grand Luxe Room, 15th floor. Close to Central Park, 5th ave shopping and short walk to Time Square and Broadway Theaters and restaurants.  Pro: 1) Top service, above all. All departments from doorman, receptionist, housekeeping. All at top of their game. 2) Room was a decent size, not large though. 3) Bathroom was great, a good size with large shower with awesome pressure. Tv above tub if you want to watch tv. 4) Very comfortable bed, with master command of all lights no tv without having to get up 5) large in room safe for laptops and items far more valuable. It's a real safe, not some typical hotel safe. 6) wifi was great and room has a printer at desk in case you need to print documents. Plenty of outlets for working, which I did for a day. 7)
bubble_50	Great hotel and Great service worth the money spent. The staff accommodated all our requests. The room was always tidy and clean. I will diffidently stay in the peninsula during our next stay in New York City.
bubble_50	Our family stayed 2 nights and this hotel is worth every dollar. All the amenities and special touches on service is outstanding. Don't consider staying anywhere else, location, rooms, services are all 5-Stars worthy! The restaurants and lounges make you feel welcome and the food is excellent
bubble_50	I stayed there in February and March 2017 and this is truly a 5 star property. The bed is comfortable, room is good size, spotless! The staff is very professional and well trained. What I find a little overpriced is the food in their restaurants. Will definitely come stay again!
bubble_50	I took some colleagues to the top of the Peninsula for drinks. We caught a beautiful winter night where it was just warm enough to sit outside and enough the magnificent views up and down Fifth Avenue and of the Manhattan skyline.   The music was great, the service impeccable and the drinks fabulous. There are few places like this in NYC - or anywhere for that matter. So, if you are in the city, do not miss the opportunity to stop in for a drink...or two...or three....
bubble_20	My family and I stayed here for a night over the summer.  This review is long overdue.  We thought it would be fun to stay a night in midtown NYC - we are native New Yorkers and live about 30 blocks from the hotel.   The hotel is located in a wonderful location.   The check-in process was smooth.  Our room wasn't ready yet so we were invited to go upstairs to enjoy the gym and swimming pool.  My daughter enjoyed the pool a lot.   The sundeck was great as well.  The gym was very nice.        The room itself was a good size and clean.  The issue we had with the room was that it had a very strong chemical/paint odor.   This was due to renovation that was happening on the floor.     At no point during the reservation process was there a notice that stated that the hotel was under
bubble_50	In NYC, it doesn't get better than this.  The rooms are pristine and the prices are extravagant, but well worth it.  The service and the staff is extraordinary and anticipate your every whim and need.  The spa is a sanctuary amidst the frenetic pace of the city and the rooftop bar is fun ( if you're a bit older ).   In the summer, the rooftop is glorious with magnificent views.  Truly amazing!
bubble_20	We decided to g at the rooftop for a drink  because of the view. Indeed the view was very good. But that was all. We ordered three cocktails each one for 25 dollars. Nothing special. The service was at least unsufficient. The man who served us was rude. The drinks were impure. It's a pitty such a place to be so disappointing. For sure I will never visit it again.
bubble_50	What a gem in the middle of NYC.  An amazing rooftop lounge, pool and gym area.    But what makes this hotel magical is the service.  I found a great deal online and did not know what to expect.  The moment we checked in we were given a kind upgrade to a room with a view.  The luggage came up to the room quickly and the people were so friendly all through the weekend.    If you can ever find a way to stay here don't even question in it, just do it.  You won't regret it.
bubble_50	the moment I walked through the door I was swept away.  I was walked up to the front desk where a friendly girl greeted me by name before I could tell her my name and gave my daughter the cutest bear and gave us a tour of the hotel and room.  We were welcomed by lovely treats in the room and lovely flowers on the desk.  The room was always cleaned and the turndown was always so convenient.  We saw our housekeeper a few times and she was always so friendly.  We loved room service in the morning.  The staff was very friendly each morning.  They would set our table up and would not leave until they saw we were comfortable.  After breakfast we would swim and by the time we returned the table was out of the room.  it was tough for us to check out.  all in all an amazing staff and
bubble_50	Thank you Peninsula for a perfect holiday weekend.  The service in the hotel made us all feel special and it really separates this hotel from many others you could select from.  We will definitely be back here and after this experience try the other Peninsula hotels when traveling to Chicago and perhaps Paris.
bubble_40	Our family of four stayed in a junior executive suite quite comfortably.  The service was fantastic,with the staff knowing our names and going out of their way to assist us with every possible need.  The concierge was very helpful with dinner reservations, and communicated with us via text after our in person discussion.   The hotel itself has a very modest entrance and limited common space.  The gym was very nice and afforded interesting views of the city.  The swimming pool was great for kids, but smallish for adults to swim laps in.  There is no hot tub.  The hotel is in a great location.  Overall, the trip was incredibly comfortable and we would be excited to stay there again.  The hotel is not as spectacular as some of the other Peninsula properties, but it's a great option
bubble_40	This hotel doesn't match its contemporaries around Central Park but does the job. Has a great spa which is a plus and the furnishings are modern. Nothing really to complain about but it's not a true 5 star
bubble_40	It's a nice old building right on 5th and near Central Park, so the location is pretty nice.  The architecture of the building is very cool.  Inside things seem old, but not dated.  The staff was helpful and quite nice.
bubble_30	I stayed with a friend at the Peninsula for a long weekend, and the hotel is lovely with great location albeit perhaps a little dated with the decor in rooms and reception areas. The impression did not start off well on arrival late Tuesday 7 Feb as I had some trouble with my card (being from UK my bank had forgotten to make a note of my trip and the fact that some larger amounts would of come out) now the fault was with my bank entirely but the reception I got was less than great. The gentleman on reception basically made me feel totally untrustworthy and I was mortified at my card being declined. I had to call my husband in the UK when it was 3am his time and he had to send an email with his details to the hotel. The whole time nothing was done to make me feel welcome or less
bubble_10	This place is outdated, as many travellers have already noticed. The walls in the rooms are literally paper-thin: you can even hear the cupboard compartments been opened in the next room. The first morning I woke up from the excessive noise of water running through the pipes while neighbours were taking a bath. The noises of heavy tramping and severe wall banging were also part of a "pleasure". I wonder where the US authorities are looking as it is the wildest violation of health and safety.  Food in Clementine restaurant was just terrible: all dishes during dinner were over-salted, and breakfast dishes were an overcooked mess.  To top it off, they have no respect for their guests. They put security stuff in front of the entrance, who are either asking you questions about your
bubble_40	Great hotel. Great service. and an even better location. I'd stay here again next time i'm in the city without blinking an eye. My wife and I will be back here in a few months and I plan on staying at the Peninsula again.
bubble_50	Every time I ever travel to NYC, this is my go to, and for several reasons. First and foremost, it's on 55th street and 5th avenue, the perfect location! Second, the staff is so incredibly polite and sophisticated. They are very accommodating whether it's your first time to the Big Apple, or twenty third, they are always striving to make your stay fantastic. I usually stay in the Deluxe Suite and it's absolutely beautiful. Samir is such a gentleman and a great host. One time we had a negative experience on their rooftop bar with some staff, and not only did he apologize, but he went the extra mile and compensated heavily for it. If you want a great room, location, service and enjoy 5th avenue, then the Peninsula is where you need to be!
bubble_50	I traveled to NYC for work and stayed at the Peninsula Hotel. The hotel is beautiful, and I was absolutely amazed at the service everywhere you go in the hotel. 5 Stars+ all around. I hope to be back!
bubble_50	What a place!!! The phyiscal plant is well maintained and clean.  The pool and fitness areas are inviting and enjoyable. Sadly didn't use the SPA but it looks lovely.  I look forward to revisiting the perfect location again in the future.
bubble_50	So, this was a total surprise booked by my husband for my 40th birthday! From checkin - to Chinese New Year procession, to the very welcome surprise from the hotel for my birthday...I can only say that yes it may be a little more expensive but the service you receive is awesome - thank you for assisting in making my 40th birthday celebration one to remember and I would not hesitate in recommending or returning.   Happy new year from an old Dragon!
bubble_40	I was looking forward to my stay at the Peninsula but was slightly disappointed by the experience. I have stayed at Peninsula properties and the experience there is always flawless. In New York though it seems the overall poor quality of luxury hotels has affected the Peninsula too. It's hard to pinpoint exactly but just the service level as well as somewhat furniture and interior design has something to do with it. So it depends on what rate you get but I wouldn't spend a substantial premium to stay at the Peninsula new York.
bubble_50	We spend the Martin Luther King weekend in New York to celebrate our daughter's birthday. We loved our stay there!!!  The very kind and helpful front desk agent Marian Salwanis was super helpful and and actually upgraded our suite after  finding out that this was a special occasion. We ended up with a large suite  on the 20th floor which was absolutely fantastic in it's decor  and had stunning views!   I have always loved the Peninsula service and it was up to the mark throughout our stay. The building is the usual classic Peninsula that one is used to and the location is convenient. I only wish it had the expansive breakfast area lobby that the Chicago peninsula has but then this is NY which is always short on space. We did use the gym which was perfect and also had great
bubble_50	Stayed here for 3 nights on business. Very centrally located and within walking distance of Times Square.   The staff are as you would expect - courteous, polite and helpful.  I also had breakfast here, it was expensive (~$70) but not extortionate for a 5* manhattan hotel. The restaurant is beautiful.  The room is spacious and so comfy. Only downside is that I got a room quite close to the street (5th or 6th floor) and I could hear the traffic all night. Ask for a higher room as soon as you check in or prepare for a bit of sleeplessness.
bubble_50	Can't say much more other than a top class hotel. Clean rooms, attentive staff and excellent position. Will definitely come back again.  Only negative is probably the price point of the food. Happy to pay top dollar for excellent food, but the portions were small and quality was on par with your average hotels.
bubble_50	Excellent service; nothing too much trouble. The rooms are well furnished and for NYC are not too small. Great bathroom - with bath.  Breakfast is excellent but is very expensive indeed. That aside, perfect.
bubble_30	This lovely property at 55th and 5th is quite beautiful but at this price i wonder if its time for a face lift to the rooms.  We had one of their Grand rooms with a nice 5th avenue view.  One sink, a thermostat that does not allow a temperature setting, no top sheet on the bed and a sitting chair in the middle of the room???    The food is fantastic, the staff extremely attentive and the location (if you want midtown) wonderful but as a rule we want the room to be the ultimate retreat.  Recently stayed at the Park Hyatt which will see us back next time we visit except perhaps on one of the Amex Platinum specials.
bubble_40	We've stayed at the Peninsula in Hong Kong, so that sets the bar extremely high for all other properties.   The Peninsula New York is stunningly beautiful, especially at the holidays. The public areas are lovely. The rooms are bigger than most NYC hotel rooms, with super comfortable beds and impeccable housekeeping. The duvet is like a cloud! Especially nice is the foyer and ambient lighting if needed.   The spa is nice with an extensive menu of very pricey services and a skilled staff. It's not as gorgeous as the one in Hong Kong, but definitely feels like a retreat. The private room doesn't have a view of Kowloon Harbor, but what other spa does?   My one critique of the spa experience is that, during pre-arranged treatments, we were offered "enhancements"--extra treatments at
bubble_50	if you ever want to stay in a wonderful hotel with great customer service stay in this hotel the rooms are great the food out of this world its in the best location  if you like shopping or walking to time square and central park
bubble_40	The Peninsula Hotel is a quiet hotel to stay at with most of the rooms sharing an inside courtyard with no busy city street outside. The rooms are a good size for NYC and you are in the heart of 5th Ave. The hotel is on the higher end side and the staff are friendly and accommodating. The rooftop bar is a great place too view 5th Ave. and has great nightlife energy.
bubble_50	We wanted to stay here for a longer period.  Well placed rooms. Good location.  I was with a family and the children did not want to get out of the hotel.  The staff were excellent.  Always a smiling face.  Ready to do anything.  In the restaurant they  can make a menu for you.  One of the best hotels with the best service.  What more do you want in a hotel!  Spacious rooms.
bubble_50	I was in NYC for a girls trip and on our first night, we stopped for a bottle of champagne after dinner.  Although the evening was quite cool, the electric heaters kept us quite comfortable.  The location is amazing - right in the prime shopping area on 5th Avenue.  You must stop in for a drink on your next trip to the City!
bubble_50	Spent two days at Peninsula for my Birthday celebration and must report that there was nothing to complain about, from the reception to the free transport provided on request. The rooms are excellent and the standard of service is exceptional and I make this comment as one of a couple who travel extensively and are often disappointed by the "so called" excellent service. Don't miss it!!
bubble_50	I had to stay here on business for one night in this beautiful hotel. Yes it is expensive but you get what you pay for and that is 5-star service and beautiful accommodations. I received a text as soon as I stepped into my room letting me know if I need anything at all that I can contact that person. The service was top notch. They upgraded me because I was only there for one night so the suite I got was incredible. Thank you for that. What a great first impression. If you are looking for a Luxury Hotel in NYC this is it!
bubble_50	This hotel is a great discovery,intimate and luxurious but low key on Fifth Avenue two steps from Central Park. Convenient  for business and pleasure. Great spa and the best breakfasts in Manhattan. The rooms are comfortably large and the bar is a focal point. Expensive but worth it.
bubble_50	We were there during Thanksgiving time for our honeymoon and spent the best time ever in a hotel .We were pampered and spoiled since we arrived with a fantastic suite and some amenities in chocolate with our pictures on it! All the staff went above and beyond our expectations and made their utmost best to please us. With this perfect location, this amazing pool and the superb rooms, we would recommend this hotel to anyone!
bubble_40	We stayed at the Peninsula Hotel to celebrate my mother's 80th birthday that fell over Thanksgiving weekend. We had an Executive Suite and a Grande Deluxe Room. There were six of us altogether--2 in the Grande Deluxe Room (my mom and my sister) and 4 in the Executive Suite (my husband and our two sons ages 17 and 15). A few days before our arrival, we asked for two rollaway beds so my boys wouldn't have to share the pullout sofa. The hotel said there would be a $600 charge for the four nights of our stay so we declined the rollaway beds. The hotel website said that those in suites could have a 3-hour tour of New York City in a Mini Cooper with a refrigerator for each day of their stay. When I emailed the hotel to reserve it, the hotel said it was already booked except for the
bubble_50	For my 60th birthday I chose a trip to the Big Apple and decided on The Peninsula.  It offers as one of the few hotels in the city an indoor pool, located on the top floor with fabulous views of 5th Avenue in both directions. Spa treatments are provided by ESPA and bring some welcome relaxations after a hectic day out during this Thanks Giving period. Upon check in, the attentive receptionist Sarah obviously noticed my upcoming birthday and offered a generous upgrade to a suite on the top floor. On my anniversary the hotel offered a very tasty cake together with a bottle of champagne! As with all Peninsulas, staff curtesy and efficiency are always spot on and makes for a smooth stay. The hotel interior was warmly decorated, pumpkins and fresh flowers in autumn colors everywhere,
bubble_50	Still one of our favorite NYC hotels. Service is attentive and their amenities are excellent. Spent 3 nights and only had to pay for 2. Good American Express deal. Their workout facility is very good as is the new restaurant.
bubble_50	This is a fabulous hotel right off 5th Avenue! It is old work with a mixture of modern. The rooms are spacious for New York. The bathrooms feature huge tubs. The room service is beyond excellent. I highly recommend the eggs Benedict. The staff were very efficient and anticipated our every need. This hotel is one of my favorite!
bubble_30	It's an old institution which needs to come back in competition.  I find't feel the Peninsula experience as you can feel in Chicago for example .   We were  so surprised when arriving  that the desk  gave the keys of the room and just explained where  you can find the lifts. First time in an hotel nobody came with us to show the room .   Also It sounds the doorman was not here for opening doors . So surprising .  The  grand luxe room was correct no more .  When I discovered the room I felt like being in a Hilton .  Of course the breakfast team or the team of the spa were very nice . The food was good . However it is not enough .   You expect so much more from a Peninsula that  a Hilton experience .
bubble_50	I had a lovely stay here. Great vibe in the hotel's neighborhood, makes you really feel you're in NYC. The rooms in general are spacious; though they have some time on them they are well maintained. The bed linens were first class, so are the towels. The room service was a delight to call on; always prompt, attentive with a smile and nicely presented. They even placed a coffee machine in my room upon my request and supplied ground coffee and paper filters- very thoughtful. Gotham Lounge is pleasant. Nice gym. Overall everything was excellent. However, the carpeting at the hotel entrance is not becoming; they need to renew it.
bubble_50	Very comfortable but expensive. Only one restaurant and one cafe for food (many places around). In the heart of 5 Av close to everything.  Definitely for the more expensive traveler who wants confort and good service.
bubble_50	The peninsula exceeded our expectations! The entire staff from the front desk to the pool manager were extremely pleasant and helpful! They even had a special surprise waiting for our children when we got there.
bubble_50	Good staff , fantastic location for shopping and exploring  Personal touch IE email from manager when we left & some chocolates for my daughter in the room  Swimming pool opens early which is ideal for U.K travellers  Good hotel & would return
bubble_50	The Peninsula, like all hotels in the chain, is the epitome of excellence. The rooms are quite large and well laid out. The service is outstanding, including quick maid service in the morning and turndown in the evening. Check-in and check-out are a breeze and the staff is very helpful.  My only criticism is the very high cost of the breakfast at the Clement Restaurant. When one is paying close to $1,000 dollars a night for a superior room (not a suite) a continental breakfast should be included. Cost of the cheapest continental for 2, with service and taxes, comes to close to $100 dollars.
bubble_50	My daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights as an end of uni celebratory trip and we were not disappointed...it was lush! Fantastic location on 5th Avenue and close to lots of NY attractions...we were able to walk to lots of amazing places.  The room was huge and looked directly over 5th avenue  but was quiet as very good double glazing. Lovely big bathroom.  Friendly staff and a lovely room for breakfast which my daughter and I decided was the very best breakfast that we had ever eaten anywhere (yes I know it should have been given the cost but it really was!!) The view from the pool deck is just fantastic....amazing to be able to look both ways on 5th avenue....lots of nice touches e.g. Sun cream available, lots of water, tea etc lovely manager who was concerned that my very
bubble_50	Wonderfully located in the heart of Manhattan, the Peninsula is my new favourite. I loved the courteous service, the feeling of safety, a quiet room, a sense that it is a boutique hotel. The room was quiet and comfortable with a large bathroom. Great restaurant and public areas. A delightful hotel.
bubble_50	Stayed at the Peninsula for just one night for our 25th Anniversary. The hotel is great, located on the 5th Ave, perfect location. Everything was luxury. We enjoyed the really nice swimming pool on the high floor.
bubble_50	I don't know what it is about the Peninsula but when I walk in it feels like coming home - even when, as with this trip, I hadn't been back for several years because business has taken me elsewhere in the world. The surroundings, the decor, the superb staff (from the doormen thru to management) all add up to a wonderful experience. It's in such an outstanding location, offers great accommodation that is well thought through and appointed and has super staff who are responsive and knowledgeable. I really do wish more hotels were like this one.
bubble_50	Having lived in New York many years ago and having stayed at top hotels uptown and downtown, I opted for a luxury midtown option this time around and had no regrets.  The location is the best imaginable if you're in town for business or indeed pleasure.   We used the proximity to Central Park to take our kids there, go running and take in the beautiful fall colours. So many great restaurants were within walking distance (Avra Madison, Milos, Polo Bar, Sarabeth's, etc.) and the shopping is amazing.   We also hosted a cocktail reception at Gotham Lounge which was amazing - the setting, the service and the selection of food and drink were generous and tasty. My only complaint relates to the beds - the mattresses were somewhat too soft and wobbly, making it uncomfortable to sleep if
bubble_50	Last October 14 , I had a business lunch meeting @ Gotham Lounge inside the Peninsula New York . As usual , the valet parking was a breeze .Received  best greetings as you entered the hotel & the lounge . Mr Chin ( bartender )  was so nice to helped us seated . Great service as always , especially the waiter named Ahmed , who happened to serve us all the time when having a meeting there . I would also recommend to experience their afternoon tea !!! Thank you Peninsula !!!I'm honored to be a member  :)))
bubble_30	My wife and I were looking forward to a stress-free weekend at the NYC Peninsula with our baby daughter and Nanny.  Unfortunately, we started our visit with significant angst because we did not obtain our adjoining room until 630 pm!  Check in time is guaranteed by 3 pm.  While quite inconvenient given that we had to prepare for a black tie gala that started at 7pm and that we needed to get our 3 month old daughter ready for bed before leaving, what primarily prompted this review was how the matter was handled.  At noon, we were told that we would receive text messages with updates on the room's availability.  We didn't receive a single text message.  When I first called the front desk, I was told that I would receive a call back within a few minutes.  I waited 15 minutes
bubble_50	There are many good hotels in new York City and over the years I have stayed in a few.  But int he end I come back to the Peninsula over and over again because it is the best run establishment in my opinion.  Rooms while pricey, are clean, well thought out, the right amenities, and everything works.  Staff is kind and engaging, always welcoming and helpful.  Home away from home.
bubble_40	Stayed here for three days, the service was absolutely exquisite.  However, my room was tiny, I suggest that when you check in you ask for a larger room or an upgrade.  That said, the hotel was wonderful and I very much enjoyed my stay.  I had a very pricey room service dinner -- steak, baked potato and a glass of wine -- for $120, but it was excellent.  I will stay here again, and look forward to it.
bubble_50	Central location to everything you need in New York. My second stay in a Peninsula hotel this year and I still have yet to be disappointed in any aspect.  Made an short weekend in New York very memorable for myself and my lovely bride.
bubble_50	When you hear the words 'Peninsula Hotel' you assume you're going to experience exceptional service in a beautiful hotel and that's exactly what you get with the Peninsular New York.   The hotel was perfectly located for our stay and was a gorgeous, and well air-conditioned, retreat after long days of exploring in the rather oppressive August heat and humidity.   Service from check in to departure and in all areas of the hotel, from housekeeping to bar staff, was flawless.   The room suited our needs and was well appointed and spacious for the amount of time we spent in it. We didn't opt for breakfast but did eat in the restaurant and the food was absolutely delicious and beautifully presented.   Not cheap, but then again you get what you pay for and unlike some NY hotels the
bubble_50	stayed at the peninsula for 5 days.  staff was more than courteous, food was delicious, especially the clement and a must see is the 23rd floor...the roof top bar.  unbelievable, you can see forever, an oasis in the sky
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York, 55th and Fifth Avenue in Midtown, is a luxurious location for shopping, restaurants, Broadway and museums -  all the elements that make a stay in New York City unique and exciting.    The well-trained staff at the Peninsula are professional, personable and attentive.  Every encounter with Peninsula personnel was helpful and courteous beginning with valet parking and extending through to the front desk, housekeeping, Gotham Lounge servers and ending with the bellmen loading the car to complete our visit.  The weekend stay centered around a birthday celebration and was anchored by a day of pampering and exceptional treatment at the Peninsula Spa.  The Spa staff exhibited great patience and follow-up in the extensive planning of the VSO's (Very Significant
bubble_50	Great location, friendly staff and modern rooms. For business in midtown and pleasure cannot beat the Hong Kong training in a great New York location. Would recommend the rooftop bar and the waffles at breakfast which are the same recipe as the grand old Pen in Hong Kong
bubble_50	Love this hotel,  it has it all,  location,  service, well appointed rooms,  spa, fabulous Clement,  Salon-Ning roof top bar over looking 5th avenue and Vu salon. I love it!  We were celebrating with family and had a lovely junior suite facing 5th avenue and it is just the best!  Service is amazing,  they helped pick my daughter up from JFK who was coming in from London and took all our worries away so we could celebrate with the rest of our family. Always an awesome experience!
bubble_50	Beautiful flowers in the lobby. Very classic  room in very good taste. I had forgotten my toohbrush and late at night, they brought me one ( no charge). I was in NY in August for a wedding, and the hotel was so nice that I preferred to stay indors most of the time instead of going around in the hot  muggy  weather. Breathtaking view in the rooftop bar, but to crowded to be really nice.
bubble_50	Was there just prior to the UN General Council meeting. Though there were a lot of dignitaries we were given a wonderful room again and the service was impeccable. Use the concierge for whatever you need. Ask for Taz if he is there.   Location is great. Close to everything - highly recommend it.
bubble_30	We stayed here three days in July. Having reserved two rooms months ahead I expected that we would get the rooms we had reserved (one king room, and one room with two beds). We were told ahead that the room with two beds would cost more and include breakfast. We agreed. We were excited to stay at this hotel as we have stayed at other Peninsula hotels, and other luxury hotels in New York. Upon arrival we were told there were no double rooms available. No apologies were extended, and the check-in felt rushed and rude. When we were given the substituted king room, no mention was made of reducing the rate quoted for the double room. I mentioned it to the clerk and he adjusted the rate. He did give us a room with a cot but it took up most of the room so we sent it away. What was
bubble_50	Stayed here for a brief getaway.  The hotel is has a very old money (in a good way) vibe.  Definitely check out the rooftop bar. Rooms are very nicely appointed.  Well worth the price to stay here. Felt like a movie star!
bubble_50	The original in Kowloon is fantabulous but so is the one on 55th and 5th, conveniently located and with that superb Hong Kong service, the personalization that lacks in so many other luxury hotels in America.  Great hotel, great roof bar, great rooms, great everything.
bubble_50	A classy secure hotel with excellent service level especially the concierge, they can get you anything you want nothing is impossible to them.   I visited them in March, june, july and sep sometimes business sometimes leisure, solo or with the family.  Service heroes !
bubble_40	The rooms are comfortable and well-appointed. Bathroom is clean and spacious. The location is great. Roof top bar and gym have great views along 5th Avenue to Central Park. Staff was courteous, from bellmen, doormen, reception to housekeeping! Room service is little pricey.
bubble_50	We changed our hotel 24 hours before arriving in New York from the Hamptons because we found out our original hotel had closed their pool and not bothered to let us know! In August in New York with 3 children this was important...  We are so pleased we opted for the Peninsula. The location was perfect; a stone's throw from Central Park and the 5th Avenue shops. Our room, an executive suite with the sitting rooms made up into a room for our three children nightly had fantastic views over the surrounding city. On arriving in our room we found champagne, treats for the children and fruit  The rooms was very comfortable and was impeccably cleaned whilst we were there. All compliments to the excellent housekeeping team.  The staff were all absolutely lovely. The waiting staff at
bubble_50	We felt great about choosing the Peninsula. NYC isn't short on hotels and given this was a family vacation and we were travelling a long way we were hoping to cover as many bases as we could ie great location and a good nights sleep, quality food, facilities like gym and pool and staff that could both add to our NYC experience as well as be a part of it. We have three boys between 7 and 13 so we had interconnecting (fabulous) rooms. With a reasonable dose of jet lag we were all sleeping odd hours - which was really easy because the beds were super and the rooms were quiet. Lots of room for our bags and for kids to stretch out with ipads, laptops etc. Nothing seemed to be an issue for the staff at the Peninsula (servicing the rooms at odd hours and staying away when needed). Our
bubble_50	We stayed here after my husband ran the NY marathon last year and we will definitely go back!  They had an amenities tray waiting for him in the room and epsom salts by the bath.  The kids loved having lunch in the lounge and the gummy bears in the room for them were a nice touch.
bubble_40	The location was great.  The hotel is a beautiful old building which has all the latest bells and whistles (remote control lights from every corner of the room etc.)  The bed was very comfortable.  Rooms for the most part are small...some face inwards and you see a wall 15 feet from your window, (made me claustrophobic.)  Try to get a room with an outside view and slightly larger (if the upholstered chair has a leg rest you are in!) On our return we got room 804 which was better. The bathroom is spacious and updated (slightly old fashioned).  WiFi was free and worked well.  Breakfast was not included and very pricey so we passed.  There is a very cool roof bar.  Overall I found the place too expensive and a bit stuffy.
bubble_50	From the moment we walked in everything was 5 stars.  Check in was easy, and our room was beautiful with beautiful city views.  The hotel is near many city attractions but has a quiet feel to it upon entering and staying inside.  We were provided complimentary car service to the restaurant we ate in about 10 blocks away.    After dinner and a show we visited the rooftop bar with family, and we were advised there was an hour wait for a table (it was a Saturday night) but as a hotel guest we were able to get a table within 10 minutes.  The rooftop bar was a perfect way to end our evening...so we thought.  Upon returning to our room we found a bottle of champagne and a cake for my husband that the hotel management left for his birthday!  What a treat for him.  I highly recommend
bubble_40	This hotel is fabulous. Great location. It doesn't get a 5 star from me for 3 reasons. (1) Upon arrival no one offered to carry out bags up the 2 flights of stairs to check in. I found that annoying after a staff member directed us to the reception desk. (2)The bed was not that comfortable. (3)Turn down service did not leave a little chocolate. Yes the 3rd reason is weak, but it's the little things that make the difference for this price point. I wasn't really surprised at some of the prices for things because it's NYC, however, be aware that an Arnold Palmer will set you back $14. Water, Soda and most snacks in the mini bar area are $9 and up. . Of course we had the gummy bears and M & M's.  We did have a great time. The staff in the restaurants and the reception area were
bubble_40	Overall, this is a wonderful hotel in a great location which we would recommend. However, it didn't match up to others in NYC we have stayed in over the last few years.   The pros first  - incredible location, beautiful lobby, spacious rooms, overall great staff and in summer the sun deck is especially amazing. Great afternoon tea too. I'd be happy to stay here again if the price was competitive but if I wanted all out luxury, others in NYC would come first.   None of these issues significant but all small things that are better elsewhere.  1. Being promised a welcome amenity on arrival which we then never received. Not sure why a member of staff offered it to us in the first place if it was not going to happen.   2. Rooms quite outdated. TV in our bathroom must have been a few
bubble_30	My wife and I recently visited NYC with another couple to celebrate my 50th birthday.  We chose one of our favorite hotel brands from our travels to mark the occasion.  The Peninsula New York is a stunningly beautiful building in the most prime location possible for a New York visit.  The service is impeccable as would be expected from this stalwart institution.  The common areas are luxurious and updated.  Our only problem was with the room.  The couple with us as well as ourselves noted the lack of updated technology in the room, the musty smell (not dirty, but old smelling), the absence of a luxurious bed and other features and amenities that have become synonymous with the most exclusive luxury hotel brands.  Had we known, we probably would have stayed at the Ritz Carlton,
bubble_50	From our arrival to our departure, everything at the Peninsula was exquisite! Heat wave during our stay and always a few cold bottles of water waiting for us!  Warm, inviting room, extremely comfortable beds...didn't want to leave!  Close to all fantastic shops on fifth avenue, and lots of eateries close by! ***do not fly Porter Airlines***
bubble_50	We just spent a wonderful anniversary weekend at The Peninsula.  Our room was gorgeous, an upgraded room overlooking 5th Avenue.  The food at the hotel was fantastic, whether it was room service breakfast, lunch at The Gotham Lounge or dinner at Clement.  The Service was very worthy of a 5 star rating.  We particularly enjoyed the  heart shape flowers on our bed and welcome chocolate covered strawberries.  The roof top lounge was a great way to cap an evening.
bubble_50	We had a deluxe room on the 18th floor. Recently modernised. Reasonable size, full bath and separate shower (bath perhaps a bit small and shallow). But really Everything you could want from a hotel. Breakfast was really excellent (but expensive if eating alc and not included). Lovely sun terrace on 21/22 floor with comfortable sun loungers! Adequate, bright pool on 22nd floor with good views, and complementary tea and espresso coffee. Quiet. Good central location. Will return on next trip to NYC.
bubble_50	The location, the service and the hotel ambience was very nice.  We were there to see Hamilton (yay!) and do other NY stuff and this hotel was the cherry on top.  The only minor "complain" is the courtesy shuttle service to the plays. They should REALLY consider leaving the hotel earlier than 6:15 due to the traffic in the area.  Our shuttle to the Wicked was no problem b/c we were the only drop but had we stayed on the shuttle for Hamilton, we would have been late by at least 20 minutes.  Can you imagine?  We ended up bolting from the shuttle and walked the rest of way to Richard Rodgers Theater b/c we knew it was not going to get us there on time.  Try the Gotham Bar on the first floor and ask for and say hello to "Conrad".  He was so nice and attentive.  It was our must stop
bubble_50	I really love  The Peninsula Spa what makes it so special is the staffs 5 star service and well trained masseuses.  The steamroom is fab! Sundeck Terrace, in-door pool over looking the city, abundance of coconut water, and luxe teas, homemade fresh granola treats (I miss the macaroons they use to give) and the Relaxation Room!!!!!!! This is why I keep coming back taking an hour nap after your treatment is everything!  I like the uniforms the doorman wears and the roof bar is cool too.  I give this 5 hearts I love it so much and can't wait to return.
bubble_40	Stayed in a suite and enjoyed a relaxing weekend.  The rooms were really clean and comfortable.  Would have liked to have an iron and board in the room as it took 24 hours to get one!  A coffee maker would have been nice as well. The tasting menu with wine pairing was fabulous in the restaurant The spa relaxation rooms, roof top deck, steam room, and warm pool made for an indulgent day.  It was wonderful!  Great location for shopping.  Great restaurant recommendation made by concierge.
bubble_50	If you want to be Uptown and shopping is a priority, you're within 2 blocks of 5th Avenue, Madison Avenue and Bergdorf's. Central Park is a short jaunt and you're close to 2 subway stops for easy commuting downtown. This is a gorgeous property and the front of house staff are excellent. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant is suberb. The rooms are clean, luxurious and spacious. A definite treat while in NYC.
bubble_50	My mother and I booked here for a 4 day trip to NYC. Soo glad we did. Before the trip, I emailed back and forth with the concierge about bday flowers for my mom, airport car service and restaurants. They were so helpful. They also have a deal where you get your third night free!  Once we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by a staff member (Caroline) who brought us to check in, tour of hotel and took us to our room. The entrance of the hotel had fresh, huge flower arrangements and doormen to help out.  We had the jr suite and a joined deluxe room. We wanted our own rooms and bathrooms so this worked perfectly.   The beds were so comfortable, bathrooms huge, with beautiful soaker tubs, and the tvs were large. There was a lot of storage for clothes etc and I loved that you
bubble_40	Very kind staff, they were helpful and gave excellent suggestions for food and transportation around NYC. On the day it rained, they were quick to offer an umbrella and assistance however the could. Room was nice but the bed was slept very hot. They have not, however, replied to any follow up emails I have sent.
bubble_20	We were very excited about our stay in the peninsula because we love the peninsula in Paris and Hong Kong so we expected something similar.  Rooms are small and outdated. AC doesn't work properly. The hotel smells like curry. Service: Non existent. Rude staff at the Gotham lounge. Not once somebody asked us if we were doing ok or enjoying our stay. The don't care about their guests. People don't do any effort to make you feel welcome or accommodate your needs.  The good : Roof top bar Nice doormans Location Breakfast at clement restaurant  Gym  Do not stay here! Go to the st Regis that's just in front of this hotel
bubble_50	When we stayed at the Peninsula New York 10-17 July, 2016, my family was impressed by their fantastic hospitality. Friendly and thoughtful staff who go the extra mile, knowledgeable concierge, luxurious rooms with bluetooth B&O speaker, superb breakfasts, verandah pool with complimentary refreshments and exercise classes overlooking Central Park. We appreciated Manager Samir Ibrahim, who attended to us personally to rectify a room light on the blink. Our kids (aged 16, 18) enjoyed a memorable  first visit to NYC, and we shall definitely be returning to the legendary Peninsula NYC.
bubble_40	We stayed in The Peninsula Hotel on 5th Avenue for 10 night's. The superior room was very comfortable and spacious. No views from our room to speak of. The mini bar was well stocked, but sky high prices, as we're the restaurant and bar, but loads of places to grab a bit with in walking distance, The Bar Room on E 60th street, Draught 55 on E 55th street and Carnegie deli 7 Avenue plus many more. The pool was small, but adequate to ease those sore feet after all the walking. The staff were friendly and very helpful, couldn't fault the service. The hotels perfectly situated midtown Manhattan for Central Park, the museum's, Times Square and Broadway. Central Park and Bronx Zoo's are worth a visit and there are several subway stations or bus stops in walking distance of the hotel to
bubble_50	I enjoyed this hotel.  Convenient location.  Great service.  Big bathroom.  But what really separated this hotel from the rest is the cold room.  I like sleeping in cold rooms.  Most hotels just don't get the job done.  The moment i walked into the room, it was, frankly, freezing.  I had to turn up the heat a bit.  Slept like a baby.  Restaurant was good.  Would def stay again.
bubble_50	Perfect in all ways! My kids swam in the pool on the 21st floor. Both lobby bar and rooftop terrace bar have experienced bar servers who can really make a martini! Towels are so soft. You'll not want to leave this place! Location is perfect as well...
bubble_50	My husband had never been to NYC and hadn't had any previous experience with the Peninsula Hotel Properties.  Our anniversary trip to New York was the perfect time to remedy both of those aspects.  The Hotel is so marvelous!  The staff is expertly trained, discreet, and knowledgeable.  The pool is wonderful with an amazing view of the city. Try a Manhattan at the Roof Top Bar.  Best in town.  We loved the extra service we received from everyone.  We will always be a guest at this hotel--and other Peninsula Hotels, whenever we get the opportunity. A wonderful experience!
bubble_40	We stayed here for a wedding and were very pleased. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The Clement restaurant was delicious for brunch and lunch. The room was a good size (especially for NYC), large bathroom and clean; however, a bit disappointed with a room that faced a wall. Of course, this is an excellent location- near central park and all other midtown jewels! We also enjoyed drinks at the Salon de Ning which has a wonderful view. A bit thrown off that the bartender was not sure how to make a French 75, but what was made was delicious. Has an indoor pool, sun terrace and spa which we unfortunately did not have time to take advantage of.
bubble_50	Expensive but a classy international old school charming hotel.  Stayed 3 nights and just had a great time.  Nice spa and hair Salon too.  Roof deck has nice views.  Doorman very friendly and keeps the riffraff out.  Great location for midtown action and across from one if the best bars The King Cole Bar as well.
bubble_40	I spent two nights at The Peninsula, in New York City. The service at the hotel was the best I've experienced. The doorman almost ran to me when he saw me with my bag headed toward the door both when I arrived and departed. The room is very clean with nice marble floors in the bathroom. The hotel is conveniently located in NYC. The sun terrace is awesome as well. It has really nice views and is very relaxing. A great place for a couple.
bubble_50	At check in we had a few issues with our booking where they tried to put us in a lesser room, we did book through a 3rd party but for some strange reason they put us in a room without the views of 5th Ave we had paid for. After my complaints to the manger they put us in the right room higher up with a window looking down 5th ave with sensational views. The check in was not great nor should have we been put in the lesser grade room but, I will admit after this everything was great.   The rooms were fairly good size for a NY hotel, desk, bath and very comfy bed, one of the better ones we have slept it.   We did eat in the hotel bar area later in evening, even though the bar was closing the staff still made us a nice spaghetti dish, and it was not too bad.   The Roof Top Bar, this
bubble_50	I did not stay here myself, but friends from out of town visited and they stayed here. They were more than pleased with the service and the rooms. Although I experienced the service only when picking up my friends, I have to say that the hotel staff was exceptionally friendly and courteous. I also took the opportunity to take a peek at the rooms and I was positively impressed by their size and elegance. They look as if they had been refurbished only recently and they are absolutely up to par in terms of style and equipment.   As a result and ever since, I recommend this hotel to anybody who comes to town. It is extremely well located (unless, of course, you prefer the hustle and bustle downtown), the service is great and I really, really liked the rooms.
bubble_40	The service in the hotel has been excellent and the room is nice. The hotel feels a little dated. I would have been impressed to stay in our room ten years ago. The bed was awfully uncomfortable. How can you not get a King Size bed for a $1000 a night, I don't know!? In truth the place seems to be trading off a reputation that it earned a while back and it falls a little short of the mark. The hotel industry has caught up Peninsula NYC and you are not on your A game.....
bubble_50	My wife and I just came from a weekend stay at the Peninsula NYC.  We were upgraded upon checking in and the room was perfect.  Very spacious with and quiet and well appointed.  Service was consistent with Peninsula standards and having stayed at the Peninsula in Tokyo it is excellent all around.  It's a bit on the pricey side but well worth every penny.  You don't need to look around for your stay.  This is the one of the best NYC has to offer.
bubble_20	Not worth the $$ Ridiculously priced for accomodation and amenities  Rich or not rich, usd9.80 for a glass of club soda full of ice??     And 3 staff members re-setting a table for 2 people   Felt like we were getting forced to get up and leave despite breakfast area being empty, to many questions of "are you finished yet" - hadn't even finished my coffee or eggs Benedict
bubble_50	The Peninsula is unique in NYC because of its amazing staff who are so professional, welcoming and committed across the board.  Nothing is too much trouble for them and they make you feel immediately at home and welcome.  They remember every detail of your preferences and make you feel special.  My experiences staying here over the years have been consistently wonderful and my expectations always surpassed.  Samir always takes care of my reservations so promptly and perfectly, and Faisal and the concierge team are wonderful in taking care of any request and making fabulous suggestions.  All of the staff work together brilliantly like a well oiled Formula 1 team.  It is always an absolute pleasure to stay here and my next stay can never come soon enough.  Congratulations,
bubble_50	We have stayed at this Peninsula many times as the service and location can't be beat. This was the first time we were not offered a room upgrade and we found our room to be on the small side..That said, the amenities were fine and it was very comfortable.  I can't say enough about Frederick, the concierge who assisted us with dinner suggestions and reservations.  He also saved us from heading to the wrong Met Museum to see  the exhibit, Unfinished.  It's at the old Whitney, not the main Met. I mention this because it is worth seeing and should be there until September.  The service at the Peninsula is exceptional.  It is friendly, professional and every staff person we encountered, made us feel extremely welcomed.  The Gotham Lounge is a lovely respite from the crowds on the
bubble_50	I arrived in NY on the QM2. My friend had booked the Peninsula hotel. When we arrived we were greeted like Kings. We were upgraded to the top two bedroom suite as it was a quiet weekend and they knew my friend from the past. It was magnificent. It was a 'can do' hotel. Nothing was too much trouble. It is vey elegant and the roof top bar is very buzzy late at night with amazing views over Manhattan. Spoil yourself and stay here.
bubble_50	The peninsula was so amazing since the moment we walked in. Staff was so helpful in accommodating our children. My son had his own little bed, slippers, and robe. The property is beautiful and we had personalized amenities when we got to the room, which we didn't want to eat because it was just too cute, but we ended up eating anyway!! My family cannot wait till we visit again! Did I mention they had balloons in the room for my kids. Peninsula won my sons heart, he goes crazy for balloons.
bubble_50	This is the best hotel in NYC! The staff is amazing and really go above and beyond. I was here to celebrate my graduation and we received a lovely upgrade and the room amenities were very personalized. I enjoyed the pool very much. The staff was very attentive and always available to assist. If you travel to NYC you MUST stay in this hotel!
bubble_40	Pluses - great mid town location, our junior suite on the 9th very quiet overlooking internal courtyard Minuses - in a hotel like this a personal introduction to the facilities would be expected, horrendous breakfasts. Check your bill - unexplained additions.  Overall - staff very corporate and programmed
bubble_50	Great location. Walking distance to all department  stores in nyc Fabulous pool and sun deck area  Terrific restaurants nearby  Attentive staff and concierge service  Hotel delivers newspapers and turndown service
bubble_50	From the minute I walked in I was made to feel special. I spent 2 nights on my first stay, and when I walked past the concierge on my 2nd stay on check-in, he greeted me by my name. Now that's what I call service.  The rooms are large, classic and stylish. A control panel next to the bed controls everything.  It will definitely be my NYC hotel when I no longer live in the city.  Thank you Peninsula!
bubble_50	As a family of 4, we love to visit NYC!  I have 2 young sons, ages 6 & 8.  We were thrilled upon arrival at the welcome amenities (cupcakes, chocolate covered apples, chocolate teddy bear) and a sofa bed, fully made up after our flight from Alabama.  They even provided kid-sized bath robes for my boys:  that was huge to them!  We really enjoyed our junior suite:  very spacious, lots of storage.    The staff was amazing and attentive.  We stayed on the 6th floor and found it to be quiet and the room darkened nicely for great sleep.  We took the boys to the spa level one day to swim in the indoor pool, and the staff made them feel welcome to have fun:  it was not a stuffy "spa" atmosphere where they had to keep super quiet.    So, this was an excellent stay for us: it is a
bubble_50	Amazing hotel.  You'll feel like a celebrity here.  Staff seems genuinely concerned for the care of their customers.  We had an extremely minor blip, and next thing we knew, we received a handwritten note of apology.  The fresh flowers, room layout, decor, and extremely comfortable bed cannot be beat.  There is so much to do in NYC, especially within walking distance of the hotel, but make sure to head to the rooftop bar for a drink.  Great views.  Also, I could not get over the size of the fitness room for a downtown hotel.  Spacious, clean, and has just about every type of fitness equipment piece you could imagine.  Make sure to get an espresso post workout over in the indoor pool room after. Yum.  Cannot wait to go back here again.
bubble_50	This was my third stay at the Peninsula.  I love the location at the corner of Fifth Avenue and 55th and it's always so wonderful to return to your luxurious room at the Peninsula after a day amidst the hustle and bustle of the city.  The bathrooms are very large and beautifully appointed. The staff is wonderful and everything is what you would expect of a five star hotel. Yes, it is pricey, but if you can afford it, it's worth it!
bubble_50	Like in any other Peninsula the staff here is very nice and efficient. It's New York so do not expect bows and long smiles like in Asia but that's perfectly fine. Check-in was quick and my room was quite large and airy. The gym, SPA and pool area very nice and clean. Had to wait a bit too long for a seat on the roof terrace even if hotel guests have a priority waiting list and it was a weekday. Overall a very nice experience.
bubble_40	Had a great stay but I am one that enjoys a quick cup or two of coffee in the morning.  Not here. There are no coffee makers in the room.  They have coffee set up in the bar but it is taken away promptly at 7:00 am.  We were there for a holiday weekend and did not wake up until after that.  Would have been nice to have it available until later in the morning like 10am.  I was told I could go the the restaurant or have room service.  After complaining they did send up a free pot of coffee (not fast or convenient)  which would have been $28 if I paid for it.  I ended up going down the street to Dunkin donuts the next morning.
bubble_50	Exactly what you expect from Peninsula hotels, exceptional service and outstanding room, always greeted warmly, attentive staff, but not intrusive.  Rooms are smallish, but very comfortable, great spa experience with exceptional treatments
bubble_50	This is one of the best hotels we have stayed in NYC.  The service was impeccable and classic as always.    When we checked in, we were updated to a hotel room facing the Fifth Avenue.  While we can enjoy the view of the bustling street down under, we could hardly hear any noise from the Fifth Ave.  The blackout curtain was truly blackout, allowing guests to have a good night sleep, especially those traveling from the west coast.  The safe was especially roomy - I can put both my purse and jewelry box in it.  The bathroom is great as usual, except that the shower is a bit smaller than its usual standard.  However, it's quite understandable considering the hotel is at the heart of New York City.  Needless to say, the location was wonderful.  Central Park was just a few blocks
bubble_50	We returned to the Peninsula New York this spring after our first visit in February. Were very glad we did: we had a wonderful stay. The Peninsula is a beautiful property and a great choice in New York City.   Our deluxe suite was stunning and so well appointed and comfortable that we didnt want to leave: we could imagine spending a weekend in the city just hanging out, ordering room service and looking out the windows. The suite included a living room, with a fireplace and comfortable seating area along with a desk and dining table. Down the hall the other direction there was a small guest bathroom, a beautiful large bathroom and dressing area and a quiet, large and very comfortable bedroom. We slept very well in the king bed. Our overall impression of the suite was one of
bubble_50	I spent the first weekend of December in NYC for a wedding and The Peninsula was sheer perfection. From the time I arrived the Christmas decor of their merry snowman just put you in a happy festive mood.  The service was friendly and helpful. I think this is the best location in New York.  I had a junior suite which looked out at 5th avenue and all it's Christmas splendour, the room had been newly redone and it was elegant with a surprising large bathroom.  The rooftop bar is a fabulous place to have a drink and take in the sights of the city. It is pricey be well worth a weekend of indulgence. Will return again soon!
bubble_50	Excellent hotel !! Stayed in a corner suite .High standard of service .Best location in NY!! Staff are extremely friendly and helpful. A nice heated indoor pool with a great spa next to it. Will recommend this hotel for any one traveling on business or with their family.
bubble_50	Chose this hotel because of the location for business. It was perfect. The rooms are well appointed, the staff is friendly and helpful. The bed was great (I usually have a hard time sleeping when I travel....I slept like a baby) It worked out great and I will definitely use this hotel again.
bubble_50	went for lunch by myself. had the avacado chicken club. amazing. staff very nice. expensive. good location. did not stay here. just went for lunch. but will definitely stay there next time. walking distance to great shopping.
bubble_50	Well located in mid-town, I've stayed at hotel 1/2 a dozen times.  I generally think of it as a second choice based on cost and age of hotel.  Cost was very high (>$1K per room) though inline with alternatives like four seasons, ritz central park and my current favorite Park Hyatt 57th St)  The rooms are good though the bones of the hotel are older.  My reason for a positive review is the service. Have found the hotel staff to be exceptional and friendly.  Two instances come to mind and while neither would be by themselves be distinguishing, they were handled with aplomb.  In one case, I left a set of Bose headphones in my room and the hotel overnighted at their cost.  The second occurred when I had already checked out of the hotel  and it was raining.  I had to go to an
bubble_50	The Peninsula makes the stress of NYC melt away.  Right in the heart of midtown, once you step inside its doors a special experience begins.  If you are seeking privacy, excellent service, freshly prepared cuisine, and an individualized experience, this is the best spot in NYC.  Yes, the rooms are pricey, but the Peninsula provides the best value dollar for dollar for similar hotels.  With a spa and pool onsite, gym, personal trainers, a salon, and even local car service if you need it, this is a rare experience in New York City.  The Peninsula provides a small hotel feel with all the extras of the largest luxury hotels - no request is too small.  You will not find better service in NYC and the Gotham Lounge is a great place for a comfortable, lunch, dinner, or high tea.  The
bubble_50	Really surprised by the other reviews on this property. My stay was flawless. The staff was very on the ball. What makes this grand older hotel for me was the service. Anything I wanted, boom, it was there. I got in at 1am, needed some lozenges, they ran to the drug store as their little boutique was closed. I needed a humidifier, it was there so fast. When I forgot to turn off the "privacy" light all day and came in late, I asked for service and two housekeepers were there like they were paramedics. It was impressive to watch - one threw the pillow to the other, who would load it with a new pillowcase. They really raise the bar on housekeeping. Also, it is a very thoughtful staff. Unlike most other hotels, the bath soaps, hair products are by the tub, not only in the shower.
bubble_40	We stayed here for 6 nights, first impression was the building word going on at the corner of 5th Avenue. Reception not very friendly when we arrived, the gentleman in was not in the least bit friendly and did not make us feel welcome, we checked in with another couple, the lady checking them in was really nice and explained to them about the restaurant and breakfast.  We didn't have any information given to us, just the keys then a pint to the lift !   The concierge were very helpful and recommend some good restaurants.   The hotel restaurant for breakfast was lovely, waiters very friendly.  Hotel room was nice and a decent size, the bathroom was massive. No view to mention.   Rooftop bar, very dark and expensive.   Good location close to Central Park and Broadway.   Would we
bubble_50	Again at the the Peninsula in New York. This time I got a room at the7th floor, not a great location. But al the rooms are still in a great shape and the technical features are the best. You can control all the lighting, TV  and air condition from your bed. It seems that the personal service is a litte bit down. But still a great hotel.
bubble_20	I had really high expectations of this property but ended up leaving less than impressed. The Peninsula brand is really well regarded globally and I've been to their location in Hong Kong - its outstanding. However.... the NYC location is in dire need of a retrofit. The staff was pleasant enough (although I didn't really feel like they knew me by name or tried to personalize my stay), but the condition of the hotel was my main concern. The linens were nice, the room was clean, etc. but I felt like I was stepping into a hotel room in the year 2000. It just felt dated. There wasn't an outlet in the bedside console, the TV in the bathroom was a tube TV, etc. I stayed at the Quin for a couple days prior to my stay here and have to say that the rooms were cutting edge there for a
bubble_40	We stay at a lot of luxury hotels all around the world. While this is a beautiful hotel with great service, I felt like an outsider during my entire stay. They seem to cater to the Asian crowd and ignore all the others. Not in a bad way. I got the feeling that you don't matter until you need something from them. Then, they turn into humans and help you with your need.  On a better note, this hotel is located in a perfect spot to sight see and shop in NY city with great views. The rooms are large and well appointed with soft towels and amenities. The spa kind of gave you that same "you don't matter" unless you are getting a spa treatment vibe. Oh well, maybe you will matter during your stay.
bubble_50	I am a hotelier myself, so I never expect hotel stuff to be as helpful and nice as peninsula's! We had wet seats, they immediately approach us, got us wine and a cheese plate! That's what I call being genuine in what your doing!  Thanks to management team and waiting stuff! Insane from top to bottom
bubble_50	I like to be spoiled! This is the place you go to make that happen! You are treated like royalty. I had a suite. I arranged a light lunch in my suite for a friend. They made everything exactly to specifications. We still talk about that lunch. I loved the tv in my bath, how my room made me feel like I was in an apartment. I like how the security literally walked me to my desitination to a place I was meeting a friend up the street to be sure I got here ok. at night. That is above and beyond.  I love the rooftop bar. It is a well known hotel, but you are treated like you are one of about ten guests there. Everything is on point.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Peninsula New York on the last two nights of our US holiday and wished we had stayed longer as it was so relaxing there. It is in a great location within easy walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, Fifth Avenue etc. We didn't get a chance to have dinner at the main restaurant due to our short stay but did try the breakfast service there and it was excellent with a great a la carte menu available and very accommodating staff who went above and beyond for our teenage kids requests. We had adjoining rooms to accommodate two teenage kids and they were excellent, comfortable and above all very clean. Hotel staff were great, especially the concierge who assisted with sight seeing options and local dining suggestions. If we ever get back to New York we will
bubble_50	Before I've started this, I had only one review on TripAdvisor and it was about Peninsula Shanghai, which is in my opinion the best hotel in the city.     NYC premium hotels scene is much more complicated than in Shanghai. There is no single leader. There are leaders in categories.    Being relatively active traveler, recently  I stayed in four hotels in NYC: Mandarin Oriental, The Plaza, St. Regis and The Peninsula. All of them are great hotels with premium location, very high standards of service and in the same price range.    But, what sets Peninsula apart is people. People who work there and people who stay. Only in Peninsula I felt like honorable guest, because everyone there is. Peninsula is like oases in overcrowded NYC where you get very personal attention. If it's
bubble_40	I happen to be at many hotels in The Fifth Avenue Manhattan, but I would rate this property as the finest !!  Was here in the month of November last year and stayed for just 2 nights. Booked a luxury room and was in the 16th level (1600). The room was just wow!! Loved the view from my room and the only drawback was that the WINDOWS COULD HAVE BEEN  WIDER. Other than that, everything was on par with 'GRADE A' Luxury Hotel Chains.   I generally love white themed places and happy that this property (Room Floors, Doors & Interiors) gave me a heavenly feel with the majority of white everywhere (in and around all the room storeys.)  On the whole, It was a wonderful stay!!
bubble_40	This is a 5 star hotel that is one star short of being a real 5 star property. It is an older building and as much as they have tried to renovate it, it still has some issues that are due to it being an old building. Combine that with somewhat indifferent employees and you have a 4 star hotel. It is luxurious and comfortable. The public areas are all chopped up. You have to climb stairs everywhere - to get to the reception and elevators, to the bar, to the restaurant, to the fitness center. We upgraded to a junior executive suite because of a deal we got with American Express. It was a very nice room wth a very ugly view (caffeine lovers note there is no coffee maker in the room). My wife was a bit surprised that a suite did not have double sinks in the bathroom.  Usually in a 5
bubble_30	I'm sure there are many loyal fans of 'The Pen', by most accounts one of the great hotels in the city.   After giving it a few swings at the plate, I've come to conclude it just isn't for me.  For the premium costs charged, the service just didn't make the cut for the second time in a row.  There are many positives, the rooms are well designed, the control counsel next to the bed is actually easy to read and use.  The room can be totally dark at night for good sleep.  The people working there were all very nice.  This is certainly not a bad hotel.  I was only there one night, but ran into a few bumps.  I had promised to take a group up to the roof top bar and when we went to the lobby we were told it had closed at 8:30pm despite it being advertised as open until midnight.  This
bubble_40	The hotel is in a convenient location so can walk to shopping and Central Park. The room was very quiet, clean and included robes and slippers. It was nice to be able to order  newspapers and have them delivered in a bag on the door handle each morning. It was always easy to get a taxi or car service. My usual complaint with older hotels is not enough plugs behind the night table to plug in and charge my devices at night. I was given the use of an extension cord and power bar but have to remember to keep the night light on or there is no power. Keep in mind if in heels there is no way to get to street level without taking the stairs in the hotel. I had no interest in staying for a drink on the loud rooftop bar.
bubble_50	The rooftop bar at the Peninsula is really wonderful. Expensive, but wonderful. It is located at the top of the Peninsula New York, is conveniently located when one is in midtown, and has fabulous views of the city. It is not inexpensive. One glass of wine ranges from $19 - $22, but it is a generous pour, and is not "house" wine. Tables are served with a bowl of mixed snacks of nuts and mini-pretzels, service is smooth and professional, although they do rather rush you to leave when you decline a second glass of $22 wine to clear the table for a long line of those waiting. Because it is outside, smoking is permitted so if that is a problem, then it's a problem, but it's breezy enough that unless you are downwind of a table of smokers it isn't too bad. It's been around for a long
bubble_50	You can't beat the location!  The rooms are beautiful and the service is perfect.  My favorite part of the hotel is the rooftop bar :)  The concierge is extremely knowledgable and helped us with typical tourist stuff, but got us front of the line and VIP passes for attractions.  There are no less than 5 staff in the lobby waiting to help with car service, taxi, umbrellas or directions.  A perfect stay!
bubble_50	Good direction and management shows, and Alpan Koskin knows how to treat guests. Although he was away, his able assistant manager, met us at the door when we arrived from LaGuardia, and greeted us on behalf of Alpan and the Peninsula.   We were invited to the Tiffany High Line dinner, my tux got squashed, and housekeeping had it back in an hour better than new.  Our room was lovely, the beds and bathrooms are comfortable and luxurious, they remembered my morning newspaper, and going here is an absolute pleasure.   Tiffany selected the Peninsula and the coordination between Host and Hotel was perfect.
bubble_50	I travel to NYC for work at least once every quarter and this is my 'go to' hotel (unless they're oversold and their room rates are 2x which i can't justify).  It's central to just about anywhere you want to get to in Manhattan.  The rooms, while not modern, have the "Peninsula decor" and are charming.  The staff is always courteous and attentive in the most subtle of ways.  My usual stop during each visit is their Bar at Clement which stays open late and is quiet and elegant.  Not your typical NY hotel bar with all the fanfare.  Each and every bartender I've had is super knowledgeable, interesting, and personable.
bubble_40	Very nice rooms. Great service. Expensive but worth it. Loved the location! They truly are service oriented and leave 2 bottles of Peninsula water for you every night on the nightstand and also 2 every day which is quite nice when you've been out all day. They always addressed me by name when I came to the front desk.
bubble_50	Peninsula is a classical five star hotel, with perfect location, amazing service, all is super clean, great breakfast and food, love the rooftop bar and spa. Gym in the hotel is one of the best I've ever been. And the restaurant, it's the best location to see New York city from the top. I just love it and will never forget all my visits to Peninsula.  P.S. the best stake in NYC is in the restaurant of this hotel.
bubble_50	Second stay at this hotel and couldn't be happier. At every turn you are greeted by warm, friendly and professional staff. The hotel is beautifully presented in a very tasteful classical style and wonderfully maintained in every way. Perfectly located in lively mid-town while still relaxing within your own Shangri La. Easy access to outstanding restaurants, bars, central park and theatre district; all within a leisurely walking distance. Rooms are immaculate and very quiet, even those facing the street. Our bathroom was a spa within a spa; screaming of luxury and comfort! You can relax in the evening at one of cozy bars inside the hotel or enjoy the view of the manhattan skyline at their fantastic roof-top bar. Already looking to book our next stay.
bubble_50	We are New Yorkers who wanted best hotel for celebration weekend for our parents 60th anniversary celebration.  The staff at Peninsula, in particular Santiago at the front desk, made the 4 day stay exceptional for our parents.  The suite was beautiful, well appointed and quiet.  The hotel amenities are 5 Star.  The location perfect for people who want to be able to walk to restaurants, theatre and more. We live in NYC so rarely stay at hotels.  We'd recommend the Peninsula with the strongest level of enthusiasm.
bubble_40	Love the location!!! A bit old fashion style, but classical and we really enjoyed the stay.  Really comfortable - looooove the beds!!!! Impeccable service!!! We got an upgrade without even asking. The spa is amazing!!!!!!
bubble_40	This month is still cold at the roof top  Though they provide heaters at the side  Order some drinks and appetizer  Good place to talk with friends to pass and take rest after having a long walk in New York City There's only 2 appetizers to choose from  Expecting more in the summer hopefully  Satisfied with my stay
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed here for a wedding we were invited to attend.  Everything was beyond first class.  Everyone went out of their way to help meet some of our needs.  For example our flight was late getting in and the moment we got to the hotel we had to leave immediately for the rehearsal dinner. Needless to say we needed to change out of travel clothes and into the right attire.  They had our bags and our check-in expedited so we could turn around and leave in under five minutes.   Every little need is tended to.  My husband left his sunglasses out and they were cleaned and left on top of an eyeglass cleaning cloth.  All the areas are visually beautiful and the gym was phenomenal.  The spa-wonderful. And the concierge extremely knowledgeable, helpful and friendly.
bubble_50	We had a reservation here for my sister's wedding meal on Tuesday 29th March, and OMG the food was amazing!! I shared the Tuesday Lamb special with my mom and it was cooked to perfection, every one of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals and the waiters/waitresses were just spectacular!! My sister and her husband was presented with a cake made especially for them FREE OF CHARGE!! Cant fault the place. Highly recommended! Thank you x
bubble_40	Stayed 4 nights in a King room. Had a promotion of 3 nights, 1 free.  They provide water bottles every day which is wonderful. Terrific location and staff. Extremely expensive for drinks, food, continental breakfast room service. No place in hotel to get a coffee to go and none really close by. There was construction noise one morning at 7 am I called the desk and Hannah was extremely helpful offering to move and that it wouldn't happen until after 9 the next day, which was true. She also sent a lovely tray of chocolates with one being the empire state building!! and a lovely note. They really do have customer service down. I really liked everything about the hotel and it felt good to be there. Homey, not uppity.
bubble_50	This hotel does it right every time.  The decor is inviting and the front desk staffed with Marian & Johnny allows for a custom and personalized experience.  The bar is inviting and allows you to relax from the hustle of 5th avenue.   The rooms are superb and well maintained.  The pool and fitness center are on of the best in new york.  Thanks again for a wonderful stay!
bubble_50	My Friend and I booked this trip in Oct 2015 and got an incredible deal. The hotel is located right in the thick of things and activity. The hotel use to be called the Gothem in the 1950's and had classic but modern updated charm. The service was wonderful, the spa and pool magnificent for look and amenities.  We ate out so we could experience NY style food and there are great little restaurants, cafes and up scale choices within walking distance. The beds are heavenly with down pillows and comforters. I slept like a baby on the 19th floor. We had a corner king bedroom with a fantastic view. The bathroom was spacious and the cleaning service perfect. I can't say enough great things and will be back !
bubble_50	From check in to check out we really enjoyed our engagement stay in this hotel.. I asked if the hotel could do something special and they really went the extra mile for us.  The pool and sauna steam are amazing and I want to draw attention the the staff here. My experience was with the guy who was working on the mornings he really went out of his way to make me feel welcome and gave such a good service. Apples,water, robes, excellent facilities, gym gear. You will want for nothing here. I liked the shaving area with excellent face cream and hair products.  We had a evening at the rooftop bar which was also beautiful.   Door staff most of the time greet you and open doors. Assisting with bags. Everything is thought off here.  On St Patrick's day the security was tite at the hotel
bubble_50	Beautiful hotel with friendly staff. The location was perfect for us. A five minute walk from Central Park, two minutes to MoMA and maybe twenty minutes to Times Square and Broadway theaters.  Service was exceptional.
bubble_50	I'm really sorry for putting up a review about this fab property after a long gap. Its never late than better. Had been to this wonderful property in Nov'15. It was my client who booked this for me for my 5 nights 6 day stay. Had a long delayed flight from Mumbai and by the time I reached my hotel I was almost late by 3hrs. Was too tired and my client took me directly to this fab property which is almost a hour drive from the airport. Thank god there wasn't much traffic. I was helped in directly and the check in was smooth and quick. Thanks for the lovely welcome drink though. Every person was good starting from the door man to the elevator attendant and the wait staff too. My executive suite room was nicely done with all amenities and good usage of technology too. Simply loved
bubble_50	We went 2 weeks ago for my wife's bday. A great tea in the Gotham Lounge. Old school elegance. Our son joined us and with only a few hours notice, they had a crib ready for him along with robe, slippers, blanket, and bath kit (rubber duckie of course!). Always a great stay.
bubble_50	It's lovely. We stayed in a spacious, finely appointed suite that had every possible bell and whistle. Plus you are close to so many great places such as Central Park, the arts, shopping, and dining. The staff is also wonderful. We have never stayed in the same hotel twice over a forty year period. This will be the exception.
bubble_50	This was a fantastically comfortable hotel; our room was big by NY standards and very well equipped (down to a printer and stapler etc should one want to work there). We had to ask where the safe was; "behind one of the mirrors" obviously - duh!! Our view was pretty duff but I'm sure we could have made a fuss and asked for an outside facing room if it had bothered us that much. I would have liked our own coffee making facilities (for the jet lagged early rising) but the hotel was just too posh for that! The staff were without exception excellent and the location of the hotel could not be bettered. The view from the rooftop bar is worth the extortionate drinks prices.
bubble_50	Stayed here with my husband, when we eloped. The hotel couldn't have been nicer! Rose petals and champagne and Complimentary dessert in the restuarant.  Extremely clean and well kept. Safe were amazing so friendly and helpful.  Early check in - no problem. Late check out - no problem.   Wow- from start to finish. Just wow.
bubble_40	A stay at the Peninsula New York has been on our to-do list for several years. We were happy to have the opportunity to visit on a recent long weekend in New York. We are big fans of Four Seasons and tend to compare all high-end hotel stays to those properties, but this was our third visit to a Peninsula property (the first two being Tokyo and Beverly Hills) so we had previous brand experience to compare this visit to.   The Peninsula New York is a very nice property. The rooms have been (are?) being refreshed and the new look is well-done: in fact, it reminded us a bit of an older luxury hotel with its tasteful surroundings and quiet elegance. You can see the age of the hotel in the bathrooms: even though theyve been freshened, traces of their 1980s past remain. Thats not
bubble_50	Stayed as a couple for a 5 day break. This was booked as part of a package. I contacted the hotel prior to arriving for advice on where to eat for a birthday dinner. The email was answered quickly and the recommendation proved excellent. The hotel itself was excellent. The decor was good,the location fantastic and the attention to detail superb. We used the spa which was first class. However, the best feature of this hotel is its staff. Without fail every single person we spoke to or came across was 100% committed to providing the best customer service they could. I cannot fault the way they treated us at all. This was a benchmark in looking after your customers. When I return to NYC I shall use this hotel again.  If I could rate it a 6 I would.
bubble_50	I stayed at The Peninsula for a business trip. When we checked in we were helped right away and the check in process was speedy. The room I checked into was very nicely appointed. There is a lot of technology in the room to make sure stay comfortable. I loved the Master light control so every time I left the room I did not have to go throughout the room to turn off lights. The bathroom is all appointed and plenty of counter space for my stuff. The bed was very comfortable and I received turn-down both nights. Since I was attending a conference in the City not near the Peninsula we did not have a lot of time to enjoy most of their amenities, but the restaurant was amazing, both food and service. I was able to take a walk up 5th Ave up to Central Park as a quick unwind before
bubble_50	Everything was perfect. My husband and our eldest son stayed for four wonderful nights in suite 1001. We always go to The Pennsula and each time is better!!!! The room was great facing fifth avenue and fifty five,beautiful living room, bedroom and a huge bathroom and an extra toilette . Even though it's winter there were flowers everywhere! Ver y good room Service .The concierge Richard was of great helo.
bubble_50	We have stayed in many many hotels in NYC.  This hotel ranks as my best stay EVER.  We were there for 4 nights and each night the hotel staff got better and better. The room was a good size for the two of us, but the staff was amazing. Everyone was polite without being stuffy.  We felt very much at home in the hotel.  There is a free shuttle from the hotel to the theater if you reserve it in advance and it was a large sprinter van that took us. The rooftop bar was a great place to relax, drink and see the city at night, it has a million dollar view. well worth the trip.
bubble_50	Wow what a hotel, you certainly get what you pay for! Had a four night stay here over the new year and what a perfect location for us.It was our first visit to new york and we were surprised at how close some tourist attractions are to this hotel. Apart from being situated on fifth avenue for your shopping, central park, times square, madison avenue,grand central station and many more are within walking distance. Our room was on the eighth floor overlooking 5th av and was very spacious and comfortable with a suburb bathroom. Hotel staff friendly and helpful especially the concierge desk. If I ever get the chance to return to new york this is the hotel I'll be staying at!
bubble_50	Room was incredible.  Spacious, comfortable, quiet.  Staff are well trained and very attentive, The building is nice facilities,superb hotel with friendly helpful staff  - The facilities were impeccable and had the staff to match. Onsite restaurants were great. Also had an extremely complete gym so I didn't miss out on my routine. Great experience and highly recommended.
bubble_50	The Peninsula hotel has a great location at the corner of 5th Avenue and W 5th street. It has a personal elegant atmosphere and is not a " mega hotel".  The staff is very attentive, the rooms are very comfortable and in particular the bathrooms are spacious. I can also recommend to dine in the hotel' s restaurant Clement, which has an excellent service and a very good cuisine. Travelers should note that the hotel has several stairs inside , for example to reach the lobby or restaurant, but special elevators seem to be available. If you plan to stay on 5th Avenue in New York City I can certainly recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	My husband is a regular customer of this hotel, choosing to stay here while on business in New York and on a recent trip when I joined him I got to see why! The rooms we stayed in was extremely comfortable and pretty much noise proof (the noise was related to the next door neighbours who enjoyed banging their door every two minutes for an hour each morning). The service is impeccable - in fact the friendliest, helpful and most professional of any hotel or restaurant I have ever been to.  The spa, pool and gym area are well equipped and well kept. The food at the restaurant was lovely, though the wait at breakfast a bit too long and potentially could be rectified by having one more server present at that time - the food and service though were lovely. The bars are spectacular and
bubble_40	I spent a couple nights at the Peninsula last year and while it was perfectly lovely, I was left wanting more. Name/price/reputation lead to lofty expectations, and while I really dont have any specific complaints I just wasn't as overwhelmed as I expected and hoped.   The room was lovely and comfortable, and certainly on the larger side for NYC, but not noticeably better than what you would find in any other high end hotel (Ritz/FS/etc). Service was very good, no shortage of people to wait on your every need. The rooftop bar is a really fun spot on a nice night, with great views and equally spectacular people watching.   If you're an infrequent NYC visitor this location is probably ideal, near top shopping, famous restaurants, the park, etc. But for those looking for a slightly
bubble_50	Returned again to the Peninsula.  This is by far my favorite hotel in New York and much of that has to do with the staff.  Every time I go to feel like I am going home.  Arrived well before the normal check in time but I was greeted by name and a room was ready.  The location is excellent, within easy walking distance of many major attractions.  Since it was Chinese new year, the foyer and outside were decorated with dragons and Chinese lanterns.  Absolutely beautiful  On this particular trip there was a mechanical issue which was discovered about an hour after we got into our room.  When the staff was notified, they immediately changed the room and in fact upgraded to the next higher category.  My only minor criticism is that the rooms do not have enough electrical outlets and
bubble_50	We stayed here for a week of business, relaxation and shopping. Was a great choice as we had not been back for a few years. Still wonderful, luxurious and elegant. We liked the discreet entrance and boutique feeling of this hotel. The restaurant is elegant and food is excellent. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	Just returned from five days staying at the amazing  Peninsula New York. The view from the roof top bar Salon de Ning is a must  as is the view across the city from the swimming pool which is wonderfully relaxing after a day walking through this incredible city. Our room was beautifully appointed and again had a lovely view across New York. We received daily updates about things to do in New York and the weather.  We tried out all the bars which all offered a different experience and I highly recommend the White Russians. The Clement restaurant serves an excellent breakfast in elegant surroundings whilst looking down 5th Avenue. All the hotel staff were incredibly helpful and informative. The reception, concierge and doormen were able to answer all our questions, give advice and
bubble_50	I stayed at the Peninsula and it was amazing excellent service, the people are so helpful and the service is outstanding. Internet connection is quite good, tried in-room dinning for breakfast was good too.  Starting from the door you will be welcomed very warmly with a smile, at the concierge they will help to book and reserve whatever you want to visit in New York. I felt myself home thank you for the awesome stay
bubble_50	I arrived before the normal check in time not expecting a room to be ready but the greeting at the check in was friendly recognising me as a returning guest (although in truth not a regular). A room was provided and it was an upgrade no less. The hotel oozes serenity and luxury. it will be remiss not to mention the amazing gym with the state of the art equipment and the complimentary gym wear is something that shows the thought being put into the whole operation. This is the best hotel bar none in New York.
bubble_50	I stayed here with my friend and we were just speechless. The hotel is beautiful. Our room was really comfortable and stylish. The location is perfect, the food is delicious. And for me the most important was the service. The kindest people are working there. We had a great time in the Peninsula NY, we will definitely come back. Thank you.
bubble_50	As soon as you walk in, you can feel the quiet and calm atmosphere of this hotel. The staff is professional, the rooms all have a foyer, so you are not walking right into a bed. I had a Swedish massage at the beautiful spa, it was heaven. My masseuse was Ellen, very talented, almost like a artist. We had brunch at the Clement and dinner at the Gotham Lounge. Chef Samuel Linder, himself came to make sure everything was going well. The food was delicious and the presentation was immaculate. I did not make it to the roof top bar, definitely next time. Hayley Johnson and Amanda Weiss made our stay memorable. We had a great stay and hope to revisit soon.
bubble_50	The location of this hotel is superb for exploring midtown Manhattan, and would suit anyone who looking to stay amongst the 'buzz' of this city.  The Peninsula is luxurious, yet still retains a sense of coziness and intimacy.  We stayed over Christmas, and loved the little touches - a Christmas stocking in our room with chocolate treats, and carollers.  The staff all looked genuinely pleased to be working there, despite it being a holiday, and we enjoyed a drink on the outdoors bar terrace (thanks to a record breaking warm Christmas eve).   The rooms are well appointed but no view from ours unfortunately, but perhaps from some of the others?  Alas, no coffee or tea making facilities but that is really the only negative I can think of.   Excellent hotel, for the most part.
bubble_50	If you're looking for somewhere extraordinary to stay in New York, the Peninsula is surely the only place to be. From the moment you arrive (and we did so rather spontaneously) you are made to feel welcome, and for the entirety of your stay, as if nothing is too much trouble. The staff are simply wonderful. The hotel itself is grand and elegant, and was decorated beautifully for winter. The room was spacious, luxurious and very comfortable. The location is excellent. It is on Fith Avenue and near Central Park, yet remains an oasis of calm inside, with an entrance that  "turns heads" of passers-by in the 'city that never sleeps'.  The pool and spa is well worth a visit, even if only to see the views from the higher floors. Although we did not use it, there is also a well equipped
bubble_50	This hotel is located a few feet off 5th Avenue only a few minutes from Rockefeller Center and Central Park.  We had an amazing stay.  The staff was over the top making sure anything we needed was provided. The pool and spa was very high end, fresh fruit, lemon water, very clean.  Food was delightful.
bubble_50	If there is one hospitality brand that I have found to always be consistently excellent, constantly overreaching even the highest of expectations, it would be The Peninsula. No matter where in the world you are, you can always count on The Peninsula Hotels to provide you with an exquisite  experience, with a wonderful location, never-say-no service, great food, fruitful local partnerships and above all, a sense of occasion everytime you step into the lobby. The Peninsula New York was no exception.   The Peninsula New York accommodated our reservation request at extremely short notice during the peak season, applied Signature Travel Network amenities though I was booking directly (time difference disallowed my agent from doing so) and generally granted all requests. The hotel's
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York hotel's customer service was outstanding.   Between the spacious room, fabulous food and exceptional location, I had the best time - what more could I ask for?!?!. Thank you to all the staff for making my business/holiday exceptional.   One negative - I had to leave! :)
bubble_40	What can I say.  This is a great hotel and always a  fabulous experience. Traveling is always stressful and the Peninsula never fails in being a small oasis in the journey of life.  They treat as a guest
bubble_50	You can only sleep so well, but in NYC there are few places for the money that deliver more in location, prestige and amenities.  If you can afford it, it's the place to be. I've stayed here maybe a half dozen times and I've never been disappointed...aside from the bill, of course.
bubble_50	Last week I stayed for two glorious nights at The Peninsula New York.  It has everything I want in a luxury hotel.  A sense of place, fantastic furnishing. A great bed. Special Bar. Quiet restaurant with wonderful food.  A restaurant of style where you can have a quiet conversation in comfort.  Finally, exceptional staff - caring, competent and kind.  I look forward to my next visit.
bubble_50	Lovely evening with my wife in the bar 50 odd floors up. Outside and inside areas ti chise from. Great views and all christmassy as well. Very festive.....well worth a visit and the cocktails are great
bubble_50	This is a truly great place to stay at. The rooms are spacious, great beds, always fresh fruit and truffles in the room, small things that makes it little extra! Lovely staff who really makes you feal "king for a day".
bubble_50	Great location and lovely room with easy access to all that 5th Avenue has to offer and moments to Central Park. Broadway Shows are minutes away. The restaurant,Clement, is well worth the visit! A visit to the rooftop bar provides a stunning view over 5th Avenue. I learnt one thing about USA hotels and that is to not to expect complimentary tea/coffee making facilities. It's another revenue opportunity!
bubble_40	The Peninsula is an iconic luxury hotel and delivers what it promises. You will be treated to an amazing standard, with no need to open doors for yourself, no complaint going unacknowledged and dealt with, and generally everything will be smooth and pleasant.  However, the hotel, being an old building, has electrical sockets and other things falling off the walls and other similar issues. They are not major but quite a nuisance if you're travelling on business. I couldn't work properly as there was only one socket that worked! Furthermore, the remote control didn't work very well as again the socket had a problem and the stand for the remote control was a bit loose.  Location great and overall a great experience. The rooms need an upgrade though.
bubble_50	This hotel topped my previous favorite. Comfortable room, spacious bathroom, understated but elegant deco, and courteous and pleasant staff totally got me. The location was also perfect to go every major attraction in the city. Will return for sure next time when I go to NYC.
bubble_20	For the amount they charge you would have high expectations for a 5* hotel. The noise in the rooms is unbearable, you can hear outside traffic constantly, regardless of the floor you're on. The walls seem to be hollow and you hear everything outside of your bedroom door. The rooftop bar is good. The rooms are small compared to other hotels. Its very dated in parts and although located on 5th avenue it is next to some very run down shops/restaurants next door which have signs up about rats and pest control which we found slightly concerning!
bubble_50	If you don't want to feel like a number and want one of the best central locations to all NYC has to offer then choose The Peninsula. The rooms are nice, not large, but very comfortable. You must try the Spa and Pool on the top floor, the view from the pool alone is worth the elevator ride. So close to Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's,  Central Park, 5th Avenue shopping and a short trip by the E-line on the subway to 9/11 Memorial. Many great eating spots nearby. Oh one more thing, if you have not been to NYC during the Holiday Season then it is must!
bubble_50	The Peninsula provides a level of service that is such a pleasure to experience. From check in to check out, each and every hotel employee goes out of their way to make sure every detail is perfect.   We enjoy the complimentary room upgrade through the American Express Platinum Card as well as the late check out. New York can be a zoo in December, the Peninsula is an oasis.
bubble_50	This is my third stay at the Peninsula and I must say I've been blown away each time. The rooms are so spacious and the beds extremely comfy. The location is so great and so much to do in walking distance. The Central Park is only couple of minutes away by foot. The staff takes very good care of you and nothing you ask for is too much trouble. The WiFI is free of charge and has great speed.  If there is sun I would recommend the sun loungers. They have complementary water and sun screen. The rooftop bar is lively and has great cocktails. If you want to work out but forgot your gym clothes you can borrow from them.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula for 5 nights over the thanksgiving weekend.This was our sixth visit to New York but the first time at the Peninsula and it is by far the best hotel we have stayed in .From the moment we arrived the first glimpse of the building decorated for Christmas got you in the festive spirit .The staff from the doorman,reception,concierge ,room service, house keeping actually everyone we came into contact with gave 100% customer service .We had a suite on the fifth floor with a great view of 5th Avenue, the room was spacious,in excellent decorative order and very clean . One of the perks of the suite was the use of the chauffeur driven car what a brilliant idea.The whole hotel was just spotless . We will definitely be returning.
bubble_40	Family city break to a great City! Lovely interconnecting rooms, clean and tidy.  Great breakfast resturant and friendly staff.  Dated spa average therapists.  Great yoga classes in included in stay.  Best part of the hotel was the excellent service and help given to us by the Concerige.
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed recently for thanksgiving and had a fantastic experience at The Peninsula NYC. The customer service is exceptional, every member of their team gives you a first class experience and warming welcome. Delightful roof bar experience for drinking cocktails, breakfast in their restaurant is amazing , large comfortable bed, well equipped rooms. Beautifully decorated hotel  interior. I cant fault this hotel and would happily return and recommend. Massive thank you to all staff who went above and beyond. Its all the little extra things they did that made us feel welcomed guests.
bubble_50	We've enjoyed a perfect week at the Peninsula Hotel. It's located right in the heart of Manhattan with many of the main attractions within walking distance. You won't be stuck for things to do. The hotel itself offers the highest service standards and the rooms are very clean and spacious.   The staff were very friendly and couldn't do enough to help, particularly Bert from the Concierge who deserves a special mention. The food is excellent, though slightly pricey. We can recommend you try the breakfast to experience the restaurant and service. The views from the rooftop bar are amazing and worth a visit for the cocktails.   We visited during Thanksgiving and were pleasantly surprised when we returned to our room on Thanksgiving Day to find a chocolate creation - a great touch!
bubble_40	Pristine hotel with conservatively modern decor.  Rooms are spacious with large bathrooms and separate soaking tubs.  Plenty of closet space. Best oversized Gym and Rooftop Pool I have seen in Manhattan.  Spa is beautiful/relaxing.  Lobby lounge(Gotham) is just off lobby warm and inviting with view of 55th street. Santiago (Front Desk) was very attentive to our requests for room locations- Thank You for the double upgrade.  Fantastic  5th Avenue view.
bubble_50	I'm not sure where to start apart from saying that I'm sad to check out today. The hotel has been a home away from home, very comfortable spacess room. One of the most comfortable hotel beds I have stayed in and my favourite there was a radio and tv in the bathroom which meant I could listen to Christmas songs while getting ready.  Hotel staff are very friendly and accomadating. A weeks guide was provided to highlight some festive suggestions which I think we did all of them.  The location is ideal as the hotel is on 5th ave and you are walking distance from central park, radio city, Rockefeller center and times square. We even walked it to Empire State and Macy's.  The hotel has a rooftop bar, gym and spa area which are idea area to relax.  Really impressed would defiantly stay
bubble_50	I have just spent a week at this delightful hotel which is very conveniently located off 5th Avenue and 55th West. I was upgraded to a Deluxe Grand room which was spacious and very comfortable. The bed was extremely comfortable, all the amenities in the room were excellent but no shower caps or cotton buds which are not essential but quite useful! I was also surprised that there was no turn down service but maybe that is something not offered in US hotels.  The highlight of my stay there was going to the Spa and gym located on the 21st and 22nd floors. The gym is fantastic with state of the art equipment and is open to non-residents. I attended two classes - these are offered complimentary to hotel guests. The therapists are all extremely professional and top tip ask for Jeanine
bubble_40	I need to start by saying that I love the Four Seasons in New York but, owing to my schedule, I wanted a rolling 24 hour check-out (arriving late in the evening so I could check out 24 hours later and go straight to JFK the following evening) which the Four Seasons doesnt offer, so I decided to try the Peninsula.  My first impressions werent great. The entrance is cramped and on a side-street, with loads of construction going on. The lobby interior is small and rather dark/ old fashioned.  However the hotel certainly grew on me and I found staff were both friendly and very helpful, operating at a high level. Our rooms werent ready at the agreed time so the receptionist immediately escorted us to the lounge and comped us whatever refreshments we wanted.   The main bar (left at
bubble_50	Start with the grand chandelier entrance with eye catching Fall flower arrangements for a wonderful welcome upon arrival.  Junior suite was spacious with mood lighting dimmers in both bath and main areas. Spa, hair salon and fitness areas are private with great views. In room massage therapist was a bit disappointing but didn't take away from the overall hotel experience. Dining and ambiance is top notch.  Service very special. Flower arrangements sheer delight everywhere!  Photo attached.
bubble_50	Since moving out of NYC, I've had a chance to try the hotels I've always passed in my walks.  The Peninsula is by far one of the best.  For those that are claustrophobic, this is the best choice for a spacious room.  It is also conveniently located just off of 5th Ave close to shopping and the theaters.  It is only a few blocks from Central Park.  Decor is classic and well taken care of.  On a beautiful summer day, have a drink at their beautiful rooftop bar.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is an iconic hotel with wonderful restaurants as well as large rooms. The location and the service also set it apart.  We were there for a "Girls Trip" in October and everything was just perfect from the moment we walked in the lobby until we checked out four days later. The Concierge was helpful weeks before the trip as well as during our trip!!!
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week as a girly trip with a friend, booked in Expedia. Brilliant hotel, fantastic location, just a 2min walk from Central Park and some excellent restaurants-would recommend sarabeths for brunch. The rooftop bar does amazing cocktails and the pool is an excellent way to chill out. No complaints, helpful staff. Would recommend splashing out on staying here!
bubble_50	This was our best visit yet to Peninsula NYC. From the welcome of the bellman to the check in at the front desk.  The location is unbeatable. Within steps of the all the big brand stores, Central Park, and MOMA.  Our suite was spacious, filled with lovely toiletries, and most importantly we had 2 wonderful , quiet nights of sleep. Looking forward to our next stay.
bubble_20	I have stayed in Peninsula Hotels all over the world but this was my first time staying in NY.  In Chicago and Hong Kong the Peninsula is my go to for extremely good service, great bars and facilities and excellent rooms with up to date furniture and conveniences.  The Beverly Hills Peninsula is just amazing and should be on everyone's bucket list.  Now, for the NY Peninsula.  Let me list the Pro's and Cons:  Pros: Front Desk, house keeping, Lobby bar, and Bell hop staff was great as expected.  They went out of their way to say hello and to be helpful. Location - Perfect for my work and nice and close to central park, theater district, and great bars and resturants  Cons: Random bossy and unfriendly staff.  I think this is just the NY coming out but I frankly don't want to deal
bubble_40	Luxurious, classic old style uptown hotel with a splendid view. A great tip is that you can visit the roof top bar without actually staying at the hotel, just take the elevator to "Skyline heaven". Highly priced drinks, but that view is so spectacular, it's definitely worth it.
bubble_50	There are no words to describe my recent visit to the Peninsula , New York.  I have been in the past but this visit seemed like an amazing and perfect weekend.  I was greeted by very professional staff at the door, and the front desk.  I was also treated like gold.  I have stayed at many if the worlds finest hotels but this place is the tops   Samir who is the guest relations manager greeted me and treated me like he would any vip that comes to the hotel....however, i am not a vip...the room was amazing, size and style.  overlooking fifth avenue and very quiet.    1202 was my room number and the bathroom and foyer and the actual main part of the room were very nice.  The amenities in the room and the extra special touches topped my expectations.  this is by far the best hotel in
bubble_30	My wife and I booked three nights here thinking it would be a safe bet for old school glamour.  Sadly, whilst the staff were very nice we found our room to be absolutely tiny which was a severe disappointment given the high prices charged. It struck us very much that the hotel is trading off past reputation rather than current standard that it offers which is a shame - the location is great and it's a beautiful building but when you look at what else is available for the same room rate, it sadly can't compete. Time for some modernisation and breathe of life and we may then consider it next time we're back
bubble_50	Stayed again at the Peninsula New York last weekend. What can I say - my favorite place in NYC. Very well located, nice rooms and the staff is wonderful. As always Taz (at the concierge desk) bends over backwards to fulfill guest requests with a smile.
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here for two nights the first week of October.  We were attending a concert at Carnegie Hall and the Peninsula is a short walk there.  We were greeted at the taxi by the staff and our luggage was immediately tagged and taken to our room.  The check in was short and easy, and the gentleman at the front desk who checked us in escorted us to our room.  Our room was nice and spacious with a plate of fresh fruit and plenty of bottles of water along with bath robes and slippers, which my wife always enjoys.  Room service was never noticed but everything was always taken care of, which I like.     This hotel is expensive, but the location is right off of Fifth Avenue and the shopping area and an excellent location for attending Carnegie Hall.  Service is top notch
bubble_50	We are a well travelled couple in our late 40's.  This was my second stay at The Peninsula New York and my review is just as stellar as my first review.  We stayed four nights and it wasn't long enough!  The staff is what makes this hotel special.  I have stayed at The Four Seasons, The Ritz Central Park and the St. Regis and I won't even consider staying anywhere else again when in NYC due to the staff.  Hands down they know customer service and it shows.  The older I get customer service is what attracts me back!  The bellman, front desk, concierge and housekeeping are all wonderful and helpful!  I was fortunate enough to utilize the gym facilities this visit and one of the best hotels gyms I have ever used - it had everything you could want - even classes.  I'm trying to get
bubble_50	While visiting New York City,  friends took us to the rooftop bar .   Magnificent views of the city.   Drinks are about $25 each, but it is the city.   Wonderfully worth it! They also serve many wines and appetizers  Get there early as seating is limited.
bubble_30	My husband and i stayed at the Peninsula during our honeymoon in June 2014.  It was the first time my husband comes to New york, and my second time. We were recommended to stay at this hotel for its location. Now if you are looking to spend your time shopping in New York, then this is definitely the hotel for you! But if you are a young couple looking to explore all that New York has to offer, then not really a great spot. Located right on the corner of 5th Avenue, this hotel is definitely upscale, but the rooms are so small. The lobby is really small too, and to our misfortune they were having renovations there, so we really didn't get to see the grandeur of the hotel as pictures show.  There isn't much going on there for what it should be offering in terms of service and
bubble_50	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend getaway trip and it was well worth it.  From check-in to check out, the service at this hotel was exemplary.  From the bell desk, reception, to housekeeping...very positive experience.  The staff always greeted you as you walked into the hotel.  Turn down service was great.  The room was very nice.  We were in a superior room which met our needs as we were gone most of the day.  The hotel is located within walking distance to Times Square, the theater district, and Central Park.  We didn't get an opportunity to try the restaurant in the hotel.  We will definitely stay at the Peninsula for our future visits.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Peninsula NY from September 2-5.  We had an early flight to NY and were at the hotel by 11 am.  The gentleman that checked us in was okay.  He was neither pleasant nor unpleasant.  He didn't make us feel welcome.  As my husband and I were celebrating our anniversary, we were quite excited to be there.  Usually (especially when there isn't a line of guests waiting to check in - in this case there wasn't), the front desk personnel make an effort to know where their guests are from and perhaps even the reason for the trip.  With this guy? Nothing other than to say a room was available and so we could check in if we wanted.  Perhaps it was because we had booked through Expedia??  I'll get back to this in a bit.  So we checked in and were quite pleased with our room.
bubble_50	Perfect location in the heart of shopping and business district. Just steps from 5th avenue. Very upscale accommodations. Recommend a room upgrade if size of the room matters. Standard rooms are a bit tight but upgraded rooms are nice in size. Food choices are limited but there are many places to go around the hotel - its New York City so choices abound. Staff is very helpful and accommodating. Upgraded us without us asking.
bubble_20	Went here in Nov last year for thanks giving. Been before to another hotel and loved it.  This time the hotel was dirty. Room was old and cold. TV cabinate doors broke off.   Staff could not be bothered attitude was shocking and arguing when we were trying to understand things but because we did not understand they got angry .  We will never go back.
bubble_50	My wife and I got married in Central Park and wanted to stay somewhere special for our wedding night.  We chose The Peninsula New York and we were not disappointed.  We arrived to check in around 5pm before our evening reception, and the Hotel upgraded our room given our special occasion.  Once we had checked out we went for a cab to return to our reception party, and the hotel provided us with the use of their complimentary Mini Cooper normally reserved for guests staying in their suites.  We even got a congratulations from Venus Williams who was leaving the hotel as we were entering!  The rooms are fantastic and this hotel is one of the most luxurious I have ever visited, and at $1200 per night not too badly prices for a luxury hotel in Manhattan.  When we arrived back at the
bubble_40	It was our first time to visit New York and would like to leave a good impression of the place. Thus, we picked up a historical Peninsula to stay while staying. Arrived in NYC around midnight and took the taxi to the hotel. Never too exaggerate, the traffic was bad. It took us at least 20 mins to go for few blocks away.  While the checking, the reception is pretty polite, sweet, and very helpful.  We stayed in a junior suite where the living room and bed room is separated. One sofa bed is in the living room where I slept at night time. They gave us the compliment fruit and sweet to welcome our staying. The bed looked and slept so comfy. The bathroom is equipped with bathtub and shower with spacious area. At the night, you can call for help to set up the sofa bed.  In the
bubble_50	After being absent guest for many years from the Peninsula NY I returned for a three nights stay in August 2015 with my son and found the property to be in immaculate condition.  I believe the hotel was renovated recently. We received not one but a double upgrade which we thought was incredibly generous. The room number 1001 was extremely comfortable and inviting and also had state of the art technology which my son was very found of. On my son's request his game console was installed immediately and from then onwards it was difficult for me to drag my son out of the room!! The breakfast menus is incredibly vast from Japanese, Chinese, Chinese vegetarian to Swiss Bircher muesli to freshly squeezed juices which were all available. The service I have received at the concierge was
bubble_50	We stayed for 3 nights and had a great time. I would say it was perfectly located to all the sights, central park, rockafeller center and 5th Avenue shops.  Subway located on 53rd not too much of a walk away.    The staff are very attentive.    Room was very comfortable, beautiful bathroom, fluffy towels and the most luxurious bedding I have ever slept on (wish I could have some for home).  Our room was situated on the 7th floor, we didn't have a 5th Ave view, it was at the centre courtyard.  Although we had no view to speak of, it was very quiet, with no NY noise.  Only complaints I have was that there was no Tea Tray in the room, when I come back from sight seeing, I enjoy a cup of tea, ordering from room service will set you back a shocking 25 dollars!
bubble_50	We chose this hotel to visit New York for a special holiday with our two adult daughters and as part of the celebration for the youngest daughters 18th Birthday.    Everything about this hotel was fantastic.  The location is ideal, the staff friendly and helpful and the rooms excellent.  The service in the hotel could not be faulted and was attentive without being overbearing.  We arrived earlier than expected at the hotel and our suite wasn't quite ready for us. They offered us access to the spa but we had travelled for some time and chose to sit in the lounge.  They were full of apologies,  gave us complimentary food and drink and also upgraded us to an executive suite.  They were aware that we were there partly to celebrate our daughters birthday and brought a cake to the
bubble_50	I have reviewed many hotels on this site and consistently tell you that if you want that perfect experience, then The Peninsula in NYC is the place for you to stay. Its more than the location - it's the people that make this one so special.  You walk in, they know your name and are there with a welcome greeting; when you walk by the front desk, another friendly hello. Even the security detail says hello with your name on occasion. The rooms and amenities are wonderful as well.  I cannot say enough about this property - I'll be back again and again.
bubble_50	We stayed for 5 nights and had such an amazing time. The location is excellent, only 3 blocks from central park. The staff was very kind, professional and helpful, always trying to make us feel comfortable. Even when our flight was delayed for a couple of hours, they offered us the spa facilities for the waiting time.  We went to the rooftop bar to celebrate my wifes birthday. Despite we had to wait 30 minutos for a table, It was worth it. The view from there is incredible. For the next trip to NYC we definetely will stay here again.
bubble_50	We had a great time, felt very secure and cared for in this hotel.  The location is amazing across from the St. Regis my other favorite hotel.  This hotel does have a better rooftop bar that they were accommodating to their guests getting seats for them almost immediately on a busy Friday night.  The rooms were nicely appointed with plenty of areas to put your things away and made our children feel very welcomed.  We stayed in a Grand Luxe room and this hotel has a pool although it is closed right now for a few more weeks
bubble_50	We are still here but I couldn't wait to write this review as it is simply perfect!! The hotel is beautiful, rooms are amazing but the service is the best you can have!! Everyone is so helpful and friendly. The make up your room twice a day. It is really class and quality. Attention to detail for everything. If I come back to New York I will stay here again without a doubt. Thank you all, from the receptionists to the concierge. Simply amazing!!!
bubble_50	My stay was in February, and was nothing short of perfection from beginning to end.  Everyone I encountered was lovely, professional and accommodating.  I even wound up having to stay an extra night due to cancelled flights, and I couldn't have been happier about it.  Easily the best hotel bathroom I've ever experienced in ANY city, much less a city more or less "known" for small rooms.  The best was extraordinary, as well.  I can't believe it took me this long to write this review - I'm going back in October to celebrate my birthday, and I can't wait!
bubble_50	Hotel staff are very polite and are the professional individuals I've ever come across. Had a slight issue with our room but had an immediate upgrade in rooms to compensate for the inconvenience. Hotel is v. expensive but not overpriced; you get what you pay for! 23 floor Gym exceptional with jaw dropping views of Manhattan. Would strongly recommend.
bubble_50	This is an amazing hotel. We have stayed at other NY Hotels including the Plaza and the Pierre and this experience was the best ever. We had 2 rooms and they had special treats for our children and a bottle of wine for us. The concierge (Frederick) and his staff got us amazing seats at the Broadway show we wanted to see as well as all the restaurant reservations we requested. When you are ready for the best, stay here. We loved it.
bubble_10	My fianc and I have just returned from a weeks stay at the New York Peninsula. Unfortunately, our time at the hotel can only be discribed as disappointing! This was our first trip to NYC and we had extensively researched luxury hotels in order to ensure we had the best possible New York experience. We selected the Peninsula after reading excellent reviews and are saddend to have to share our bad experience of our time spent at this hotel. I have never written a review of a hotel before, however I felt that strongly I am writing this at the airport travelling home!   We arrived at the Peninsula  at around 13:00 after an 8 hour flight. We were not aware of check in times and were told our room would be ready at about 15:00. The staff took our baggage and asked us to leave a
bubble_50	Well what can I say. Simply the best city I have had the pleasure to stay in.Now this review is 4 years old but looking at other reviews the amazing hotel seems to get better and better. The rooms are stunning , the service is outstanding, the staff are perfect. Breakfast is incredible -- get the picture 11/10
bubble_40	Still a comfortable rooftop and a great place to meet friends and family. The drinks are varied and you will be accommodated to any liquid of your choice. Great service.  The location is central and accessible from anywhere. You do not have to stay at the hotel.
bubble_40	Reception like greased lightening Room fantastic Locstion perfect Staff brilliant Spa quite pricey Drinks can be really heavy Rooftop terrace good but can be a wait if busy and bar food poor value  They messed up our mini tour but compensated with a posh alternative  Would I go again - you bet !
bubble_50	In the heart of NYC is the most beautiful hotel with impeccable service, fine dining and a spectacular view down 5th Avenue from the rooftop bar. The Tea service at the Gothem Lounge is absolutely lovely! Glamorous large bathrooms with deep soaking bathtubs add to the luxury of the sophisticated and elegantly styled room. The Grand Luxe gives you plenty of space to spread out without going to a suite.    The hotel is a few short blocks from Central Park, the metro stop and shopping is all around up and down 5th Avenue. Walk down to Saks, around the corner to 30 Rock and enjoy the energy of the city!
bubble_50	We ended our annual summer trip to New York once again with a stay at the Peninsula.  So familiar are we with the Pen, I didn't even post a review for our last stay in 2013.   Las year, we egregiously skipped the Pen to try the much-buzzed-about-at-the-time NoMad hotel and its buzzed about restaurants.  The restaurants were great, but the hotel was only meh--we found ourselves missing the Pen and its perfect midtown location.  For this Pen stay, we used some vouchers purchases from my favourite flash sale website.  I have booked the Pen's least expensive room, the Superior, on more than one occasion, including this one, but have never actually stayed in that type of room; we've always been graciously upgraded.  I will say for this stay, our upgrade was of lower value than in the
bubble_40	This hotel offers luxurious rooms that are well decorated yet could perhaps be larger in terms of size. The bathrooms have nice marble floors. The rooftop bar is one of the best parts of the hotel. With incredibly friendly staff and a breathtaking view over the city, it is perhaps one of the best rooftop bars in the city.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is a stunning and true luxury hotel and in fact our favourite when in NY. The staff is very professional and service oriented. The Spa area is stunning as is the indoor pool. The roof bar is just amazing. NY has so many great hotels but if the one we chose is simply perfect why change?
bubble_50	Wow. I can't imagine anything I would want in a hotel stay that The Peninsula didn't provide... But it was more than that- these people are on top of their game- providing careful, thoughtful service at every step. We could not have had a better stay- amazing facilities and amenities, a great midtown location- you can't go wrong. I've found our new favorite NYC hotel.
bubble_50	I booked this hotel through Expedia and booked a suite. From the pictures the hotel looked really good and it did not disappoint when we arrived, the staff were all friendly and helpful and the suite was large and airy. It is located in the theater district and is within walking distance of Broadway etc. There are plenty of small restaurants around so you can go out for breakfast/lunch and evening meal - just be warned they serve BIG portions in New York!!. The hotel is spotlessly clean and I would most certainly recommend it to anyone. Just one down side there was o tea/coffee making facility in the room but the mini bar was full of lovely drinks and food and there was plenty of toiletries including a razor and cream.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is clearly our favorite hotel in NYC and we have stayed at many hotels in Manhattan. It is centrally located in a great part of the city without the crowded touristy feel of hotels closer to Times Square or the theatre district. The Peninsula combines exceptional service without feeling stuffy. You feel pampered while staying at the Peninsula. We have stayed there several times and the service is consistently excellent.  On times when we visit NYC and are not fortunate enough to stay at the Peninsula we always try to stop at their bar where the bartenders are professional mixologists making the best cocktails in the city. Another treat is to have brunch at the Peninsula.  We look forward to our next visit
bubble_50	The public areas were the highlight: the restaurant (food,service and atmosphere) impeccable. The bar had a great atmosphere, cosy and welcoming in the winter; the pool with warm lighting and view over NYC was great and the yoga class in the gym just what we needed after a long flight. Perfect location, will be back!
bubble_50	Stayed here for 5 nights on my first trip to NYC. Loved the hotel, despite being in a fantastic location on 5th avenue with all its noise - the minute you stepped into the hotel it was calm and peaceful.  We stayed in a Superior room which was still a large room and the room was serviced twice a day. No view from the room but we were out most of the time so this didn't really matter. We didn't eat in the hotel but we did visit the Rooftop Bar, the Spa and the terraces with Sun loungers - all fantastic. Staff were friendly and helpful at all times.  When I return to NYC, I will definitely be staying here again. Loved it and wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Thanks to the entire team for a great stay!
bubble_50	Hi, we stayed here in a superior room in July. The room was really comfy and clean. The only downside is that there was no view from the room but apart from that we had no issues with the room. We never ate at the restaurant as we like to eat out. The rooftop bar is really great, we used it for night caps every night. It gets busy but being a resident gives you priority if there's a queue. It's not cheap but all things considered, a good hotel.
bubble_40	you get what you expect from Peninsula, and even more. Efficient service, fast  room service, customer focused team. Peaceful rooms, good bedding, Whatever you ask they provide it with a smile and in a proactive way.
bubble_50	The first thing I noticed was the exquisite flower arrangement in the lobby. Care has been taken to create a peaceful and visually appealing interior. The staff are eloquent, helpful without being condescending and eager to please. We were upgraded to an enormous room with a well appointed lounge area. The upgrade was not expected, which made the visit more exciting.  The spa and pool area is tranquil and surrounded by a balcony, offering the most spectacular views. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	I stayed here with my husband and son for a work trip and while the hotel was certainly impressive, it was frustrating having a stroller.  The side door (which was the way around the staircase) was usually locked and someone would have to come unlock it which got annoying after a few times in and out.  That being said, the staff was wonderful to my son and gave him a little Peninsula bear and cute amenities.  The room was huge for NYC standards and very luxurious.  I will come back with just my husband next time!
bubble_50	I stayed with my wife at the Peninsula for a week this summer. The hotel is beautiful from outside and also from the inside, the lobby is small but full of luxury elements. The staff is very nice all the time, except late at nights when they ask you your name and room number, I know its for security reasons, but a Hotel of this category should make a better effort to know their guests and give a warm greeting everytime we arrrive.   The rooms are spacious for new york standards, the bed is very comfortable, the amenities are Oscar de La renta, they should offer mouth wash and shoe shine, shaving and tooth brush as in other hotels.  The location could not be better, in the fifth avenue, near Moma, Central Park, Rockefeller center and also near the top restaurants of NY and the
bubble_50	I traveled to NYC for a wedding and I have never stayed at the Peninsula before but now I will stay there whenever I return!  The service was fantastic-every detail was perfect.  The staff went above and beyond!  I thought the room was spacious and well appointed. I cannot wait to return!
bubble_50	I've stayed recently at the Park Hyatt, the Four Seasons and the Plaza Athenee amongst other properties in NYC, and we fell in love with The Peninsula.   The location is amazing right off 5th Avenue.   The room was elegant but had all modern amenities.  The Hotel feels grand yet not overwhelming.  The staff's extremely attentive and we loved the gym which was the best hotel fitness space we've seen in a long time - spacious, lots of equipment and group classes.  We loved the bar off the lobby and the bartender there (Kris?)  We wished we could have stayed longer.
bubble_30	I stayed here for 5 days in July. The hotel itself was absolutely beautiful and a great location. Over priced though but we knew that going into it. 9$ for a bottle of water. Really?  13 for a bowl of rice crispies...I found the hotel to be empty and have to much staff. So much so that I was annoyed by being greater by 8 different people in a 30 second span. I felt we haf a welcoming party every time we entered the hotel and it was so annoying.
bubble_40	I took my 12 year old daughter on her first trip to NYC over spring break and I am so glad I chose this hotel. Every person we met was kind & helpful. I got really sick on our final morning there and the front desk sent someone out to get me medicine and delivered it to my room-this was very early in the morning and still lightning fast! We had room service breakfast and wow, it was wonderful, even though it was pricy. We would stay there again. The pool was closed and that was a disappointment for my daughter.
bubble_50	I stayed here for business and this was an excellent hotel with great rooms. I wish I had known so I would have stayed longer with family. Probably one of the finest NYC hotels to stay at. The ambiance was amazing. I do want to warn travelers though, that this hotel is expensive so if you are not worried about costs, this is the hotel you want to stay at.
bubble_50	We have stayed at several other Peninsula properties but this was our first stay at the New York location.  We were treated like special guests.  We had lunch at Clement-delightful. We will come back to this wonderful hotel.
bubble_50	From the moment we arrived, we were treated wonderfully! Extremely courteous staff that go out of their way to assist. At one point, we had asked for the car service to take us somewhere...unfortunately, the car was not there and the doorman hailed a cab for us and paid for it! We said that was not necessary but he insisted...thank you Tony! The room was very elegant and the bathroom was FAB! Rooftop deck and pool area is beautiful with stunning views up and down 5th ave.
bubble_50	This hotel was amazing!!!  The customer service was excellent.  We enjoyed the pool.  Our daughter was not feeling well the last day of the trip so they extended our check out to let her stay in the room to rest before our flight.  The room was very clean and everything was great!  We took full advantage of the concierge and we not disappointed.  They gave great recommendations and were always quick to help us with anything.  The hotel and staff really made a huge difference in our family vacation!  I cannot say enough great things about this hotel!
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed here for our anniversary in March 2015 and found it to be a great location for exploring Manhattan as it's so central to everything and right in midtown. The staff were very helpful and the rooms very well laid and spacious. The roof top bar is also very nice.
bubble_50	My wife and I just returned from a three night stay at the Peninsula New York.  My wife and I have been loyal patrons of the Ritz Carlton for years, and wanted to try the Peninsula after hearing so many wonderful things about it and coming across an exceptional deal.    The service was top notch.  The staff had an incredibly accommodating attitude, and made sure to take care of the little details.  For example, one rainy afternoon as we were leaving the hotel, we were given a huge wind resistant umbrella. Everyone was very friendly.    The spa and pool area is quite nice, and the rooms were extremely clean.  We liked the smart light controls next to bed, which allow you to control the entire room from right from your bed.  We wish that we had more time to sample the restaurants,
bubble_50	My husband and I try to make it to New York City every year.  This year was the first time we stayed at The Peninsula.  While many other NYC hotels are great, The Peninsula is above and beyond any we have stayed in customer service.  Loved the turn down service. The only complaint I had is that the bathroom television didn't work.  We reported it to the front desk, but nothing was done about it.
bubble_40	If you are looking for a quite spot to enjoy a late afternoon cocktail before dinner, consider the roof top lounge at the Peninsula. After a hectic day in the canyons of Manhattan, treat yourself to the hushed elegance and excellent bar nuts found at the top of the Peninsula Hotel. The drinks are not inexpensive (about $50 for two martinis) and are a bit watered down, but that's not the draw---it's the views and ambiance. Let's face it, if you want to drink a bomber of a cocktail, you can make it at home. There are three seating alternatives: the bar, the terrace deck with tables and a narrow terrace with high stools facing north overlooking 5th avenue. We chose the latter, with fewer people and a sun drenched, unobstructed glimpse of 5th avenue as far as the eye can see. It's
bubble_50	Wonderful service. Wonderful room. Wonderful location. Will definitely return!!  This hotel is quite luxurious, but fortunately, not snobby. Everyone working at the hotel was kind and extremely helpful
bubble_40	Visited the rooftop bar. It was a beautiful place and the bar had amazing views. Cocktails and drinks were expensive at $30+ but that may be the norm for 5th Avenue. Would go again simply for the views.
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula on a weekend trip to New York to see Billy Joel.  Being Asian, I had always known the Peninsula in Hong Kong to be a fantastic hotel, but did not know they had a hotel in New York.  The service was impeccable and reminded me of the type of service one expects in 5 star hotels in Asia.  Certainly much better than I typically see in hotels in North America.  The staff was very accommodating without being intrusive.  The room was always clean when we returned. We had a late flight home and they were lovely enough to give us late checkout and also use of the spa change rooms when we returned after a walk through Central Park.   Overall, we loved the hotel and would recommend it highly.  I will certainly be looking to stay at the Peninsula in other cities.
bubble_50	My husband and I went to New York for our 25th wedding anniversary and stayed at The Peninsula. We arrived early in the morning after a red-eye flight and we were given our room immediately. (Plus a free upgrade because our friend had called before hand and told the hotel it was a special occasion.) Staff-A+ / Room-A+ /Location-A+ We would and have recommended this hotel to other travelers.
bubble_50	Lovely stay.  Treated like royalty whether dressed up for dinner or dressed down after a long walk. Room was beyond reproach.  Spacious and clean.  Fabulous bathroom with nice amenities.  Food at Clement was divine, and an excellent deal for the pre theater menu.  Really lovely pool.  Great service from everyone.  This place is sophisticated and elegant without being flashy.
bubble_50	My partner and I stayed here on our first trip to New York. The service was outstanding! Nothing was ever too much and the staff really went the extra mile. The room we stayed in was luxurious and had stunning views along fifth avenue. It is in an excellent location and we were in walking distance of a lot of the main sites such as Times Square, Rockefeller Centre and Empire State. Will certainly stay here again on future trips!
bubble_50	Exactly what you would expect from a world-class hotel.  All my requests - from luggage being brought to my room, to things being stored, to my car being handled properly.  The room - as in all Peninsula hotels - are laid out extremely well with large sitting areas, spacious wardrobes and big bathrooms.
bubble_50	There's not much to be said for the Peninsula, except you get what you pay for.  Yes, you expect perfection, and this is pretty darned close.  Just spotless luxurious rooms. Very, very good service, a really cool rooftop bar and great Manhattan location. Just beware the restaurant - breakfast for 2 was $80. Good, but not that good.  Go find another option.
bubble_50	It has been a few months since I was there (and am scheduled to go back in the fall) but in the meantime the concierge, Taz, has been amazing. He has assisted me with a Paris trip as well as reservation during NY Restaurant week. He epitomizes what a concierge at a true 5* hotel should be. I do not hesitate to recommend the Peninsula as well as the concierge service there.
bubble_40	Very good location but loby is upstarts so we should always going up to one floor for use main eleveter.
bubble_50	Had a last minute short break her for my 40th birthday. Staff very friendly and efficient, bedroom suites a good size and well equipped. Bathrooms are luxury and a great size. Good views from room. Everything we wanted just wish we could have stayed longer!
bubble_50	Just got back from a night at the Peninsula New York for our 16th wedding anniversary. My wife and I usually stay in the luxury larger chains but I am grateful I lucked out and booked our special night at the Peninsula. Mr. Crook and his capable team (Alexandra - Guest Relations and Richard (Salon De Ning) helped me plan a wonderful evening on short notice. The rooms are large for New York, the Peninsula is situated just south of Central Park and is within walking distance to all mid-town must-sees. We had wonderful service at the Gotham Bar upon our arrival and ended the night with a special view from the Salon De Ning roof top terrace (a must see at night). I can't thank the staff at the Peninsula enough and we will be back and we will be recommending the Peninsula New York to
bubble_50	I stayed at the Peninsula over the St. Patrick's Day parade and it was a wonderful experience. Can't go wrong with this hotel especially if you can get a good deal. Centrally located with good some rooms.
bubble_50	A fine hotel with impeccable service, staff always available from the time you arrive until your departure.....Beautiful rooms with excellent amenities.....One of the very best locations in New York...
bubble_50	My friend and I spent a weekend at the Peninsula. We arrived on a Friday morning, checked our bags, and were given immediate access and a guided tour to the spa and fitness center. We were able to freshen up and head out to shop, lunch, and explore. The hotel is beautiful and perfectly located to access shopping, sites, and subway. We enjoyed morning workouts followed by coffee poolside, and cocktails in the Gotham Bar before heading out to dinner each evening. We even topped off Saturday night on the rooftop. It was hard to leave the property as it is just lovely! Wonderful views of Manhattan can be enjoyed from the pool, fitness center, and rooftop. What a treat!
bubble_50	I arrived on a Friday afternoon, and was shown to my room: a lovely room with 2 queen beds (as requested). Very clean and well-decorated. A nice sized bathroom. I went downstairs and had a lovely lunch in the Gotham Bar. The lady who waited on me was absolutely delightful. I had a club sandwich, a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, fries and a little plate of olives and nuts with my wine to start.  For me, the location is simply the best. I head out the door and get all my shopping done. My daughter joined me after work and she also spent some time in the spa and had her hair cut. She loved the massage and her haircut was one of the best she's had.  It was certainly a busy weekend, but the service and high level of guest accommodation was impressive. I was greeted every time I walked by
bubble_50	There are many good hotels in New York and some great hotels, none however can provide the atmosphere of pure sophistication, luxury and class that Peninsula does. Perfectly comfortable rooms with great beds and all amenities you want from a top hotel. Service is perfect from the moment you arrive. Fabulous restaurant with a great wine list and experienced staff with a sense of humor will make you want to come back again and again. Situated at 55th and 5th, location could not be better. If you want to feel like a loved celebrity, this is the hotel for you.
bubble_50	I have been to NYC several times and tend to seek out the "what's hot now" hotel . . . but I have also long admired the Peninsula hotels . . . so I decided to give The Peninsula NYC a go. WOW. My biggest problem was that I loved the room so much I didn't want to leave it . . . . But it's NYC, of course I HAD to leave to eat, explore, and conduct business . . . ! I met local friends on the rooftop and was in awe of the lovely views and the really great service. But let's get back to the room. From top to bottom, it was LUXE, with the custom lighting . . . gorgeous bathroom, and the bed . . . I'm not sure I've ever slept better . . . Everything about it was top-notch. A pure joy - what a shame I had to sleep at all!   But of course a hotel is about more than the room . . . it's
bubble_40	Very nice property. I made the mistake of choosing a room with an internal view into a 'courtyard'. Its more a dingy light well between buildings without much light. The room itself was very pleasant and a great size. Decor starting to show its age but more than compensated by the hotels location and room size. Breakfast extraordinarily expensive but sensationally good. Possibly the best hotel breakfast I have had in the US so worth every one of the many pennies it cost. Concierge was excellent, big compliment to Taz (apologies for any misspelling) who really knew his stuff.  Will stay again but choose a different room category with an outside view. Highly recommended.
bubble_50	We went to New York at the start of April and we're lucky to stay at the Peninsula Hotel on 55th & 5th. The room was very good the staff were extremely helpful to the last and made you feel comfortable and welcome. The food in the Clement Restaurant was superb and reasonably priced. I would recommend this hotel to all. The location just a couple of blocks from Central Park meant most of what we wanted to see and do was in walking distance or a taxi ride away.
bubble_30	Obvious points are good location and attractive building.  Criticisms - the floor we were  on was quite dated, with strange "old" buttons  in the room from  previous  IT. Eg large  1970's appearing switches by door with  reset fascimile and fascimile message waiting. Almost quaint  if  not actually reflecting work needing doing. Seriously  overloaded  plug sockets etc. Desk/cabinet  chipped and grotty.  Rooftop bar was a zoo, but not even attractive.  Third rate tables etc,  just looked really rundown. Clearly has good  views etc but needs money spent on  it. The website  photos look  like a different place - maybe there's a nice section that is closed off for private  parties?  Restaurants there -  One was  just embarrassing (Gotham) - where afternoon tea is held, I had a table
bubble_50	Has a really good rooftop bar (where you can smoke ) and close to central park.The breakfasts are top notch,all the staff are really helpful and what you would expect at this level.many excellent restaurants on the same block with an atm on the corner.
bubble_40	I didn't stay at this hotel, however I had a manicure done here, and I visited the Gotham Lounge on two separate occasions. I also went to the Salon de Ning bar on one occasion. And the concierge assisted me.  The manicure was fantastic. It lasted a long time (i.e. the polish didn't chip for a long time) and was flawless. The spa staff were friendly and their ginger-based "relaxation" tea was delicious and refreshing.   The Gotham Lounge was often a little crowded but in spite of that the staff were consistently excellent and very warm and friendly. Sure, the drinks are not inexpensive but the service makes up for it; seriously, I'd take the service here over the service at the HK Peninsula (yep, you heard that right: the NYC Peninsula does "Peninsula Service" better than the HK
bubble_40	The best of NYC is before you... Central Park, shopping, restaurants- this hotel has a great location! We felt secure and welcome from the start of our check-in to check-out. The beds are comfortable and the room was extremely clean (thank you!)  I would have given five stars BUT we could not have a shirt laundered/pressed because "we are too busy" and the amenities seem limited for such a great hotel. Only shampoo, conditioner and lotion. There were sometimes bottles of water, sometimes not. No mending kit, comb, bath salts, dental kit, etc... However, the slippers were very comfortable. Also, the housekeeping staff can be very loud when in the hallways. They are trained to knock and say "housekeeping!" From our room, this was a constantly repeated overheard refrain from the
bubble_50	We stayed here as part of corporate event just for one night. Attention to detail and courteous staff add to the historic charms of this hotel. Suite was very clean with continued attention to details and appointments as well as technology for maximum comfort of guests. Highly recommended if you are in town for luxurious shopping spree or Broadway theater nights or for couples just getting away from kids for a few nights...
bubble_50	Upon arrival we were treated so warmly, check in a breeze. Had lunch in small dining area,very good but not a large selection. Our room was very nice and Tony very attentive. The concierges were so good pointed out where sites we wanted to see. Doorman hailed us a cab and was also very polite to us. My sister in law and I wanted a first class hotel and this was one. We are just ordinary people and it was very expensive but crossing a New York 5 star hotel off my bucket list was thrilling. I loved the smell of the fresh flowers in the lobby every day.
bubble_50	Our stay was flawless. Beautifully furnished and equipped room. Stellar, genuine and intuitive service. Great insight and advice from the concierge staff. Warm welcome at check in and at every return. I work in this field and if the management of this hotel taught a class, I would be their first student. Deserving of their 5 star/5 diamond status.
bubble_50	A class act hotel.  Rooms were magnificent. Location is great. The staff is very accommodating .  We went for a family trip in August but will be going back during the holiday season . We can't wait to stay again.
bubble_50	Our one week stay in The Peninsula was a special occassion to celebrate my 50th birthday.  On arrival the reception staff identified from my passport that it was birthday and minutes after arriving to our room I was presented with a birthday cake. Our first room was a little dissappointing due to its location near to an air conditioning unit, and this was raised with reception.  The next day, as a suitable room became available, we were upgraded to a Grand deluxe room on the 5th floor facing 5th Ave.  The room, as you would expect from a 5* star hotel was well appointed, clean and very well maintained.  Other visitors have commented on the street noise, particularly at lower floor levels, however we did not notice any such noise.  Due to a limited budget we did not have many
bubble_50	I stayed two nights in this hotel and I absolutely love it.  One of the best locations ever, with minutes' walk to MoMA and high-end shopping destinations on 5th Avenue. Central Park isn't too remote either.  Service is good for the most part.  Room is spacious relative to other hotel rooms in Manhattan but probably not up to the expectations of some people who believe for the high price they should get a larger room. Well, the Manhattan itself is overpriced, Peninsula isn't really out of place.  There are some fancy amenities like a screen for bathtub, printer inside the office desk, etc. I'm glad they are designed in a simple and easy way. They don't look outrageously luxurious at the first sight, but you will notice the little details are perfect.   Room is quite, A/C is
bubble_50	The peninsula has to be one the best hotels in New York if not the world. A real five star experience. The location and level of service making it one my first choices on a short business trip especially if meetings are uptown or midtown. However the leisure facility's are also excellent with the roof gym and pool and even a sun deck although it was a bit cold for that when I stayed. Room was very nice, comfortable and a good size. The rooftop bar was also spectacular with amazing views and a nice place to have a drink after a busy day. Would always recommend this hotel to anyone and will be back again when I am in New York.
bubble_50	We have just spent 4 days at the Peninsula New York and have had the most amazing stay despite encountering a couple of hiccups along the way. The way in which our relatively minor issues were resolved made the time spent at the Peninsula even more special and highlighted their attention to detail and commitment to customer service.  From the minute you are greeted by the doorman you realise that you have stepped back in time and you are entering an establishment that has an awful lot of history Check in really smooth and prompt we were whisked up to our suite within 5 minutes of arriving. The room was as youd expect for this type of hotel and oozed style and quality. The view wasnt particularly great but the size of the room was very generous with good size living room
bubble_50	My husband and I spent  3 nights at The Peninsula New York last week and decided that this would be our PLACE to stay from now on. Everything about our experience was wonderful, BUT, I think the service was the most impressive. From meeting us at the car and calling us by name to the concierge (Peter), this hotel knows how to treat their guests. We both received spa services during our stay and were delighted with those, as well. The location of the hotel is the reason we chose it and it turned out to be perfect for shopping, eating and sight-seeing. Thank you so much, Peninsula for such an enjoyable anniversary trip. Can't wait to see you again!
bubble_50	My husband and I were lucky to spend the last ten nights at the Peninsula. We stayed in a Junior suite on the 7th floor. It was fantastic. Lots of space, great mini bar, so many Chanels and movies to choose from. Fantastic in room dining, Oscar de la Renta amenities and so much more. The room was serviced twice daily with so many complimentary waters we could start selling them.  The Clement restaurant had lovely food and fantastic staff. We used the Mini Cooper service one day and our driver was great. The Gym is fabulous and so is the day spa. If you go for a treatment, make sure you use their relaxation rooms and steam/sauna rooms. Lovely! The pool was had an amazing view but unfortunately was under repairs the majority of the time we were here. The Peninsula had however
bubble_30	Great location. Welcoming and helpful front of hotel staff. Rooms large and clean,with comfortable beds. Bar staff let the place down: rude to me and didn't know how to make a proper Gin Martini. (Stirred - not shaken. Hint of Very dry Vermouth) Muzak in lift up to top of building, which continued into the bar, was so loud and intrusive, I was forced to leave.
bubble_50	Very good hotel. Friendly staff, good facilities at a great location. Rooms are large and nice compared to most other NYC hotels. Good breakfast and nice restaurant at the hotel and a great rooftop bar.
bubble_40	We recently checked in for a little one night "staycation."  (Our reservationist was very friendly and helpful over the phone and we booked a King Grand Luxe Room.)  We had a very warm and personalized welcome upon arrival and were escorted to our room.  The room had that NYC-elegant feel to it.  This room is the largest room under a suite and the bedroom area was a bit smaller than expected -- basically a decent standard-sized New York hotel room.  The bathroom was huge and outfitted with shiny marble, a large tub, separate shower, a magnifier mirror, two robes, lots of fluffy towels, and an old TV behind glass above the tub.  The separate area for the toilet lacked a wastebasket, which would have been handy.  The entry hallway had a nice upholstered built-in bench which was a
bubble_50	In NYC overnight for a museum event at MoMA.  I decided to stay at this hotel for its proximity to the museum and a budget friendly deal offered through an airline partner.  The hotel room was lovely with the comforts you would expect in a luxury hotel.  I ate dinner in the bar area where my meal was delicious and the service well-paced.  Hotel staff was friendly and attentive; As I arrived late afternoon on a Sunday, I especially appreciated the late check out on Monday and helpful information regarding airport transportation.  I definitely will return, circumstances permitting.
bubble_40	NYC was on my bucket list and we got a too good to miss deal with Expedia.  A beautiful "old style" hotel   - one of the original hotels to be built here in the 1900's, on the corner of 5th and 55th.  Marble and chandeliers with courteous staff.  One of the most comfortable beds I have encountered  in a hotel. Deep but short bath, anybody more than 5'4" would struggle.  Nice bars but crazy New York prices.  Decided against eating here because of that but plenty of choices within 10min walk.  Easily walkable to all the must do sites in NYC.  Shame about the terrible muzak in the rooftop bar.  We couldn't stand to stay for a drink - but popular with the young trendies.
bubble_50	The difference between a fine hotel  & a "Grand" hotel  is the attention to detail  & personal  service.   We checked out  this  morning  after a 3 night  stay. Upon arrival  We were met at the door  by several  friendly  staff & our bags were whisked away.  Elise checked us in & then personally  escorted us to our room which  had been  upgraded. The room was wonderful  & the bathroom  was the size of a small  bedroom  with  both  a walk in shower & a large soaking tub with TV & radio.  Each evening as we returned from a day of walking  the city, our room "fairy" had come & laid out  our slippers, filled  the ice bucket,  tied up our cell phone  cords with a ribbon,  left cleaning  cloths for our ipads & put bottled water & glasses  beside  our bed.  The rooftop  bar was cozy &
bubble_40	I stayed here for two nights on a work trip, after finding an incredibly good deal on Expedia (flight + hotel combo). The hotel has a great location on 5th Avenue, just a few blocks from central park. Note that the actual entrance to the hotel is on 55th Street and not 5th Avenue. I arrived quite late on a Wednesday night and was allocated a Grand Luxe room on the 7th floor (one category higher than I had booked).  The room was quite spacious on the whole.  The actual bedroom area didnt feel very spacious, but the bathroom was very large and there was a separate area near the entrance to the room with closets and room for luggage. Some of the things I liked about the room  very comfortable bed, lots of mirrors, a view of 5th Avenue, TV in the bathroom, high-pressure shower,
bubble_20	After staying at the less expensive Bowery hotel who bent over backward for us this hotel felt very staged. I mentioned it was our 20th anniversary when we checked in and it was completely ignored! Not what I expect in the USA. We couldn't get the heating to work or the remote control . I think they went high tech a few years back and now very dated. Tried to get a taxi to AirPort and I noticed the doorman ignoring yellow cabs even though I was slightly panicked so i would take his mate standing near by at twice the price but he gets a kick back! The burrata salad was so cold. The whole plate obviously was ready made in the fridge ... The tomatoes were almost icicles! You could do much better than this hotel for sure.
bubble_40	OVERALL/LOCATION:  You really can't go wrong with any of the 5 star hotels in Manhattan, but the Peninsula is probably my favorite.  Having recently stayed at the Plaza, I was able to compare the two.  NYC hotel rooms are quite small as real estate is expensive, but I found the rooms here to be decent, and this time was upgraded to a junior suite, which at 620 sq ft is pretty good for NYC.  There is still some street noise so if you aren't used to city sounds, I suggest you ask for a higher floor.  The location is great- walking distance to Central Park and all the shopping your heart desires on 5th Ave and Madison.  Service was excellent on all fronts- from the bellman to front desk people to room service.    AMENITIES:  Great spa with an extensive array of services.  There is
bubble_40	This by far is a 5 star luxury hotel the service and the location is ok .   Great position for shopping and sightseeing. I was greeted immediately, the room is   very comfortable,king size bed, high speed wifi free, large bathroom. I would  reccomend this hotel for a short stay.
bubble_50	Our family spent three great nights at The Peninsula over Valentine's Day weekend.  Everything about our stay was fantastic.  The service was top-notch, the staff was warm and accommodating and the food - both in the bars and the dining room - was great.  Our daughters, ages 8 and 6, were both welcomed and entertained throughout our entire stay.  We wouldn't change a thing and hope to visit again soon.
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York is a fine establishment. Access off of 5th/55th is excellent. The food was delicious and the service was five star. The rooms were exactly what one would expect from a hotel in this class. Great rooftop views from Salon de Ning.
bubble_50	I stayed here because they had the best upgrade offer but now I'm sold on staying here from now on.Every single person working there was over the top to help us. From the bellman, Jason, to the concierge, Richard, everything was great. The bar up top is so cozy and warm. The room was great. Separate entry room , large well lit bathroom with tub and separate shower. TV to watch while you're in the tub. Large room , newly equipped.  Beautiful view of 5th Avenue. Best 5th Avenue location ever. Stopped by and dropped off packages and bellman took them right to the room so we could shop some more.
bubble_50	We've always been pleased with the Peninsula hotel chain, and our stay in New York was no exception.  We had purchased a weekend in a suite from the Peninsula as a charity auction item, and the Peninsula could not have been more gracious when we redeemed our purchase.  We were given a large suite (larger than many NYC flats) complete with living room, dining room, and kitchen (stocked with ice cream and drinks).  Because we were a party of 5, we were also given a connecting room that had two additional beds.  The Peninsula also comped several of our meals.  Service was prompt and friendly.   I don't disagree with several of the other reviewers regarding the prices, but I also do not think the Peninsula is out of line with other NYC hotels of comparable standards.  New York *is*
bubble_30	I had a beautiful corner room but the bed was lumpy and I had the feeling that this hotel has had its day. It was a lovely way to spend Valentine's Day but I mainly booked for the pool which was under renovation and should have likely stayed elsewhere.
bubble_30	This hotel, by reputation one of the most high end hotels in the city (and priced accordingly) failed to impress.    Bathroom - What's the story with the handheld shower?  Can the Peninsula not afford to install an actual shower head?  Has no one informed management that in 2015, many people's preferred form of bathing is done vertically?    The TV - not very big. Also, had the dreaded "soap opera" effect, which I could have fixed if I had the normal remote that allows you to fix the settings (but of course that remote is not provided).  It's great to have two HBO channels and two Showtime channels, but rendered unwatchable without correcting the settings.  My newspaper - did not show up. Yes, I woke up early and checked out at 655am, but still, no excuse.  Work area - no
bubble_50	Excellent location for shopping, moving about the city.  I like you can shop on 5th Avenue go back and drop your items off before heading out again.    Lots of great restaurants nearby.  The quality of the bed, the pillows, and sheets make for fantastic sleep.  TV has lots of channel selection and easy to navigate.    Best: restaurant.  Food and service was outstanding.  Had breakfast and lunch there due to great taste.  Almost had dinner in same place but decided better to go outside once that day.  But I would have been quite happy with my third meal in same place.    Ready to go back on next trip!
bubble_40	We stayed multiple times at this hotel as its 5th avenue location next to Central Park and everything just good inside provides safe choice for a luxury addicted non US traveller. Rooms and suites were good even noisy either from 5th ave or inner side. Ok bars, including popular open roof top Vong. Media industry darling Michael's restaurant next door.. Good pool , rare luxury for Manhatten, good gym. For us this pool really make Peninsula unique! Interesting to comment but apart from Mandarin Columbus Circle nearby non of top Central Park properties provide this facility , in our mind quite important for frequent transatlantic travelers. We wish neighboring Four Seasons, Pierre , St Regis or Ritz start to think same way..
bubble_50	The Peninsula is expensive but it's a fabulous first-class hotel and worth the price for a splurge. Sometimes they run specials, which are worth asking about. The Spa is just wonderful - had an excellent massage in a beautiful, relaxing atmosphere.
bubble_50	Thanks to all the staff for the great service and music!!!! This is a must and the door staff happily will direct you so don't feel you will not be welcome if you are not staying there as that is definitely not the case
bubble_50	Stayed there just before Christmas - 3rd time in 6 months. Beautifully decorated, great location. Room overlooked 5th Avenue. Love their afternoon tea. Concierge can work wonders (We have always used Taz). Strongly recommend this as a great base to explore NY from.
bubble_50	Although we did not stay at this magnificent hotel, my sister and I were fortunate to have had their wonderful Holiday Afternoon tea during a visit to New York in December. The tea is held each day in the Gotham Lounge.  If you are in this great city, this is a treat that you should not miss! The tea consists of scones , finger sandwiches ,an assortment of pastries and tartlets .There is a wide assortment of teas available from all over the world. Every morsel eaten was a delectable treat ! To top off this special tea each guest was given a Snow Page Christmas tree ornament .  If we are fortunate to once again spend Christmas in this remarkable city, we plan to have our Christmas dinner at this hotel. The staff is very friendly , accommodating and much attention is paid to
bubble_50	We've had excellent experiences at Peninsula Hotels in Beverly Hills, Shanghai and Hong Kong, so we had very high expectations for The Peninsula New York. As expected, the hotel's service, accommodations and dining were EXCELLENT. During our 4 night stay, we enjoyed cocktails and meals in all the hotel's restaurants and bars. Food and service were exceptional. The gym and spa are excellent, as well. Moreover, the hotel's location at the corner of Fifth Ave. and 55th Street is ideal for shopping, dining and sightseeing.  It's been our experience that service at The Peninsula Hotels is uniformly outstanding. Every hotel employee we encountered at The Peninsula New York was pleasant and professional, and went out of their way to ensure our stay was perfect. Victoria, at the
bubble_30	I travel to New York frequently, and have stayed at this Hotel many times. I always ask myself, why do I have to stay in such an expensive hotel and what do I get in return. In general, my expectations with these more expensive premium hotels include friendly helpful staff, great location, beautiful surrounding, large room, turn down service and fine bed with a good mattress and comfortable high quality bed sheets.  I also love to have a helpful concierge and an onsite restaurant that produces edible food, in case I have to eat in the Hotel. In general these expectations were mostly met at the Peninsula, with some failings. Let us start with the room, even though I have a deluxe room, I felt that the room was too small. It was however, comfortably furnished. I just expected it
bubble_40	Arrived here late on New Years Eve after our airline lost one of our suit cases causing us to miss our pre booked gala dinner at the hotel and making us waste a huge amount of time at Terminal 7, JFK airport. The unfriendliest dump I've ever visited. NOT the hotel, the airport! Having said that, a HUGE thanks to the ladies at the BA lost baggage desk; they were really kind and did what they could to help. On arrival at the hotel, we were greeted by a very nice young lady at reception who checked us in and did all the usual. Excellent Bell Boys too. The room was slightly on the small side, probably because of the amount of space the King bed and our four surviving suit cases occupied. The room was clean and the bathroom very nice apart from the bidet size bath. I'm a big guy who
bubble_50	We stayed at The Peninsula New York in November for my Birthday and 2 nights in this hotel was outstanding, everything was so perfect.. The staff were so lovely and helpful. The hotel was to an excellent standard... Breakfast on both mornings was beautiful... The room was so clean and amazing, felt like a Queen. It's in a great location right on fifth avenue, and just round the corner from central park. Couldn't of hand a better stay.
bubble_50	Rooms : amazing , great view , spacious , clean  Restaurant : loved it , amazing food  Spa : was great also the hairdresser was great  Location is super central  Would go back had a great time  One of the best hotels in New York  Highly recommend it for family or couples
bubble_50	I went to the Peninsula for brunch on 01/04; the overall experience was superb. Staff were great; intuitive and attentive. The food was very good and off-menu choices not a problem. Location at 55th and 5th classy. If you are checking out possibilities for brunch in New York you will not be disappointed with the Peninsula!
bubble_40	Friendly and helpful staff. Great central location close to shops, the park, subways. Small rooms (that's New York)', but outstanding housekeeping. Great gym with nice views over Manhattan. Oozing old world charm.
bubble_40	I stay at the Peninsula for work quite often and can't really find a fault with the service I receive every time I'm there. Hence, I might be a bit biased and give 5* to the Peninsula NY, but when my husband joined me on one of these stays, he pointed out that he expected the Peninsula to be a lot better especially when it came to the rooms.
bubble_50	We stayed here for New Years Eve with our two children, ages 8 and 9.  When we arrived, we were able to receive a noon check in (due to booking through Amex Platinum) and a late 4 pm check out the next day.  The staff could not have been friendlier to our children.  When we arrived they gave them snow globes and stuffed animals; they asked them to "register" and fill in their favorite colors, favorite things to do, etc.  They made them feel enormously welcome.  We liked the room as well.  Spacious, with two queen beds.  Very well appointed.  The bellman came and gave us complimentary boxes of chocolate when we checked in.  Comparing this to the Mandarin Oriental (which is also fantastic), I would say this place has an edge in terms of friendliness of the staff.  The Mandarin
bubble_50	Stayed here during a quick holiday trip to New York.  Location...perfect...service....perfect...food...perfect!  The Christmas decorations were beautiful.  Also loved the smaller feel of the hotel compared to The Waldof.  Friends stayed there and the experience was far less personalized...Ene though the peninsula had a boutique feel it had all the amenities of a huge hotel.  Breakfast was lovely every morning and the roof top bar scenic and fun late at night.  Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	After a 12 hour flight we checked in early (7 am) at the peninsula, i was expecting to be told that the room will not be ready till 14.00 . The receptionist told me that the room was ready and that i could go rest after my long journey, this was enough to remind me that the peninsula standards are among the best of all hotels. We received an amazing room on the 20th floor with a small balcony viewing all of fifth avenue ! The rooms are spacious and very comfortable, the only thing that could be improved is the service ate the gotham lounge as this bar/restaurant is under staffed. I will definetely be back and will recommend this hotels to all my friends visiting new york!! thank you for an amazing holiday peninsula NY !
bubble_20	Considering the prices this hotel charges (around $1000 per night) you'd expect something truly great. I had very high hopes as I grew up in LA and the Penninsula there is considered the creme de la creme.  Upon entering this hotel I immediately knew it was going to disappoint me. Service is weird and somewhat unfriendly - and a little too casual considering the prestige and luxury the hotel aims to convey....  The lobby is understated and bland and rooms are just your typical generic hotel room, nothing special. Toiletries are the usual stuff and the amenities are also run of the mill.  The service is so informal - it's strange. I called the concierge to ask them to book me into the afternoon tea in the lounge...after putting me on hold to check he comes back on and just says
bubble_50	Went with my wife for a mini honeymoon + business trip. Great hotel, great location, staff is friendly. Concierge helped with a couple of reservations, great restaurant for breakfast. Big but small feel hotel.
bubble_50	I have stayed in many hotels in New York.  My favourite prior to the Peninsula would be the Palace Hotel, but where I stay varies on rates as well as business needs.  I always like to stay somewhere that allows me to run in Central Park, which The Peninsula does.  Just to give you a rundown of the hotel:  Location - great - it is right in midtown, near Central Park, close to shopping, etc.  Rooms - lovely.  Wonderful bedding, great bed, good layout.  Bathroom - wonderful.  I love great bathrooms, and this one was particularly nice.  I always like when they have a tv in the bathroom because if I decide to take a bath I like to watch the business news in the morning.  Service - spectacular.  The concierges were very responsive and the housekeeping service was sublime.  My friend
bubble_50	Nice service, nice room. A little bit expensive but you will have a great time with the hotel. The diner next to the hotel named Michael? had a great breakfast too. The location is good too. I went for shopping for my kid's clothing just before leaving for the flight.
bubble_50	This is my third stay at this hotel and once again they exceeded my expectations  Our flight was late so we did not arrive till 1am and were quickly checked in so we could get to our rooms  We had booked a junior suite which was lovely with excellent space lovely furnishings and top of the range bathroom and toiletries Throughout our four day stay evey staff member we encountered went out of their way to make our stay special  This is during one of their busiest times of the year I will definitely be back and highly recommend for both business and pleasure stays
bubble_50	Stayed 3 nights with my two college daughters for a quick girls' getaway.  Loved every minute of our stay and have found my new "go to" hotel in NYC.  Have stayed previously at St. Regis, Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton Central Park.  The Peninsula exceeded service above the rest!  The holiday decorations were gorgeous and location simply can't be beat.  We never took a cab - walked all through Rockafeller Center, Theater District and up to Lincoln Center one night for the opera.  Stayed in a jr. executive suite and it was fabulous!  Every employee we encountered was helpful and housekeeping was superb!  Thanks Peninsula for a great stay! We will be back!!
bubble_50	Whenever I'm traveling, I bring a number of devices and all their related charges, often creating a mess of cords in my room.  At the Peninsula New York, while I was out for the day, housekeeping tied up the cords neatly with a pretty gray ribbon.  A small, somewhat random, touch, but that's the kind of next-level service and attention-to-detail that makes the Peninsula special.  Excellent location, spa, service, rooms, restaurants (i.e., everything).  It's expensive, but there are occasionally Gilt Travel/Jetsetter vouchers that make the price more reasonable.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Peninsula New York from Dec 12 -15, 2014. As usual, the room was relaxing and comfortable, even adequately sized, by Manhattan standards. Clements restaurant was interesting, but does not have a very diverse menu, meaning not many plain type of dishes. Our only problem was the one day we didn't get out of the room until about 2:00 p.m., so we telephoned housekeeping to ask if the room could be serviced while we were out for a few hours. We were assured it would be done right away. We met a Housekeeping supervisor in the hallway, and asked her the same thing, same assurance.   We enjoyed a matinee Broadway show, and returned to the hotel to get ready for our dinner reservations. We returned about 6:15 p.m. and our room had not yet been serviced. We neeed to get
bubble_40	I've stayed here maybe 10 times. There are several good reasons for that 1) great location at 55 and 5th so at the door step of Bergdorf et al for those inclined to shop 2) fabulous roof top bar which has a great vibe for this part of town (only 75pc suits) ...although as expected, seating is coupled with attitude, even for guests 3) spacious rooms with large bathrooms if you can go one category up from standard - it's worth it 4) it's fully refurbished ... Nothing dated about this place 5) great hair salon and gym / spa   However this place should make some effort to welcome returning/ regularly guests. They have no loyalty programme and I've never been offered an upgrade here. Hence I decided to start re-exploring the other hotels I have visited in the past ...To compare I
bubble_30	When I come to NYC I like to try new places to stay. If you read my reviews, you'll see I've stayed at The London NYC, Trump, Mandarin Oriental, Essex House, St. Regis, etc... I've loved most of them and would return to most of them. Not this one! The room rate is ridiculous for what you get. The tv barely worked, it gets hot in the middle of the night, the location is so congested that it's super hard to get picked up or dropped off.  I've stayed at the Peninsula in LA and it was so much better than NYC. For the price you pay I suggest St. Regis if you want to be in this area. Mandarin Oriental is also a good choice but a different location.
bubble_50	This is a beautiful hotel, great location with easy access to most attractions. Great rooftop pool and lounge. Two wonderful restaurants, one casual lobby restaurant and another more formal one.  If you don't like either option there are plenty of choices within walking distance. A few blocks walk to Times Square, a few blocks to Central park.  Rooms are nicely appointed, average size for NYC. Great work space, each room has a fax machine and printer. Love their bathrooms.   Hallways aren't very long so you won't have to walk forever to get to your room. Overall great luxury property.
bubble_50	We have stayed at many of the fine hotels around NYC with our two boys (they are well traveled) and this has quickly become our favorite.  The location is great, rooms are superb and quite large for NYC standards, and the bathroom is modern and immaculate.  What has impressed us the most, each and every visit is the staff.  From Elise and her colleagues at the front desk reception to the gentlemen at the front door and everyone you encounter in the halls, every single person greets us with a huge smile, and makes our children feel welcome and comfortable.  They could not do enough for us and it is our perfect home away from home.
bubble_50	Stayed for the second time at the Peninsula. I was quite impressed by the first time but I was amazed by the second time. The rooms, lobby, restaurants, rooftop bar are top notch. The service provided by the hotel is impeccable. Nothing you ask for is to much and everything happens right away. As far as the location goes it is in my opinion one of the best in NY. Close to great restaurants and some of the best shops in the world. Can't recommend this hotel enough. Will stay again!
bubble_50	Great hotel chain stayed in most of them around the world go for a high floor they are much quieter, staff are great very helpful the hotel is in a great location for shopping and site seeing, if you get the chance stay at the Peninsula you wont be disappointed. breakfast is 5 star
bubble_40	The staff was very friendly.The room was exactly what I expected.It was very nice and clean.The security was the best.There were several security people in front of the hotel.They were also walking around inside the hotel.We had breakfast there and it was first class.We really enjoyed our meal.
bubble_50	I love The Peninsula New York and was recently there for an evening in Manhattan and staying at The Peninsula New York is like a home away from home - an incredible property in the best part of town and with the most wonderful team working there - from the doormen to the front desk (Samir is the best) to the housekeepers and to the administration team that has taken care of me and my family for many years.  This trip was no different --- and if you ever have an opportunity to stay at The Peninsula New York, you surely won't be disappointed -- this is a gem of a hotel.
bubble_50	We just stayed last week at the Peninsula like every year for this time of the year. This is an oasis of tranquility in the middle of Manhattan. Very well located in the corner of 55th and 5th avenue. Service is 5 stars, room service is outstanding. Rooms are very clean and amenities are by Oscar de la Renta, to die for! Pricey at this time of the year but well worth it!. They have the best concierge service you could imagine. This hotel is a most!
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York is - Tradition,  great luxury service, excellent location and comfortable suites. The hotel is close to Central Park, shopping at 5th Avenue and most of central business locations. I love to come here since many years as Manager as well as tourist. It offers you all amenities of a top hotel, plus a swimming pool at 22nd floor. Take a cup of coffee there, relax (starting at 5:30h) and take served full breakfast (no buffet) in the dining room.  I will come back!
bubble_50	The Peninsula in New York City is a luxury offering and although quite pricey offers the best of what a first class establishment can provide. Rooms are comfortable although a bit on the small side with drawer space badly distrubuted in three or four different places. Bathroom amentities are plentiful and replenished daily. The service is impeccable. Breakfast at the hotel's restaurant is outstanding in terms of variety but also on the expensive side with a Continental breakfast (bread basket, juice and coffee) priced at almost $40 dollars. The Spa and pool are unique in Manhattan and offer a nice respite from the hassle of shopping or theatre-going in mid-town where the Peninsula is located (just of Fifth Avenue at 55th street). All in all a very nice hotel if you want one of
bubble_50	Spent just a night! From the hair salon to the octopus at the restaurant to the lovely rooftop bar-truly a fabulous hotel! And the location is just a cherry on top-right next the 5th avenue. Lots of shops and brilliant restaurants within a 300m radius. One of my favourites in the city :)
bubble_50	stayed here for an extended weekend and wanted to give the hotel  a five star review because they earned it!  great location and service, fun rooftop bar too!  will be staying again, everything was walkable and it was easy to get downtown from location.
bubble_50	I love this place. The location is fantastic, service always great, and rooms roomy and, most importantly, warmly designed. You really feel like "wow, this would be a cool bedroom." As opposed to the Palace, object of my current ire (!), which can often suffer from surly service and, in my opinion, large but cold - almost indifferent - rooms. Will most certainly come back.
bubble_50	My wife has lived and traveled extensively in NYC... specifically Manhattan. She always stays at The Peninsula. The staff is fantastic! Our Concierges, Victoria and Faisal got us what ever we wanted.....Tickets to sold out shows, reservations at hard to get into restaurants, they can do it all!! The rooms tend to be small but very comfortable. The rooftop bar is awesome and the hotel, located at 55 and 5th Ave is close to many great museums, restaurants and stores. It's expensive, but what in NYC isn't. If you stay at the Peninusla, your money will be well spent!
bubble_50	It's difficult for a hotel of this stature to live up to its reputation, but The Peninsula New York most certainly did. While the rooms eschew the modern, trendy style that competitors like the Mandarin embrace, the result is a peaceful oasis in the heart of a vibrant, if at times chaotic, city. Our room was a Grand Luxe room, but I've no doubt that all room classes are excellent.  What sets The Peninsula, and truly any great hotel, apart from the crowd is the service. Equal parts unobtrusive, and determined to please, every interaction with the staff was handled with effortless warmth and aplomb. Tas, a member of the concierge team, was especially helpful.  Minor quibbles include wishing Salon de Ning (the rooftop bar) was accessible from the lobby level (there is a door for
bubble_50	I have stayed in the Peninsula in Hong Kong and found it to be a wonderful hotel. Therefore when making a trip to New York to pick up my elderly parents disembarking from a cruise, I chose the Peninsula New York. In retrospect this was a fortuitous choice. The quiet, dignified welcome; the quick check-in was just what I expected. The facilities were, also as expected, very nice. I used the swimming pool and steam bath.  But where the hotel really helped me was upon the arrival of my 90 year old father and my 85 year old mother. My Father was very sick (104 fever) when he got off the cruise ship. We went back to the Peninsula and rechecked in. The staff provided wheelchairs and got my parents to their room.  Unfortunately, my father's condition worsened and I had to call the
bubble_50	Though I live in DC, I have stayed at the Peninsula a number of times over the years - most recently twice in the last 2 months - (in fact my parents stayed at the Gotham Hotel in the same location back in the 50's!!) and am going back in December. I have never been disappointed. I have stayed at many top hotels throughout the world and the Peninsula ranks right up there. The staff is wonderful - very friendly and helpful. The Concierge desk (I always ask for Taz) can work wonders. Don't be afraid to ask them for hard to get reservations and suggestions if you don't have any place specific in mind. Yes the rates are high - but so are other top hotels in NY as well as in other world cities. The Gotham Lounge is open again and serves a very nice high tea. Location can not be beat.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Peninsula in New York for a week with my teenage daughter.  The reason for choosing the Peninsula over and above any other hotels in New York was due to its location - which I think is perfect.  My daughter and I had a great time walking everywhere from the hotel.  We stayed at a standard double room, the room itself was not as great as I'd expected, I would rate it average for a 5 star hotel.  The bathroom set up was old fashioned, didn't have a separate shower.   I was disappointed that at the room rate of USD500+ per night, there was no tea/coffee making facility in the room, I had to go up to the swimming pool area in order to get a free cup of tea or coffee.   Having said that, I love the bed sheets in the room, the best ever compare to all the other hotels
bubble_50	Stayed at the Peninsula New York.  It's great.  Nice, clean and classy.  It's located at the most convenient location in NYC, just steps away from the Apple Store, FAO Schwartz, the 5th Avenue shopping area, Columbus circle and Central Park.    The rooms are large and the amenities are readily available.    But if there is one drawback, it's too expensive for its calibre.
bubble_30	Regis,Ritz they are all the same in NYC. I feel bad for tourist that come to NYC and save to stay in a $1200 a night hotel suite. First it's not a suite. It's a regular room that they call a suite. A tiny 400 square foot room. A suite would be $2500. So don't be fooled first timers. You will not get this great special treatment in these hotels. This is not Pretty Women and you will not get a penthouse.  I talk to so many tourist that are expecting something spectacular like out of a movie. It is not the case. Drinks at the bar are 20 bucks a beer $14. I would stay at the hilton which is a block down on 6 th. Just saying.
bubble_30	We booked afternoon tea here before going to New York as it was 'THE' place to have afternoon tea, in the Gotham Lounge. When we arrived no one had a note of our booking and the Gotham Lounge was shut for renovation??? Why not do this in the winter?? We were shown to a low table in the corner of the bar to have our champagne afternoon tea. Whilst the food and drink was exceptional the fact we were stuck in the corner of the bar and everyone around was talking business and on mobile phones it didn't have the atmosphere we were expecting. Wouldn't be inclined to recommend this experience if this is the level of service from a very expensive, upmarket hotel. The drinks list was extortionate, better heading round the corner to Trump Tower.
bubble_30	The location it s excellent ,the hotel it s clean and nicely furnished ,the staff it s nice ,but not very efficient ,the food from room service  it s very good but they bring the wrong orders,you have to call them 2 ,3 times to get it right . Comparing with other 5 star hotels it s not a bad one to stay for short period !
bubble_50	It' s maybe the fifth time we stay at this hotel and for me it's the best ! Yes rooms are a little small but everything is so perfect that you can go over it ! We where with our small kids , 8 and 5 years old and we stayed in a excecutive suite . Kids slept in a sofabed in the living room and everyday they closed the sofa and made the bed with new linen. We stayed in a lot of hotels of the same category and this is the only one in wich we had this service. The only concern about the room is the view: paying more than 2 tousend $ at night I expected something better ! Room service is very good and there is also a beautiful roof top terrace where you can have a cocktail and a stunning view of the city.  We will be back soon !
bubble_40	Stayed for one night at the Peninsula in July, booked through an Amex offer. Have stayed at other Peninsulas and this was my first in NY. Check-in, whilst efficient, seemed a bit disdainful maybe actually. The room I was given had no view whatsoever and was very dark with almost no natural light in the peak summer...  Apart from these issues, great hotel, friendly doormen. Ordered room service once and had breakfast, both of which were excellent. The TV was outdated (had to yank it out a bit to plug in my hdmi) but otherwise the room was great...
bubble_50	We stayed for one night during a weekend trip to NYC. We must have been upgraded to the junior suite we ended up in but this room was incredible! A large room with a great view overlooking 5th avenue, a bathroom with separate toilet, tub and shower. The room was was a luxurious retreat after a long day of dealing with crowds and walking for miles. I wish we could have stayed longer and enjoyed the hotel amenities. Service was friendly, they held onto our luggage before checkin and after checkout so we didn't need to lug it around the city. My only issue was the bedding. A comfy bed but the bedding wasn't up to par, possibly because we requested non-down bedding due to allergies. Still, it was more comfortable than some of the hypoallergenic bedding we've had at other luxury
bubble_40	We went with our family to visit the big apple and really enjoyed our stay at the Peninsula! The hotel has a great position right on Fifth Avenue. Fantastic for shopping and a first visit of the Big Apple. The concierge is fantastic and the rooms are quit big for New york standards. The roof top bar has spectacular views. The restaurants were closed so we had to take our breakfast in a conference room which was not really great but they offered free room service so after the first morning we took breakfast in the room which was spectacular!!! The children loved it! The staff were very childfriendly!
bubble_50	I think I am broken for any other hotel in NY.  How do I go back to other hotels when I have enjoyed this one so much?!  The service was outstanding, the room was lovely.  There is nothing that I would say as bad about this hotel.  I sure hope I am able to stay there again as this was such a wonderful stay.
bubble_10	This hotel was one of the worse experiences I had for a trip... First of all the room was much smaller than depicted in the pictures online...Our bathtub drain would not work so we had to call for service to take a bath, waited a half an hour for someone to fix the tub...Only courteous staff was one older man at the door who always smiled and was courteous ...I had booked this hotel for use of the car for my MD appt's only to find out it was not available until after 10AM and my MD appt's were earlier in the day...Room was so small and the view was atrocious ... See attached pictures ...Pool was nice but if you have kids wanting to splash around and have fun other people looked at you like you were annoying them as it is located by the spa so it is a very quiet atmosphere ...I
bubble_50	I do not understand why it is ranked #87 in NYC.  I personally think it is the best in NYC!  I have stayed in numerous Peninsula hotels, Hong Kong, Beverly Hills, NYC, London, and found all to be excellent.   The NYC location could not be better, right in the middle of 5th Avenue shopping, easy access to Broadway theaters, and wonderful choices for food and drinks.
bubble_30	All the public areas have had lots of money, well spent on them, but our experience of the bedrooms, based on two rooms and consultation would reveal them to be poorly cleaned and maintained. Our bathroom was a disgrace, badly stained. Carpets in room were very old and dirty. Other than that the hotel is well placed to explore New York on foot. Close to Empire State, Madison Square Gardens, Macy's, etc. the tour buses also depart from Penn Station (across the road).
bubble_40	Good hotel in a splendid position, with rooms a little bit too small for the price you pay. Service is decent, but in NYC service is never great I am afraid. Very good breakfast and breakfast area, lobby too small
bubble_50	I went to New York to celebrate my birthday so decided to treat myself to a stay at the Peninsula.  My room was amazing and the bathroom incredible.  Also free wifi which seems to be a rarity and so important for foreign travelers.  The staff were all very accommodating and I felt like a VIP.  I did a free yoga class while I was there which was a great way to start the day and the pool is a great way to cool off after a long day walking in the city.  You can help yourself to tea and coffee throughout the day plus bottled water.  And the spa is top notch too with great service.  The location cannot be beaten being a few blocks from Central Park and MOMA.  I highly recommend this hotel and look forward to my next trip.
bubble_40	Rooms were nicely furnished, tubs were large.  TV in bathroom.  Historic church view was nice.  Very close to great shopping.  Wife said Spa was her favorite of all the ones we have visited anywhere.  Staff was very accommodating to my wife's vegetarian diet. However, lobby has been known to be filled with music that does not match the elegant ambience.  I didn't hover, so not exactly sure exactly where it was originating.  However, it was very out of place.  Then on a personal preference, it is too far from central park.  I really like having coffee and a nice walk in the park in the morning hours.  However, for shopping this is a great hotel.
bubble_40	The Peninsula Hotel in NY is located on the 5th Avenue, 5mn walk of Central Park.  The hotel has one restaurant and a rooftop bar. Otherwise, there is the spa on the 21st Floor and the fitness with the swimming pool on the 22nd Floor.  The service at the reception and the concierge are good and professional. A contrary the doormen who are sleepingand are not so pleasant.   I had a luxurious suite on the 20th Floor. Except the view which I havent as the surrounding buildings   The room was nice and quiet big, large TV screen, free Internet access, shower and bath with a TV screen.  I asked for a charger and they bring me two instantly.   The negative points are that there is no icebox in the corridor but you have to call to have it. Also one think " amazed me " : the lack
bubble_50	This is an excellent hotel from the minute that we arrived we were treated like VIPs We were met at the door by the guest relations manager, check in was smooth and out room was lovely, very spacious with a huge TV and a very large bathroom.  The service was first class and the breakfast was very good indeed.  As the weather was good we spent a lot of time on the roof terrace, which was great, the bar service was good as was the lunch, the spa is also excellent.  This hotel is right in the heart of the city, great for shopping, close to central park.  Nothing was too much trouble for the staff.  Will definitely be coming back.
bubble_50	Stayed here with family and they were very attentive to our needs. A member of our party is handicapped, and they went above and beyond to accommodate some of our special needs.  Concierge was top-notch.  They really pay attention to detail.  When we arrived in our suite we were met with a selection of goodies, including cupcakes that had Columbia University's crest included.  This was a nice touch, since we were in town for a graduation and I had mentioned it when making the reservations.  Suite was well appointed and maintained.  Service was great.  The only complaint I have is the dearth of taxis during busy times.  While they do attempt to hail taxis for you, since it is such a busy location it took a long time.   Since this is a five-star hotel, they really need to do a
bubble_50	My wife and I spent a few days at the hotel. Amazing service, very spacious and well maintained rooms. Expert concierge services for amazing restaurant recommendations. Thanks Victoria and Faisal. A rooftop bar with an amazing view of the city with 5 star service. Highly recommended hotel in a great location.
bubble_40	This was our second stay. The bell staff and concierge are top level. Disappointed that we did not get Am Express upgrade. Desk agent showed us to a junior suite that "was one of her favorites with a great view." Alas, no view at all. Our previous stay in a less expensive room had a great view and bath window. Speaking of baths, the peninsula does not disappoint here. Gorgeous and huge, with TV in the tub. We had children with us. Previously they received a teddy bear, crayons, etc. This time, nothing. It was very strange. I still love this hotel. It's the best location in town but for the price, the room and lack of special touches in room (not knowing out name, etc) was below standards we previously enjoyed here.
bubble_40	. not as good as the one in bangkok. the rooms are great and well maintained, looks like they just had an overhaul of the place. Great location right on 5th avenue and only a short stroll to the park. The only downside for me is the service, staff is not as welcoming as I would have expected. Having recently stayed at the Peninsula in Bangkok, wow there is a world difference in between both places. The restaurant breakfast was however good, the Clements restaurant itself is wonderful
bubble_40	The Peninsula Hotel was a very nice experience for my wife and myself.  The location was perfect (55th Avenue and 5th), and the staff were very accommodating.  The room that they gave us was supposed to be non-smoking, but when we entered it, we noticed a strong cigarette smell.  We  contacted the front desk, and they were very apologetic, and immediately offered us another room with an upgrade.
bubble_30	Just back from our stay in NY, we spent 5 nights at the Peninsula Hotel. The Hotel has a perfect location, just a few blocks away from Central Park, the MOMA, Times Square, main luxury shops and department stores etc. We were very disappointed by the quality of service and overall by efficiency of the staff. This is not what you would expect from usually high standard in Peninsula Hotel around the world. Don't expect the kind of attentive service you usually would get in a  5 stars hotel across Europe. The only area of the hotel where we found high class standards was at the SPA and in the gym. The Spa is absolutely stunning, therapist are very kind and will do all they can to meet your desires. There is also a separate area ladies/men with sauna, steam room and relaxing area.
bubble_50	We just returned from NYC staying at the Peninsula hotel. The location of the hotel is really central, the service impeccable and the style of the hotel has a nice mixture of traditional and modern. The rooms are very spacious and nice and the hotel has a nice Spa and Pool area as well as rooftop terrace to relax. We would definately stay at the hotel again on our return to NYC
bubble_50	This is probably the best hotel in NY if you have kids.  NY is a very stressy place and kids get very tired, so it is good to use the hotel spa and pool. Everybody in the Peninsula is very attencious and kind and we were very well treated during our stay there.  It is expensive as it is everything in NY, but the price/performance is good.
bubble_40	Still one of the best located hotels in the city. If you like boutique style hotels, this is one of the best in New York.  I stayed here a few times when it first opened and everything was just great...even the service. Unfortunately, although it's still a fine hotel, the service is not up to par considering the usually high Peninsula standards.
bubble_40	Peninsula Hotel is located in the center of Manhattan, NYC, around the corner of 5th Avenue. A lot of landmarks are only feet away including MOMA, Rockefeller Center, Broadway theaters and Central Park. This hotel provides luxurious experience. You can enjoy indoor swimming pools, central park and the entire Manhattan on the roof.  There are definitely more guests than THE SETAI,Miami. Due to the traffic, we have to park the car in the hotel. Three days of parking fee and tips add up to $320.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Peninsula last week, combination business and pleasure..  The hotel was beautiful and very clean. The bathroom was very large and amazing. We had 3 people in our room and it was very comfortable. It is located in the perfect location for walking to many different sights.  The staff was very professional and friendly.  We would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family.
bubble_10	The service for this $1000/night hotel was atrocious. When I got to the hotel, the bellman just snarled at me and took my luggage from the trunk begrudgingly . He didn't even greet me. Usually you would expect "hello sir are you checking in" I arrived at the hotel at around 8pm on Sat 19 July .  I then had to go to dinner and returned at around 11pm and I need a 3 pin plug converter. I called the operator and she said it would be up in 10 mins. 30 mins later still no sign of the plug. I called again but no one answered. 15 mins later a guy showed up at my door but didn't say anything and just shoved the adaptor in my hand . Maybe I woke him up ? He said nothing then walked off. This hotel is severely understaffed after normal hours. You would expect the service level to be the
bubble_50	Excellent location, extremely comfortable and quiet room, nice and not too large common area, very good equipment and facilities. Nice pool and SPA.  Wonderful roof top bar. Helpful staff and friendly doormen. All is made for you feel at home. Last but not least : worth every penny you spend, which is quite rare in NYC... A small secret : it's my favorite in the Big Apple since more than 20 years without any disappointment!
bubble_50	I stayed at The Peninsula while in Manhattan for a business trip a couple weeks back and was blown away.  Having stayed in Manhattan before, I'm used to extremely small rooms and not much in terms of amenities.  I couldn't believe how beautiful (and big) the room was!  Very spacious with a huge bathroom.  Walk-in, marble shower, separate toilet area, and very deep bathtub with a television!  Oscar de la Renta toiletries.  They have different light switches in the rooms for mood lighting and regular lighting.  Book lights on the beds and a little 'control station' right by the bed that controls the lights, temperature, tv, everything!  Was a really cool room with great bed too.  Even had turndown service.  Front desk girl was incredibly helpful and when I asked a simple question,
bubble_50	Arrived laste on a Thursday eveniong to a warm welcome, first by the bell boys who took our bags straight away , and then by the friendly receptionist.  We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite.  The suite was gorgeous.  There was a living room with huge TV, amazing bathroom (huge bath, sink, seperate toilet cubicle and seperate shower) and then the bedroom - the bed was very large and incredible comfortable.  I can't fault the room hardly at all, my only dissapointment was the lack of tea/coffee making facilities. The hotel has a reasonably well equiped gym which has a great view, and a swimming pool/spa.  I didn't make use of the pool but I had a look inside and it looks very relaxing and calm. I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant or visit the rooftop bar but the
bubble_50	The Peninsula service ist still on top of all. The rooms are not the biggest in NYC, but you fell very good and the light and air-condition panel beside the bed is still the best. Also you can`t beat the location, the spa and the rooftop bar. I had breakfast included and it was great. The downside is that a lot of restrictions over the years occurred. The last is the the access to the outside terrace at the spa with great views of the Fifth Av, Central Park and the Skyline is very restricted. No access in the morning and the evening. They should rethink this if they want me back for the rate the have now.
bubble_50	If you are in NYC and looking for a unique place to have a drink then go to the rooftop at The Peninsula.  The view is to die for.  You need to get there before happy hour starts or you won't get a seat or get waited on.  It is always crowded but well worth the effort.
bubble_50	We were greeted from our car by an extraordinary concierge team and checking in was a breeze. After check in, we were guided up to our floor and stayed in a Grand Deluxe Room . This room had a double bed and perfectly fit one adult and two children. At the time of arrival, the room had a nice array of foods and snacks available.       The bathroom was great featuring a in bathtub television, this was great to watch and relax. The shower was a little small but was nice overall. There was a blow dryer included in the bathroom and it also contained a nice amount of towels and towelettes.       I loved how the room had an all in one remote, but the universal remote excluded the television as it had a separate control.      Checkout was as easy as check in. We had to request a
bubble_50	We had a fabulous suite with 3rd night free  try rm 501 beautiful overlooking  5th ave What I like the best is the spa  Great pool , gym with a view of the city  We invited friends to meet us in the roof top bar and they loved the experience
bubble_50	Very good location, first class service, nice and quiet rooms, very good gym. Nice feeling to swim on the 20th floor:) At breakfast try the lobster dish. Been staying here twice now. First time in june 2013 and now in april 2014. Will return !
bubble_50	Where shall I start? First of all as soon as I checked in I've found out I've got upgraded to a Junior Suite...I can't think of a better way to begin a short break in NYC! The room was spot on...beautiful bathroom, stunning bedroom and the views of the 5th avenue from all the windows were just impressive. The bed must have been the most comfortable I have been staying in a long time. I have stayed in other 5 star properties before and what makes The Peninsula stand out from the crowd is definitely the people who work there: I couldn't have felt more welcome! High rating hotels can be intimidating at times...well this place will make you feel like at home. Little tip: don't miss out the roof top bar! Only regret I have....not allowing myself enough time to try the indoor pool.
bubble_30	When you hear the word the Peninsula you think of elegance, asian hospitality, utmost attention to details and luxury. Not the case with the Peninsula in New York. It really feels like a step brother hotel - has the same name but different DNA. It is a nice hotel, staff is friendly, rooms are ok-nice but there are many hotels like that in New York with more than half time cheaper. The lobby keeps the old world run down luxury feel. Frontdesk area is a bit dark and is not very welcoming. The staff at frontdesk could be more welcoming. I arrived after 12 hours of flying and was not looking at my best and felt I was being profiled and questioned by a disinterested officer rather than by welcoming frontdesk staff. I was not asked for help with my luggage, neither I was offered to be
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York is truly a five star property. Many five star hotels are not true five star hotels anymore, but this one is. It is very posh, but in an understated, tasteful way. The rooms are extremely comfortable. I received an upgrade and the staff could not have been more accommodating. They actually have enough staff to attend to guests upon arrival and the bellman was superb. They understand customer service and respond to requests immediately. The room service food was not as good as I would have liked - it was just okay -  but there are plenty of options for dining in the area. This hotel is centrally located for Central Park, shopping on Fifth Avenue, and top restaurants. It reminds me of an elegant old British hotel that has been maintained very well and not
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York, one of the top luxury hotels of the city, practices what I may call bygone understated sophistication of the service-oriented golden age of grand hotels back in the earlier part of the last century.Staff greet you wherever you are, at breakfast they bring you newspaper and tries to meet your every need in seating, etc. All done in an unobtrusive way.  The rooms are great, being "home like", and well-equipped with everything. I was wondering why there was no water kettle (there was a real coffee maker though but not the same), then they actually bring a tray with kettle and top quality tea bags. The location, 55 St on 5 Av cannot be better, as both Central Park and Times Square are a short walk away. The top floor spa and terrace offer excellent view of
bubble_50	You'd expect to hear good things about a top-notch, 5 star hotel but in my experience they don't always match expectations. The Peninsula does. It is old fashioned without being ostentatiously so, beautifully appointed with oak and marble. The service is superb from the bell-hops, to reception to room service. The beds are huge and super-comfortable.nthe bathroom is excellent. There is a large deep tub, with a TV at one end so you can have a good soak while watching Jeopardy (if you must!). The toiletries are by Oscar de la Renta and there were plenty of them. Nothing wrong with that at all but they were a little underwhelming to me. The location is fantastic - just a five minute walk down 5th Avenue to Rockefeller Plaza and Saks 5th Avenue. Recommended.
bubble_50	I am a big fan of The Peninsula and I always try to stay there when I go to New York.  The rooms are comfortable and the bed is amazing. I usually don't sleep very well in hotel beds but the peninsula's is an exception.  The location is great, new Central Park. The gym and spa are excellent and they have a strong wifi signal throughout the hotel, which is great for both work and leisure.
bubble_50	My family and I stayed at the Peninsula over Easter Weekend and had a wonderful time.  The Peninsula staff are so welcoming, helpful and knowledgeable!  My two daughters immediately became devoted fans of the Peninsula the moment we checked in when were presented with a cute stuffed bunny in honor of the Easter holiday.  We registered for the Easter Egg decorating event which was so special for the kids.  They decorated these impressive chocolate eggs under the supervision of a pastry chef, enjoyed a buffet and the magic show.  It was a great way to celebrate the holiday, and the cost of the event was reasonable.  The room was immaculate and had some very thoughtful touches (try the nightlight feature).  The pool was amazing!  Would love to spend another holiday weekend at the
bubble_50	Really super hotel in true Peninsula style, quality hotel, great service, relaxing, non pretentious, great location would recommend...always difficult to get a great bed in a hotel, look no further.... Did not experience breakfast in the hotel so unable to comment.
bubble_40	This is my second stay as the 4 seasons only had suites.  I arrived around 10pm and grabbed a bite at the Gotham, which was good quality but poor service.  I tore my pants on the sharp-edged table which was also annoying.  The room was excellent, clean and with good amenities.  Breakfast next day was superb, and service excellent.  The lack of a lobby is inconvenient when you are waiting and my breakfast guests wandered lost before finding me. I liked the hotel and the location is superb but it's not the four seasons.
bubble_50	My second stay here during a business trip and it was as lovely as the first. I checked in late during a weeknight and was taken care of fairly quickly and painlessly. The room I had this time was not as big as the last but had all the necessities and the luxuries; toiletries, soft slippers, bathrobes, plentiful flannels and towels! The bed was huge and super comfortable. The alarm clock became very useful for my early mornings and it was lovely to be able to turn the lights off from the same device without getting out of bed.   I never normally use hotel toiletries but with cabin-only luggage space was limited and the hotels toiletries turned out to be very good  shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, cotton buds, cotton pads were all used! Heavily perfumed but
bubble_50	Given the plentiful excellent hotel options in NYC, my wife and I were glad we didn't get adventurous and choose to return to the Peninsula for a recent long weekend.  Upon arrival we were upgraded to a very nice and spacious one bedroom suite on an upper floor with good views both north towards the park and west.  The location is perfect for us, close to the park, most of the main shopping venues, and even walkable to the theater district if you enjoy a brisk walk on city streets as do we.  The Peninsula has a sophisticated but low key vibe with an international clientele.  It wasn't a surprise that we were seated at breakfast next to a famous Hollywood producer/director, but no one there would think of intruding on someone like that's privacy (I do however wish my hearing was
bubble_50	One of the best locations in New York for a five star hotel. Located on fifth ave and 55th street. And the perk in this city is the complimentary van that shuttles guests to the theater by reservation.  A lovely gesture at a time when taxis are invisible. The service is lovely as it should be in a five star hotel.  The bar is elegant as are the restaurants, the pool and spa.  This is a gracious home away from home - peaceful and quiet.  If it's a noisy lobby you want, head to Times Square.  The luxe rooms are on the smaller side but well equipped and soothingly furnished.  No garish colors here. Subdued and tasteful.  Breakfast is ax pensive but one expects take in a five star hotel n New York.  But, again, the location is so good that you can walk everywhere.
bubble_30	We just spent 6 nights at The Peninsula New York. Luckily, we got a great deal on Hotwire - I'll tell you why. At around US$1,000 per night, you would expect the service and amenities to be over the top. Well, it is not. For example, no coffee making or tea making facilities in the room. You can ask for a kettle, but tea will cost you US$25 + tax + service! Likewise, there is no shaving kit, no toothbrush or toothpaste. The service is nice so long as they are expecting a tip - if not, forget it! Especially I felt the concierge was more there to line his own pockets rather than be helpful towards guests. On the positive side, the location is the best in NYC. The gym is probably the best in a NYC hotel. The pool is excellent and there are free gym classes.
bubble_50	Good location - soft service ,  one of hotels  on right level. Room will be clean with a good taste furniture, bathroom was quite  big & wide! Im always recognize that hotel with a good impression Highly recommended!
bubble_40	We stayed at the Peninsula for our quick trip to New York. I have to say the location is very convenient (3 min walk from the E line) with almost everything within walking distant. Our plan was to arrive early and leave our luggage at the hotel; instead, the front desk not only upgraded us but also found a room for our extremely early check-in (around 11:00 am). We were able to walk to the New York public library and buy our broadway tickets, then returned the hotel for a quick swim before the show.   I used the female spa, the lady who helped me get acclimated was very nice. The gym was not too busy that day and I was the only one in the steam room. The individual shower room was great, water was hot enough with good pressure from both rain shower and hand-held shower heads.
bubble_40	Our weekend stay was very pleasant. We were able to check in by noon and were given an upgrade to a room overlooking 5th Ave. The bathroom was huge and there was plenty of closet space. We used the gym and pool, which were lovely. The hotel is in a very convenient location for shopping and Central Park. It is a bit longer to walk to the theaters. There is no real lobby area for relaxing, except a small bar on the second floor. Thus there is no real "wow" factor as you enter. The negative for us was in the area of service. When you are paying as much as you do here, it should be perfect. We had a package which included a bottle of champagne which was to be delievered on the evening of our arrival. It was not and we had to ask for it the second day. Service in Elaine's was slow as
bubble_50	A great location just off 5th avenue, quite a low key stylish hotel.  Comp wi-fi and impeccable service with well appointed rooms.  We had massages in the spa which was fantastic and relaxing, regarded as one of the best spas in New York.
bubble_40	Great location: if you are traveling with a long shopping list.  Professional concierge: we asked the info about the Woodbury outlets, after 5 mins, we received one envelop with the store map in outlets, the bus station and a full bus timetables. Awesome!  The suite size is a bit smaller than what we expected, however, not a big issue.  The thing we like most for this hotel, is the Mini Cooper service. Our driver, Ramon, is very professional. We told him the places we would like to visit in Manhattan, and he planned everything for us, even chose the best route for us. During the 2.5 hours driving, he told us a lot interesting stories happened in this city, and made our day much better and more colorful than a simple sightseeing.  We will recommend our friends to come over and
bubble_50	Went here on Saturday 29th March for dinner with my girlfriend as we were in New York on holiday.  Had a few drinks in the rooftop bar, where the drinks were great and the staff unbelievably nice and attentive.   In the restuarant the waiters were very friendly, which is nice being in such an expensive and quite frankly posh place.   I went to toilet and told waiters I was going to propose after the meal. They had champagne waiting and followed me to the table. Was a perfect way to do it. Afterwards they brought out a fantastic desert with the date of the engagement on it.  We then went back up to the bar on the roof and had a wonderful time drinking and have the craic with the fellas working there.  It's expensive, but save up a little and have a blowout here. Top place and top
bubble_40	The ever present friendly professional staff were as attentive as you would think in a swanky place like this. The room as small as ours was, was clean but we did find the pervious guests discarded bubblegum in our drinking glasses.  Great linens and no bedspreads of course! Loved the radio controls in the bathtub but we didn't care for the electric controls for the entire room which reset our Do Not Disturb setting every time we flipped the switch!
bubble_50	Do not stay in this hotel if you have to stay somewhere unpleasant afterwards.  We celebrated our second wedding anniversary at this hotel. We stayed in a suite that had glorious views but no street noise. Everything about our stay was amazing. Possibly the best two nights of our USA trip. We loved our private tour of NYC in the mini, returning to drinks at the roof top bar each night, and beautiful breakfasts in the morning. The service was exceptional - I don't know how they knew when we were leaving/returning, but every time we came back to our room there were new flowers, or a fresh bucket of ice, a bottle of champagne or a personalised cake to help us celebrate. We didn't use the gym, but the spa was so restful and the treatments were excellent.   Looking forward to our
bubble_50	I stay at the Peninsula whenever I'm in NY.  It is one of the best hotels I have ever staid at.  Pricey but worth it.  Service is amazing, and you absolutely can not hear the street no matter what floor you are on.  Black granite counter tops, and linens to die for.  Just a perfect amazing hotel.
bubble_40	This hotel delivers a great experience - like the other Peninsula hotels. Location on 5th a few blocks from Central Park is perfect for business trips and convenient if you are looking for a midtown/uptown New York experience. Staff is helpful and courteous, spa and fitness facilities are very good and located on 21st floor (unlike the cellar experience of some other luxury hotels). Rooftop terrace is hard to beat when the wheather is good. Go for an outward facing room, the rooms which face the inner courtyard can feel a bit dark and does not give you the city view you want when in New York. If travelling with your family, I would consider: the neighborhood is hectic and shopping mainly consists of high end brands (Prada, Chanel etc), although there is an Abercrombie & Fitch
bubble_20	Pros:If your looking for a good spa in the city to go to this is the place Bathrooms are nice Bartender is awesome but drinks are $30 each Cons: $106 for eggs and bacon Vultures at every corner looking to pick pocket you Room is glorified cell   Don't believe the hype . A pretentious hotel for Madoff like travelers who think they know class , like getting ripped and somehow think its normal for some thug who dines at Popeyes telling u prices on menu are fair.  Tip : stay downtown or buy a penthouse if your so rich
bubble_40	A hotel in the fifth avenue in NYC is in the best place possible. With old time charm, and excellent service, this is a small hotel that cares for every detail.  Concierge service is perhaps the best in NYC, making arrangements for theater, restaurant reservations and car rentals.
bubble_50	Continuing the caliber of Peninsula's worldwide, New York City's outpost is a bastion of civility and subtle elegance.  Ideal Midtown/Fifth Avenue location, one of the best spas in Manhattan, rooftop pool serves a tranquil oasis in the heart of the bustling city.  Da Ning bar provides idyllic al fresco setting, perfect for Happy Hour then turns into sexy lounge after dinner.
bubble_50	I had the pleasure of staying at the NY Peninsula for a 4 night long weekend in January 2014.  The first time to this property, I was not disappointed with the level of professionalism and hospitality that I am familiar with at other Peninsula properties in the Far East. The accommodations were pleasant and comfortable with every imaginable upgrade.  Cleanliness was impeccable with nary a thing out of place.  I rather missed the interaction with the pages at the front entrance.  I only saw two the entire visit and never at the front door.  Their smiles and wonderful habit of remembering your name by the second day is part of the charm and uniqueness that defines the Peninsula. The new main dining area Clement is a lovely spot with utmost in trendy decor.  The menu however is
bubble_50	There are some mythical hotels around the world, here is one of them... a must do!!! Ideally located upon 5th and 55th, this magnificent place have been the perfect spot down town to celebrate a cosy 2014 new years eve. Huge comfy bedding, smiling staff, and a lovely morning brunch.... What can I say, one of the best.
bubble_50	I stayed at the peninsula for 2weeks in January, junior suite for my family connected to deluxe room. It was such a perfect choice, very spacious room and bathrooms, excellent service from housekeeping, concierge services, room service and most attentive doorman!  The hotel is couple of blocks away from Central Park and on the 55th avenue street which gives you direct access to all major department stores and shops. You can also cross the block to 5th avenue and do more damage in shopping!  What I loved the most about this hotel is the quiet entrance, where you don't have to go thru lobby and seating areas when you go in and out of the hotel.  Absolutely recommend it for both business and holiday trips.
bubble_50	I always enjoy staying here. The rooms are so well thought out and prepared. The attentive team of front desk, concierge, bell, room service and house maids.   Just now, a delightful gentleman came and delivered our soy latte's with such enthusiasm, telling us all about the day, how cold it is and genuinely caring for us, and it is this level of service that makes The Peninsula GREAT.   From Ron up in the rooftop bar, to the attentive waiters in Clement, we will always come back here.  Thanks to the entire team, as always.
bubble_50	We have stayed in several hotels in the city but none compare to the Peninsula in terms of service. Many of the bell men have been there for over 10 years and greet us by name every time we return. Every staff member has a smile and happy greeting. Room service is delivered promptly and is beautifully served. Complimentary bottled water is in abundance. The staff here really work diligently to make you feel welcomed and comfortable during your stay. Highly recommend. Expensive, but worth it.
bubble_40	I must say that this is a beautiful hotel..  The pool was the main reason why we picked this hotel over the Four Seasons. Also, they advertise themselves to be a kid friendly hotel, and they did not disappoint.  The kids took advantage of the pool, and the pool staff was very helpful and always pleasant.   The room was 5 star for comfort.   My one major complaint: the room service charges were ridiculous.  It is obnoxious to charge $15 for a glass of orange juice for breakfast when you are paying over $700 a night.   Price gouging is a big turn off for me.  The location is very convenient, on 5th ave with great shopping.  Also close to Time Square, although a bit of a hike in the freezing cold.  Overall, a nice stay, but next time in NYC I will probably choose the Four Seasons
bubble_50	Perfect, perfect, perfect. From the valet parking to the rooms, to the health spa/pool overlooking 5th Ave, to the bars, Salon de Ning, Clement,  the staff, fast elevators, showers, perfect pillows, bottled water everywhere, location, architecture, everything... It was perfect. You pay for such perfection but it is there. Go and enjoy.
bubble_40	My husband and I just stayed here and had a wonderful time. The hotel is located close to shopping, theater and fine dining options. The service was fine but could use improvement. During a 3 day (cold and rainy) stay, the door men only assisted me once in getting the door. For the money you spend here you should always be greated promptly and in a friendly manner. The room was nice appointed and the layout was perfect. Room service was prompt and the breakfast was good. The spa experience was great, but the waiting rooms were uncomfortable and poorly lighted. I get the relaxed atmosphere, but I relax by reading and the lighting was very poor.
bubble_50	We stayed at the peninsula last holiday season. During this period the hotel is enchanting. Christmas carols are sung at the entrance and everything looks magic. The rooms are beautiful and up to date with the latest technology. The swimming pool on the last floor is a plus to recover from the cold weather outside, the bar on the roof is amazing  even if becomes packed soon especially when it is not possible to be outside due to the weather. Pity that they don't give priority to seating to the guests of the hotel. This should be taken care of by the hotel management. Breakfast is ok but nothing to remember of. If you stay in midtown this is the place to be.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Peninsula during the Thanksgiving weekend. We were pleased to experience a very efficient welcome service upon arrival. We were greeted whilst getting out from the taxi by a porter and then by name a minute later at the front desk- very sleek use of radio, we thought. Our rooms were ready so we didn't have to wait. Very comfortable bed but set of cupboards felt very dated and would not close properly when opened. This is not what one would expect from a hotel of this caliber... The concierge service was impeccable. We asked them to recommend venues and make dinner reservations for us for 3 nights. Frederick prompted us to leave reservations in his capable hands and so we did, with delightful choices made for us!  We went for a workout at the gym on our first
bubble_40	Take advantage of the Spa at the hotel as it is a special Zen Den. Relaxation rooms, sauna, ice baths, pool, luxury robes and towels, lunch at the pool, drinks on the roof. Great Massages and ne snacks to keep you on your toes.
bubble_30	There's no denying that the Peninsula is in many ways a lovely and top-notch hotel.  The rooms and suites are beautifully appointed, the lobby is beautiful, the usual amenities are available.  But we had a rather troubling set of experiences here and will not come back.  For example, the service at the "Gotham Lounge" is completely confused.  On our first day, as we sat there for a late lunch (our room was not ready for 1.5 hours), the waiter first got the order on the table to our left wrong and had to change it..  Then he came back to ask us again (15 minutes later) what our order was again -- he'd forgotten it.  Then he got the order on the table to our right wrong.  All of this taking place very slowly.  The food itself was fine.  Second, a room service dinner of chicken
bubble_50	My longtime partner and I traveled to New York City to be married in mid-November, and we decided that the event was too important to take a chance on just any hotel.  Having stayed at the Peninsula Hotel in Bangkok in the past, we were familiar with the chain and happily booked a Junior Suite at the Manhattan Peninsula for 9 days and we were certainly not disappointed.  Chocolate covered strawberries and champagne were waiting for us in the spacious room and things only got better after that.  Although we were both quite happy with the room and hotel facilities, it was the famous Peninsula service that was most memorable and will bring us back again.  The highlight of our stay was on our wedding day, when we learned at the last minute that the city clerks office required us to
bubble_50	While this hotel does cater to an upper class crowd, (to which I do not belong) the hotel was beautiful. If you're ok spending $800-$1600 a night and $8 for a bottle of water then you'll love this place. We were there for business but were able to squeeze in a spa treatment and it was wonderful. The spa amenities were superb. The service in the hotel was spectacular.  The rooms are contemporary and the bathrooms, while bigger than most NYC apartments, were beautiful. Spacious accommodations and a friendly staff made our stay great! Located on fifth avenue it is amidst all the couture stores and top restaurants and antique stores.  We had breakfast at Sarabeth's, dinner at Uncle Jacks, high tea at The Russian Tea Room and got in some shopping. Everything we needed was located
bubble_30	Great location, rooms are not 5 start hotel, service slow and feels old, needs something new.please talk with your peninsula hotel in Chicago. People will sacrifice location for a better hotel unless they do something
bubble_40	We needed a place to stay one night and chose The Peninsula. The rooms are quite small, but just like many other hotels in NYC. Breakfast was with extra charge. The room service was good, but nothing extraordinary. Nice hotel, with a great location.
bubble_50	I had the pleasure of staying here for 3 nights from the 1st December for work. Upon arrival the door men scooped up my bags and led me into the lobby. The lobby is currently beautifully decorated for Christmas and enhances the luxurious feel of the hotel. After being directed to the check in desk, the process was quick and smooth and I was offered a free newspaper delivered to my room every morning.   I stayed on the 15th floor in a superior room which was very luxurious. No view from the window but just what I needed to get away from the hustle and bustle of Fifth Avenue in full Christmas shopping swing! The room was wonderfully quiet and spacious. I had a king sized bed all for myself and a lovely bathroom complete with shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, sewing
bubble_30	Currently staying at Peninsula thru 12/17. I arrived on 12/9, room was ready and I asked for my luggage immediately because I had a meeting in 30 minutes. Well luggage did not come after 20 minutes, called again and received it 10 minutes later which made me late for my meeting. Tonight my wife arrived, called and asked if we had to be in room to receive luggage, answer was "no" they would put it in room. We returned 3 hours later, no luggage and had to call. No one could answer why no luggage and it came after the call. The St. Regis, Mandarin Oriental, Carlyle and 4 Seasons are all far superior to Peninsual and all around the same price.  Personally, while I stayed here before, I will never return. Problem is I am here for next 6 nights when I could be at a better, more
bubble_50	Big group of 24 of us for 4 nights over Thanksgiving weekend. Every member of staff was attentive and keen to help. Lovely superior room on the 10th floor. With a regular supply of delightful confectionary. Cocktails at $25 on the rooftop bar with essential view down Fifth Ave. Lovely spa, pool's quite small but hey it's on the 22nd floor. Fantastic breakfast but make sure you're hungry - it's massive and about $50 each. If you can afford it, the classic elegance and great location make the Peninsula number 1 choice.
bubble_10	We booked this reputed Five Star hotel about a month in advance of our December visit.  We booked a Superior King Room.  What we got was a tiny, cramped room that couldn't fit our luggage opened with room remaining to walk around the room without stepping over it--or into it.  (See photos).  The closet was a cupboard (see photo), and the room had a total of three drawers (not counting the one drawer they took up for the hair dryer), so unpacking was not an option.  We asked for a different room and were told we were out of luck, all booked.  I washed my hands and she took a short shower.  The room obviously had not been inspected because both drains stopped up and did not drain.  (See photos).  When I tried to show this photo of the slow drain to a night manager, he looked at it
bubble_50	Great location with first class staff make this hotel the best place to stay in New York. The gym and spa are excellent and with the views from the roof top bar amazing this was an incredible place to spend thanks giving weekend in the city.
bubble_30	The good part is the staff is excellent and so is the location.  We have stayed at this property three times before and also at the Peninsula is Hong Kong, Chicago and Los Angeles.  The Peninsula has always been one of my favorite hotels in the world.  The staff always superb, the hotels clean and the rooms "crisp".  This NYC started out with a room upgrade and then went downhill from there.  The suite was dark and not particularly clean.  The turn down service came after I called and requested it after 9:00.  When I turned down the sheets to get into the bed, the sheets were stained.  It wasn't a new stain, but one that was embedded into the sheets, not a pretty or comforting sight.   The HVAC control system has been upgraded, but it seems the mechanical aspect of it wasn't.
bubble_30	This hotel its in good price and best location, just a few steps from time square and theater district so for me was great. lobby, rooms good I can recommend this hotel if you go alone with friends or family.
bubble_50	Moving to this hotel from Ritz Carlton, the room is a little bit smaller, but the staffs are much friendlier and helpful.  Although part of the lobby is under renovation at the time, the breakfast is excellent (although sometime it is quite crowded with limited available tables)...
bubble_50	This hotel deserves the great reviews, however on the flip side, when a room costs $1,000 and up a night, would one expect anything less than stellar service? Hotels like The London NYC and Omni Berkshire Place offer nice rooms for around $300-$500 a night, so if "five star service" is what you desire, expect to spend a stiff premium for it at the Peninsula.
bubble_50	This hotel was in the perfect location, only a short walk away from times square, central park and it is right in the middle of all the shops on Fifth Avenue. Inside the hotel was lovely, with a nice reception and lobby, and the swimming pool and changing spa facilities were great too with the swimming pool having a great view looking down fifth avenue to central park. The room was gorgeous, especially the bathroom which was beautifully decorated. Overall an amazing hotel, would definitely recommend staying there!
bubble_50	I had a fantastic stay at the Peninsula Hotel. The building architecture is neo-classical and very beautiful. The Grand Luxe room is very spacious. The bed is very comfortable. The hotel location on 5th Ave is very convenient, and close to the subway and Central Park. Every staff at the front desk is very helpful and accommodating. Breakfast at Clement is fabulous.  We forgot one of our shopping bags in the room after check-out and moving to a different hotel in Manhattan. We contacted the hotel the day after and were glad to know the housekeeping saved it for us. Thank you! This is definitely a five-star experience.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is a very expensive hotel, but it is quiet and perfectly located if you are coming to New York for business or family pleasure in midtown.  I booked the hotel using an internet discount site, yet I was treated like a King.  The rooftop bar is awesome, they have a car to take you within 15 blocks, and the room was very nice with an extremely comfortable bed.  This was worth the extra money for an extra star.
bubble_50	My favourite NY hotel.   Not the tiny, dark and stylish rooms of the newer hip hotels, but good-sized and extremely comfortable.    Restaurants and bars are great, staff are as superlative as you'd expect from a place of this caliber.
bubble_50	A magnificent palace ideally located at the heart of the most vibrant part of Manhattan the Peninsula Hotel  is a unique place to stay at NEw York and feel that you are at home.A place where refined splendours of 19th-century american architecture with the latest in contemporary comfort and elegance meets the silence, sophistication and kindness of Orient culture. Embebed in the atmosphere of luxury that is the very soul of this establishment are the amazing Spa , the sun terrace the outstanding bars and the Clement restaurant with new culinary concept .All of them combining style and contemporary chic with an impeccable service attentive but not intrusive that makes the experience of the hotel more tha unforgettable, memorable.Because beyond the  elegance and glamour of The
bubble_50	We stayed here for one night and fell in love - wish we had stayed more!  The only downside in our entire experience was really getting to the hotel for check-in because 5th Avenue was closed for the Columbus Day Parade and the taxi driver had to stop two blocks away.  Lugging our bags in the midst of the crowd was NOT fun.  However, that was quickly forgotten once we entered the doors of this hotel.  Check-in was smooth, although the room was not ready until after we had returned from our matinee performance of the NYCB at Lincoln Centre.  Service all round was top-notch and personal, from the reception who kindly extended our check-out time so that we would not have to endure too long a wait for our pick-up to the airport, to housekeeping who enquired not once but twice on the
bubble_50	I have stayed in NYC many times and this hotel by far was the most wonderful that I have stayed in. The front desk check in was seamless. A wonderful young woman named Marion check us in with ease, warmth and hospitality. We were given a lovely room with a great view. The condition of the room was excellent. Lovely bathroom with a separate shower and deep tub that had a flat screen tv in front of it. The front hallway with closet space was spacious to put your things away in with a banquette to put your shopping bags and stuff. Bed was comfy, clean and bedroom looked and felt fresh and clean.   The mini bar is stocked but it's a bit too expensive. They would sell more if the prices were not so elevated. A very small soda is 9.00. House keeping was always on time and the turn
bubble_50	This was the perfect hotel for our 5 night stay. It was in the perfect location - a 30 second walk from the renowned 5th Avenue and close enough to other attractions such as the MOMA, Rockerfeller building and Central Park. A beautiful hotel, stunning suites and friendly and efficient staff. Everything there was top-class, including the breakfastt which was wonderful too- plenty of choice and everything freshly made to order. We spend our late afternoons relaxing in the spa and swimming in the glass enclosed pool.  A high class, elegant hotel. A wonderful stay at The Peninsula!
bubble_50	Stayed for four nights at this beautiful hotel with my wife and couldn't have loved it more.  The check in was a breeze and since I'm a light sleeper I asked for a quiet room. That was no problem and our room on the 10th floor was dead silent. We did not have any view other then from the wall in front of us but I prefer sleep over view.  We had a standard room and it was relatively big. The bed was very comfortable and as were the pillows. The bathroom had a huge tub and everything looked fresh.  The hotel has complementary water bottles in your room that are replaced everyday which is a very nice touch. You can buy water at the minibar but obviously not necessary. The hotel also has a complementary WiFi and there was no problem connecting three devices (laptop and two phones).
bubble_40	The rooftop bar, floor 23, is worth a visit for an after dinner drink..lovely atmosphere, watch the lights from traffic and buildings....romantic and stylish and away from the noise and bustle that never seems to stop in New York!
bubble_40	The Peninsula has a great location midtown on 5th avenue near Central Park.  The lobby is set off from the street entrance allowing the hotel to offer privacy to its guests. The staff at the hotel look for ways to personalize your trip providing CDs of musicals that you go to see and offer every service needed for the business traveler including in room fax machines
bubble_40	Booked here for our 20th anniversary. The door and bellmen are the most wonderful and helpful people you would ever want to meet. The room is well appointed, and quiet. We even had bath salts to soak with.
bubble_50	Sadly on here for a couple of days and just passing through, but this is one of those hotels where you could envisage yourself spending an extended period of time, never getting bored of the charm of the staff and the effortless grace with the way in which the carry out their service.  In spite of a minor amount of temporary refurbishment work in the hotel belies its classic style as beneath belies an oasis of coolness and sophistication as evidenced by a fabulous rooftop bar playing cool music and serving amazing cocktails.   The room was great too. Perfectly appointed in every way and a great bathroom as well.   Having stayed a couple of times at the St Regis, the Peninsula is unstuffy, but has all of the bells and whistles you'd expect.   A special mention to Sinead at the
bubble_50	I love this hotel. It is wuaunt and close to Fifth Ave and all the atteactions. The rooms are spacious, however if need of two queens, inquire ahead of time. There seems to be a limit. The amenities are first class, as well as the room service. the roof top bar is a must for a night cap! its a fun place to meet people! I celebrated my mothers 75 birthday and the staff sent a cake to her room!
bubble_40	The Peninsula in New York City is a perfect example of a classic luxury establishment that is trying hard to keep the pace with modern luxury hotels but is breaked by a difficult to beat enemy: itself. While most rooms (at least those where I have been) have been refurbished with updated furnitures and modern amenities, some major structural issues persist and I guess it will be hard to solve without major improvements (read: investments). An example? Windows. I don't care if the tv set has been upgraded to a 40" plasma screens with 59 channels (and nothin' on), but, by paying premium $$$, I expect not to be woke up in the middle of the night by the usual NYC ambulance just because windows are not insulated. No matter if my room has a courtyard view (read: no view) or is facing
bubble_50	Been there with my family ( 7 and 4 years old kids ) , this place never disappoint you !! Perfect service, good and fast roomservice, beautiful rooms and Ideal location ! There's  no other place in wich you can find this atmosphere ..... the best ever !!!
bubble_20	Through a third party vendor we booked The Peninsula for the Labor Day Weekend because no rooms were available through the hotel's website. I contacted the hotel 3 days prior to arrival to inform them that we would be arriving around noon and would need an early check-in. The clerk that I spoke with assured me that our room would be ready upon arrival. After checking in on the date of arrival we were told that our room was not ready but would be ready within the hour, (3) hours later we were allowed into our room.   We were treated exceptionally by the door staff and bell hops when we first arrived at the hotel but that all changed once we checked in. It appeared from all angles that if you book your room through a third party vendor you are treated differently. In our case,
bubble_50	A recent stay at the Peninsula Hotel provided unparalleled service on all fronts with all personnel that we came in contact with going above and beyond the call of duty.  From permitting and accommodating us with a 9:00 a.m. check-in immediately after arriving from the airport to a decadent welcome platter in the room and dining service beyond compare to the front door attendant ensuring and supplying bottled water for our walk:  This is truly an exceptional establishment situated in the finest of New York locations.  The junior suite that we inhabited for our short stay was wonderfully appointed with the finest of finishes, toweling, furnishings and bedding accompanied by exceptional food quality in both in-room dining and the hotel restaurant.  This establishment is relatively
bubble_50	I have been to The Peninsula in Tokyo 3 times and loved it! This was my reason to choose Peninsula NYC. I was 'right'! almost same top notch and friendly staff, clean and spacious rooms. We got an upgrade to a room overlooking the 5th Avenue. If you care about having a great SLEEP, they got the BEST mattresses and pillows, i had to mention this since I'm a bit picky on this. I did have one of the best sleeps ever :) Unfortunately, we did not have the chance to visit the bar on the roof top, but heard it is a must visit. There were some internal renovation, but we could not bother about it was not disturbing at all!   The location is just in the heart of Manhattan. I just love this hotel :)
bubble_40	Stayed there on a three day business trip. Hot a good deal on a website. Hotel is very clean. Check in staff was very courteous, namely Mariann. Concierge was also very helpful. Rooms are very nice and super clean. Housekeeping very much so "on the ball". Location is very strategic. Only "hiccup" which I am not sure who beats the fault: Concierge made us a reservation at Sushi Yasuda. We got there the day of the reservation and the restaurant said our hotel should have reconfirmed the day before and that the restaurant had canceled our reservation. Granted the restaurant staff was discourteous about the incident, both the hotel staff and the restaurant staff were adamant that it is the other party that was at fault. Unfortunately, I will never be sure who was at fault. All in
bubble_50	Located conveniently in the heart of the posh Fifth Avenue, The Peninsula offers outstanding amenities at great value.     First, spacious rooms especially in a locality where space is at a premium.   Clean and crisply appointed.   Classy linen and furniture.  Convenient and intuitive electronic lighting system.  Unobtrusive and clear screen plasma TV.   Very comfortable bed.  Roomy closet with all the amenities you need.    Marble bathrooms with the best of accessories.   Excellent, thoughtful and unobtrusive housekeeping.    Quick and sufficient replacements of supplies.    Classy Gotham bar with very well trained staff.   They all make you feel at home and wanted.  Exceptional attention to detail and genuinely warm and friendly approach.   If you have any special requests,
bubble_50	I had a dinner meeting in NY and arrived at the hotel after dinner.  They upgraded me to a luxurious suite -- I had to walk around to find the bedroom -- but I am sure a normal room would have been excellent.  Very good breakfast.  Lovely sitting room where I worked for a few hours in the AM before catching my flight back.
bubble_50	I recently had the opportunity to stay at this hotel for a company function. All aspects of the stay were marvelous. These people understand the meaning of customer service. Every event we attended was exquisite, and the service provided was great.  Room was very comfortable. Concierge was very helpful with sightseeing pointers.
bubble_50	Gorgeous hotel smack in the middle of Fifth Avenue. Everything u expected of a peninsula although the lobby could be grander. Loved the welcome cakes they had in our room. Bathrooms are nice and luxurious.
bubble_50	Great stay at this property. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Really go out of their way to make our stay as comfortable as possible. Also quite kid friendly, providing little extras like welcome baskets for them, and little robes and slippers. Booked the Grand Luxe room and it was very nice and plush. Good size for mid town. Breakfast was excellent. Fitness room was top notch. No complaints at all during our stay. Will definitely return at the next opportunity.
bubble_30	Just returning from a (thankfully) short stay (2 nights) at the Peninsula New York.  What a disappointment!  After having stayed at other Peninsula Hotels - Hong Kong, Beverly Hills, and Chicago, this place was a major disappointment.  It does not hold a candle to the quality or luxury of the Peninsula brand that I have enjoyed elsewhere.  I found the service staff to be adequate but surely nothing special in the world of luxury hotels. I am baffled at how some people can describe this as a great, luxurious experience. This place has no ambience. it is dark and dingy and has no lobby to speak of and very mediocre surroundings.  During my recent visit, there was a black drape masking something ( i have no idea what they were hiding) in the area on the way to the elevators. It
bubble_40	If the hotel were a ladies garment you would describe it as "lacking hanger appeal".........but it's very nice when you wear it! Tucked away on the corner of 55th St and 5th Avenue the hotel lacks the presence normally associated with the Peninsulas in Hong Kong or Tokyo. The entrance foyer is small and dark with stone and dark wood panelling. This is compounded by refurbishment of the restaurant which adds to the shortage of public space........but that's where the gripes end! The bedroom was spacious, comfortable, well appointed and bright. The service was absolutely of the standard you would expect - (rice milk sourced specially after a chance remark to a member of staff in the lounge) and combined with a great location adjacent to 5th Ave shops (and a shuttle to theatreland)
bubble_50	With great location and great service, this was the hotel we stayed in for my first trip to NYC. Located on fifth avenue right beside Central Park, it is a pretty popular area. Despite how popular it is, at late night and early morning, no noise will wake you up as it is quiet. If you have jet lag and wake up early, why not try walking on empty fifth avenue and Central Park. The staff are polite and friendly and provide help whenever you need them. The peninsula also has a pool on the top floors that over look fifth avenue and the rest of the city. One of the few hotels that has a pool in NYC. The rooms had comfortable beds with great fast wifi. I loved this stay and would like to stay again!!!
bubble_50	Stayed from Aug 9th - 12, 2013.  Really nice hotel with great 5* staff,bbeautiful roof top bar and amazing gym and spa! Hotel is located close to all high-end shops and attractions - very easy to maxout on shopping trip;)  Complementary house car is available for short trips and offcourse subway is available within 2-3 blocks.  Would recommend buying a week metro pass ($30/person), which would let you hop on and off local buses and subway trains - this is a also a great way to really connect with NYC and avoid traffic.   Hotel provides complementary water bottles, room cleaning 2x day and more. They even provided a complementary chocolate strawberries, rose covered bed ( heart shape) and bathtub for our 1st day.  Must stay and enjoy it!
bubble_40	Great location. Nice, but tiny rooms.  Cannot speak to the service, as we were on site briefly during our two day stay, and had minimal interaction with the staff.  Be sure to grab a few drinks in their bar overlooking central park.  Will return!
bubble_50	I first stayed at the Peninsula in Hong Kong many years ago, and since have been at this small hotel group in LA, Chicago and New York. Chicago is a palace hotel, superb facility and wonderful layout. The NY Pen is renovated from the old Gotham hotel, and its location on 5th Avenue and 55th Street is the best in NYC. It does not have the grandeur of other Pen's, but it does have a superb Resident Manager, Mr. Alpan Keskin.   First of all, it is a great boutique hotel, beautifully appointed and lovely rooms and a culture of great and attentive service. There exists a beautiful bar and lounge and spa, but the restaurant has been disappointing ( except for breakfast which is top of the line). However, they are renovating the old dining room space and it promises to be first rate.
bubble_50	I spent four nights at this hotel on business, having stayed here before. The hotel is clean and the rooms are ok size, for Manhattan standards. The bed is top quality and the hotel is quiet, meaning you can get a good night's sleep which is very important. The staff's recommendations on restaurants were top notch, there is a very helpful Brazilian chap at the concierge desk  that suggested some top notch places. But in general, you definitely cannot fault these guys on service. This hotel is one of my favourites when I travel to NYC on business.
bubble_50	Have just returned from a most wonderful holiday at the Peninsula.  We had a wonderful bedroom overlooking 5th Avenue, and probably the most comfortable nights sleep in any hotel we have stayed in worldwide - the bed itself was divine, the sheets were beautifully soft and luxurious.  Bathrooms are huge and stunning.    Convenient for a wide variety of shops, Museum of Modern Art, Central Park, Times Square and Rockefeller Centre. The staff here are absolutely superb and world-class, nothing was too much trouble - the concierge desk deserve a special mention for helpful to make this trip so very special - even when it rained.   Would highly recommend this phenomenal hotel, and can't wait to return.
bubble_50	The Peninsula is worth every penny. You cannot beat the prime location for this property. It is super convenient to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Museum of Modern Art, Central Park, and great shopping. The staff gave us a wonderful upgrade to a uber-luxurious room. The beds were phenomenal, and the bathroom was awesome. The furnishings of the room are both gorgeous and breathtaking. The concierge went out of her way to offer helpful suggestions to make our trip enjoyable and memorable. The Peninsula should be rated in the top 5 for New York.  This was truly a magical experience for my wife and I.
bubble_30	Having stayed at Peninsula Hotels in Chicago, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Bangkok there is little in common with this fading and overpriced property with those.  While the rooms are in reasonably good taste they are showing signs of age and badly laid out (Grand De Luxe). Windows advertised as large. An earlier stay some years ago had a splendid view from a corner room but none available this visit. The spa is basic, the pool  small and usually occupied so laps are difficult. There are much better choices at this price range (steep). My first great hotel experience was at The Peninsula Hong Kong the New York version apart from a great location is underwhelming. Even feeling a bit ripped off.
bubble_50	I was debating between this hotel and the St. Regis.  Once I saw pictures of the older style interior of the St. Regis (draperies and 40s/50s dcor), I opted for the Peninsula.  It was the right choice.  I was in town for a friend's wedding which took place one block away.  Manhattan real estate being what it is, the hotel does not feel like a "Grande Dame."  It does not have a huge lobby with high ceilings.  In fact the lobby area does have a slightly cramped feeling, the same with the roof top bar.  However, once you step into the room, that is no longer the case.  The room was very spaciously appointed and immaculate.  Free internet, excellent room service food.    The price is a bit intimidating but if I wanted to stay at a reliable place without any flaws, I would pick the
bubble_50	We had such a great experience at The Peninsula, Beverly Hills, that we asked them to book ahead for us for a couple of nights at The Peninsula New York.  The best thing about The Peninsula New York is its location.  On the corner of 5th Avenue and 55th Street, we had views of Trump Tower and Tiffany's from our rooms.  The inter-connecting rooms and bathrooms were very up-town, spacious and elegant.  It was a very comfortable short stay and again the staff were all very professional and top notch.  I would recommend both Peninsulas for international travellers expecting a high quality experience and look forward myself to staying at other Peninsulas worldwide.
bubble_50	My family and I recently stayed at the Peninsula and had a fabulous experience.  Rooms were impeccable, service outstanding, hotel comfortable and welcoming.  Spa was unbelievable...the best I've ever experienced.  The roof-top restaurant was very fun and casual but elegant.  Can't say enough about the service!  You will NOT be disappointed; cost is higher but it is worth it.  Location is superb!  Far enough from Times Square but close to walk, 5th Avenue shopping just around the corner and Central Park only 3 blocks.  You're gonna love it!
bubble_50	We are 2 adults and 1 six year old princess on a 6 night break in NYC. The room after some intial issues ( sorted very professionally by Sinead) was great , very spacious and suitable for the 3 of us. We chose the hotel because of location and pool. The pool and spa are fab and we had the pool to ourselves on most days. The Concerige service is second to none, fantastic appropriate recommendations for a family NYC. The location is excellent. Walking distance to most places. For a high end hotel on 5th avenue is priced in the same bracket as most of the others, you get what you pay for. Highly recommend the peninsula , great time.
bubble_50	As we stayed previously in the MO hotel on Columbus circle we were only  able to spend one night here but it was worth it. It is a very different hotel and has a different feel from the MO including the guests who stayed here. The Peninsula is more relaxed and has a homey feeling to it. We did not have the feeling we needed to dress up and since the weather was so very hot, this was a refreshing change. From bell staff to cleaning staff, all were very nice, courteous and friendly. The room we were given smelled like cigarette smoke upon entering so the reception staff gladly switched rooms for us with an upgrade to a suite. Room was very spacious and large with a separate living room, bedroom and closet room. Hotel lobby can be deceiving with the dark wood and look to it but
bubble_50	I stayed for 4 nights and this hotel in a grand suite. You get a warm welcome and the staff are all very polite and helpful. The rooms are tastefully appointed and are spacious and luxurious. It's 5th avenue position makes it in a very good location. There are lots of dining options and central park is just a few blocks away. The hotel is quiet for such a busy city. I would stay here again whenever I go to NYC.
bubble_30	This was a really disappointing experience. The location, Front desk and the room were wonderful - just what you expect from the Peninsula group. The bar area on 21 floor was horrible - we could not wait to leave. It is open to non hotel guests and clearly has a range of clients - from hotel guests to those who want to entertain ladies of the local knocking shop. The staff serving have the grace of a herd of rhinos - drinks banged down and spilt - not nice all. Breakfast was a disaster - they had a conference going on which mean that we could only be served in the Lobby - not the 3rd floor - the staff could not cope and we did not have a great experience. I will return to this hotel - real pity.
bubble_50	My wife and I decided to take our daughter to NYC for the weekend.  She's only four but thought that she would have fun.  We were completely unprepared for the outstanding attention to detail that we would be met with at the Peninsula.  Aside from the hotel being gorgeous, and so finely appointed we were shocked as to how attentive to children they were.  Throughout our stay we were constantly surprised by the little nice things that the staff did.  From sticker books, to stuffed animals and even a scavenger hunt through out the hotel.  They did that but never made it feel like you were at a Disney world resort.  Absolute NYC class and sophistication all the way.  The amenities were just lovely.  Great gym, outstanding roof-top pool and the most lovely of bed linens.  This hotel
bubble_50	Recently stayed for 2 nights at this wonderful hotel at 5th and 55th.  The quiet opulence of the property enfolds the visitor in a serene embrace, marrying tasteful modernity with an overlay of tradition.    Rooms exude refined elegance.  Spacious and equipped with all the modern amenities you'd expect in a hotel of this caliber.  I loved the beside lighting controls which seem to be standard at Peninsula properties.  Location can't be beat, with designer boutiques (oh, and world class culture) that begin at the doorstep.  Subway is a short 3 block walk (depending on the line, I suppose).    We were thrilled to have our room ready when we arrived at noon the day of our stay.  It was spotlessly clean.  I have to say that this hotel had the best bevy of housekeeping staff I have
bubble_50	Stayed at the Peninsula the last weekend in June and had an amazing time! Great hotel right on the corner of 5th ave. and 55th st./ hotel entrance is on 55th st. Stayed with my wife and daughter. Some of the things I enjoyed:    The Room - very quiet for being right in the city and good size bathroom with separate tub and shower and they don't charge extra for a roll away bed.   The Pool- Indoor pool over looking 5th Ave- Family Friendly- a little cold but you ask them to turn the heater up- they have a kids water aerobics class on Saturdays, but the instructor was sick so we missed it- my daughter was a little bummed about that.  The Location- One of the reasons I picked this Hotel-Great Location. Walked to The American Girl Doll store on 5th ave- just a few blocks. Short cab
bubble_50	Won't go into to much detail but this hotel was fab!  Couldn't find a fault and hope to go back at some point.  Excellent and very helpful staff, great attention to detail throughout the hotel, excellent and well equip rooms, great food in the restaurant, only had a quick look round roof top bar as we were pushed for time, but was really funky and well worth a visit.  Great location, close to most main tourist sites within New York.  Didn't visit the spa or gym but I'd imagine the high standards  could also be found there.   Take me back!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_50	Two stops here - one after a day's cycling round north Manhattan: had our aperitifs on the roof. We sat on the small balcony on the north side looking up Fifth Avenue towards the park, as it was shady.  Great cocktail menu, ordered at bar but served at table.  Second stop, the following evening five of us had "dinner" at the Salon de Ning, on the large open terrace facing down Manhattan.  We had cocktails and then chose all the small plates on the menu and shared.  The food was delicious and the wine, red and white and American by choice, was excellent.  The service impeccable.  On leaving discovered there was another large terrace looking towards Sixth Avenue, just as attractively set out.  Highly recommend this for a first (warm and dry!) night in New York as not expensive and
bubble_40	Owners are from Hong Kong, situated on forth ave 55th street, elegant and lovely!  Nice lounges, suites & restaurant. Also penthouse Bar/spa! Music is usually live in the lobby lounge and hotel is steps from best shops in NYC. across the street from the St. Regis Hotel, super accommodations throughout! Friendly staff and good service, one of the best chains worldwide!
bubble_50	Whilst the entrance lobby isn't as impressive as some of the other traditional high end hotels, everything else about this hotel is great. Perfect location, service is excellent, the gym is immense, as good as any hotel gym I've seen, and concierge were very helpful with all bookings. The rooms weren't huge but very well and recently refurbished. I've stayed in lots of hotels in New York and this is my favourite.
bubble_50	For quite a few years My beloved and I have stayed at the Peninsula in New York City. This is a wonderful hotel. It always feels as if we are "at home" here. Staff is kind and helpful and discreet. Victoria at the Concierge desk is excellent.  Rooms are large and very comfortable (except for the annoying lighting controls on the bedside tables); beds extremely comfy with lovely linens. Blackout curtains and double glazed windows make for a dark and quiet room at night. One of the reetaurant/bars is closed for renovation, so the remaining lobby bar is pretty busy these days. Breakfast room service is very prompt, courteous, the coffee is excellent, by the way.  In the lobby bar, the music in not appropriate; however, no music would be better! On a recent short visit on our way
bubble_40	I liked this hotel - the decor is comfortable and modern at the same time (not like some other really stuffy ones we've seen).  The location is great and the staff is courteous. The bar area is not that good as it's just up the stairs and looks like they were just trying to find somewhere to put it... Rooms are nice but considering we had a junior suite they're quite small... I guess that's NYC for you! Overall a good and pleasant stay.
bubble_40	Nicely situated close to Central Park but not close enough for a Central Park View.  Music in lobby bar did not fit the classy hotel.  Rooms were clean, small, but nice.  We had a nice view of a old chapel steeple. Food was good. Great Spa.
bubble_40	We have been staying here for the last 10 years. We love it!! The beds are heaven and the service is top notch! However, this visit was a smoke filled experience. We stayed on the 12th floor and from the time you get off of the elevator it reeked of smoke!!!! Then even in the room...I think people smoke in the stair wells!!! We called and they did nothing!!! Then when we checked out they said there was a mini bar charge, we did not even touch the mini bar! Listen, if we can afford this hotel we are not going to squabble about a mini bar charge...right? Well, they supposedly took it off our bill..but there it was the next day, which required a phone call and aggravation! We are busy people..we don't need the hassle!
bubble_50	My mom and I spend a weekend there annually. While 2 nights cost as much as a week somewhere else, the experience is well worth it. The hotel is beautiful and impeccably maintained. The location is fantastic.The staff is helpful but unobtrusive. The Spa is the closest thing to a European experience I have had in the US. I just can't say enough good things about it. If money is not an issue, go to the Peninsula. You won't be disappointed.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Peninsula on business and it was very well located for meetings with financial companies and funds located in upper Manhattan. It's also good for runs in Central Park and for shopping in the Fifth Avenue. The rooms are good size and both breakfast and lunch at the downstairs bar are hearty and better than average. The best bit, however, is the terrace upstairs with good DJ music and brilliant views. Wi-Fi works throughout the hotel and I never had any issues with internet speed on my three devices.  On the negative side, I paid around USD1,000, and it didn't even include breakfast, so definitely not value for money.  If you are looking for a trendy hotel, go to Soho or the village and away from the corny touristy noisy overpriced 5th at the Peninsula.
bubble_40	As far as you can take and old hotel and try to make it as good as it can be, certainly the Peninsula would fall into this category.  They invested in a great spa and health club.  The rooms have been upgraded, although the decoration cannot compare to top european retrofits.  However, I am biased...I cannot stand that I have to drag my luggage upstairs to get to the reception.  I want high-speed internet and plugs everywhere.  Service was very pleasant in all facets...room service, reception, concierge, spa.  The main restaurant being closed did not help.
bubble_50	Review from someone not in the hotel's demographic.  I go to NY often. With a lot of options in NYC, this place is expensive.  However, it's a great hotel to stay if you are in town for business, a power conference or to take important meetings. Also if you can afford a more deluxe room, this place is good.  The price may not be as worth it if you take a small room and it doesn't face a major street. If you are a looking for a place to travel with your family, or if you are looking for a "hip" place - this would not be my first suggestion. I'm in my 20s so I stayed here when I was in town for a conference. Most of the customers are international from Europe, the Middle East and some American businessmen.  It is great if you are looking for a sophisticated business-like travel or
bubble_50	I moved to the Peninsula for one night only after perviously staying downtown on business. I cant fault this hotel from check in to check out, the staff were very well trained and helpful.  Room very spacious with large comfortable beds. The view from the top floor, swimming pool/gym area offers the view of 5th Avenue. I had breakfast at the Gotham Lounge which offers a good selection menu and the service, again, impeccable.  Sadly I was here for one night only but will definitely stay here again on my next trip to NYC!
bubble_40	I have stayed in Peninsulas before in other locations and I've been fortunate enough to stay in quite a few 5 star hotels in Asia, the US and Europe over the past 2 years. Whilst this is undoubtedly a lovely hotel, with many excellent staff, I just can't give it 5 stars when I consider some minor flaws and a very high price tag. Some of the positives were:  Excellent check in staff and bell staff on arrival - very helpful, welcoming and efficient. We got an upgrade to a room overlooking 5th Avenue.  Rooftop bar was very nice and staff were great there too, although the weather was quite inclement at the time so didn't get to enjoy it as much as I would have liked.  Room was very nice, as you'd expect for the Peninsula. Bathroom was really the highlight. The shower was without
bubble_50	Another example of a superb hotel in NYC for those with large expense accounts. At night this is a hotel where one can completely relax. The noise of the city magicallly disappears as they welcome you and their superb staff provides for your every need. You will sleep like a baby or, at least relax. Food is the best. Location is ideal. Everything they do is the best and their standards never get lowered.
bubble_50	We are currently staying at the Peninsula, checking out tomorrow and have had yet another perfect stay at this wonderful hotel.  We have been coming every here year for at least 10 years and the welcome, service, food, staff, location are always perfection. standards never slip.  We used to stay at the St Regis but this is a much less formal hotel and considering the size of the hotel and the parent group they always manage to personalise the service which is quite rare in a hotel of this size.  One year we stayed at the Four Seasons as we were travelling with friends but for us the Peninsula wins hands down. Can't wait to stay again next year
bubble_50	Stayed at the Peninsula for three nights. Awesome service and comfort. Very comfortable beds. This hotel is more pricy than the average, but it is absolutely worth it. Try the Egg Benedict with salmon for breakfast, superb!
bubble_50	Phenomenal Service. A true 5-star experience, in a fantastic location.  We stayed at the Peninsula New York and we loved everything about it. We were treated like royalty and everything was impeccable. Not the cheapest hotel, but this is NYC, and you go to NYC to splurge! :) Having said that, it's worth every single penny.  I will make it a point to stay at the Peninsula for every one of my future visits to New York.
bubble_40	The Peninsula is a beautiful hotel.  Rooms are roomy, especially by NYC standards.  The bed and linens are very comfortable and luxurious.  Location is great if you prefer to be close to upscale shopping, a few blocks from Saks, and within walking distance to the theatre.  Getting a cab is difficult at 5th and 55th so leave extra time when you're going to dinner or a show.  We saw Motown (fantastic!) but had to walk to the theatre because the bellman couldn't find a cab.   Caf Europa is just across 5th avenue if you want to grab breakfast (eggs, bagels, wraps, etc.) or a snack (muffins, cake, fruit salads, yogurt).  Prices are really cheap and the food is fresh and good.    We ordered a salmon BLT room service and it was delicious.  Hotel bar is inviting and relaxing place to
bubble_50	From customer service, food quality, shockingly awesome rooms, to an atmosphere of opulence - the Peninsula is so far above any competitor that it's almost unfair.  For those of us who have stayed in NYC before, we're used to paying a fortune for small crappy hotel rooms.  Never more. Booked a Jr. Suite, and they triple-upgraded me to a Suite with 1 and a half baths, and a space bigger than your normal NY apartment - with a spectacular view of 5th Avenue from one of about 30 windows.  The prices are expensive, but are comparative with other hotels in the area - and no matter how much you pay, it will be worth it - if only for the feeling you'll get when you walk past the front doorman and look around to see what a REAL hotel looks like.
bubble_50	even before we went, the hotel went above and beyond to assist us with baby equipments such as high chair, bottle warmer, sanitizer, crib, etc. we asked it, they had it. Elena was the one who assisted us with every request i made for our 13month old.  traveling with a toddler is stressful but the Peninsula made it easier and worry free for us parents. we were so fortunate to have stayed here. the room service was great. our picky toddler enjoyed it. the location cannot be beat. we walked to central park and shopped on the fifth avenue without worrying about transportation.  everyone greeted us genuinely and made us feel welcomed. when i went out with my son in stroller while husband was attending conferences, several staff even helped me carry the stroller down the stairs when
bubble_40	I stayed at the Peninsula for a couple of nights with my wife this month. This is going to be my first tripadvisor hotel review and I had decided to write a review for the hotel before checking in so, I was noting everything down and heres what I have to say:  Check in: We were checked in by Diggy and it was a pleasant experience. He informed us about the closed restaurant (renovations - they are coming up with a new concept - makes me want to go again) and also walked us to our room. The attention made us feel like celebrities and Diggy answered our questions efficiently about the hotel and New York. Once we were at our room he showed us all the room features and also noted our news paper requests. I offered him a tip but he refused to accept it saying that he is doing his job,
bubble_50	We enjoyed very pricey Kir Royale cocktails ($26 each) at this bar before dinner on a Wednesday after work. Very upscale and older crowd in attendance. Excellent, but small, non-smoking outdoor area looking north up Fifth Avenue towards Central Park. Much larger patio area with tables and permitted smoking on the south east side with room for at least 100+ guests. Good bar snacks and attentive service. One hour, four drinks and nearly $150.00 later we descended to street level to meet our car service for the ride to the Smoke Jazz Dinner Club on the upper west side.
bubble_50	Beautiful fancy hotel in NYC! Marble bathroom, our room was large with two queen beds. View was good of trump tower. We were on the 12th floor. Walking distance to bergdorfs, fao Schwartz, the plaza hotel and many beautiful stores, not to mention Central Park.
bubble_40	This is a great hotel right on 5th Avenue very close to Versaci, Armani, Harry Winston, etc.  it is located in the high end shopping Mecca of NYC so it's great if you want to shop. I stayed in their largest king room and it was clean, spacious, and well appointed.  New York City hotels are usually quite cramped due to obvious reasons, but this hotel, even though a bit quirky given real estate constraints in the City, was very well laid out. Staff were very efficient, providing good service overall. Hotel itself was clean, quiet, and it had a great overall atmosphere. If you have business in midtown or you or your significant other wants to shop, this is a great choice in the heart of midtown.
bubble_50	We had spa package in the hotel after reading that this is no. 1 place.   The spa is clean and plush. Massage is well done and with a flair of Chinese and Tai influence.  We got their signature package in a suite. Food is included which is average. The man's room is nicely equipped. And people are very helpful and friendly, although it is slightly small comparing other places I have been in other cities. But it is in New York City.   We had a nice day there and very relaxing at the pool.   We would definitely stay in this hotel when we are in china, HK, or South Asia.
bubble_30	Stayed there for 5 nights, 1000 usd per night, small room with almost no daylight. Two out of three restaurants were closed for renovation, although hotel website mentioned that only one restaurant was being renovated.  Personnel quite friendly, but reception desk not very professional. Gotham Lounge staff snobby.  Location beats all negative points.
bubble_40	The hotel is conveniently located on 55th Street West and 5th avenue, within walking distance to all the mid-town department stores, Saks, Bertdorf Goodman and Central Park. The hotel is a bit aged (the lifts are those from the late 1980s) and the rooms and furniture may need a little bit of touching up.  Nonetheless the rooms are quite spacious, with a large marble bathroom, with showers separated from the bath, although the shower is not that strong or heat, which may be a problem in winter and early months of spring and for those who like a hot strong shower.    I got the room on the 12th floor with views over fifth avenue.  There is not much view given that it is 12 floors up, so perhaps street view is not that relevant at all, except that you do get some sunlight into the
bubble_50	After a long day in New York, you like to come back to the room at the Peninsula which makes you feel home. The decoration in room is much more nicer then the views.  The customer service at the breakfast lounge is great. The team who is working there is excellent, always smiling and you leave there with a great smile.  The hotel lobby is classical. The building is an old iconic structure, but greatly maintained.
bubble_40	We used points to score this hotel, and I wasn't sure what to expect. We were deciding between this and the Ritz, and a friend suggested that the Peninsula was the less touristy hotel, so we decided to stay here.  First, the location can't be beat--right on 5th Avenue, within running distance of Central Park and strolling distance of shopping heaven.  The hotel itself is really nice--the rooms are spacious and the bathrooms amazing.  I think of all the luxury hotels, the Peninsula has the best (and roomiest) bathrooms.  I also thought they had the best gym--there's an indoor pool and the gym has all the latest cardio machines along with a generous area for weights.  We didn't eat here--we had drinks in the hotel bar which were typically overpriced, but hey, that's what you get
bubble_40	This was the first time I had stayed here, so I was looking forward to it. The room was very large and had a good view, although seemed a little dated in the furnishings. It was quiet, which I appreciate for NY.  Wi-fi worked fine, although the television reception was somewhat fuzzy.  Had breakfast, which was excellent with great service. Location is extremely good. Highly recommended.
bubble_40	For business a great hotel from a service point of view - nothing is too much trouble and facilities available pretty much 24hrs. The superior room is ok, but if you can afford it or blag an upgrade the deluxe is way better. Food is really pricey, particularly room service. Location great for shopping or mid-town.
bubble_50	Had our last couple of days in a relaxing spa hotel ,well worth staying there Spa had a wonderful massage service the pool was great  Shame taht due to renovations the 555 restaurant was closed but the  concierge found us several l good ones in walking distance
bubble_50	After a wonderful stay at the Chicago Peninsula we decided to stay at their NYC location this spring.    When we checked in we noticed our junior suite didnt have a door that separated the living area from the bedroom.  To most guests, this isnt an issue.  However for us, one of us is a super early riser and does work in the AM while the other sleeps.    When we booked the reservation we were assured by the reservationist that our room had a separate living space with a door.  We stay in tons of hotels and every place we go we insist on the separation.    On a typical night checking in we would have brought this issue to their attention immediately.  The problem was we were late for a sporting event at MSG.  Furthermore we stayed out pretty late following the game for a few
bubble_30	My friend and I were here for 4 nights over Easter. Our upgrade to a twin room (I had a double booked but my husband couldn't make it) was met, but unlike our current hotel in San Francisco, they calmly charged an upgrade of $100 per night. We had breakfast here on the first morning which despite costing $114 odd dollars (and we only had eggs and coffee and juice - more fool us huh?) was lukewarm and just....not worth it.  Room was certainly stunning looking, mini bar prices even made my eyes stretch and I'm a very seasoned luxury hotel dweller, and bar drinks were crazy. But, the money isn't really the issue. It's the fact that only the guys on the Gotham Bar could be bothered to smile and greet us. Not terribly important but noticeable and not what I have come to expect from a
bubble_20	I have to say, I was very excited to stay at this hotel.  I do not mind spending money on hotels because I like the comfort, service and accommodations they offer.  However, if you are going to charge $900/night, then I certainly have expectations to match.  In this case, the hotel failed.  Booked a room online and requested double beds.  Received a call from the hotel saying they did not have double beds available and if I wanted a rollaway I would need to upgrade my room.  Thus, spent over $500 for the upgrade and $80/ night for the rollaway.  When I arrived, I inquired about the cot and was told it would be delivered at turndown service.  Cot never appeared.  When I contacted the reception desk and told them I wanted to make sure I did not get charged for the cot as it did
bubble_50	I stayed at the Peninsula with a friend and as it was our first time to New York  we wanted a good hotel in a convenient location in which  to explore  the city. This hotel certainly did not disappoint. The location was excellent, near to all the shops and within walking distance to the Empire State building, Times Square, etc. The room was extremely comfortable with an extra large bathroom. The hotel's roof top bar is certainly worth a visit with great cocktails and a fantastic view over the city. When I return to New York I will certainly stay at the Peninsula.
bubble_40	Selected the hotel for both business and pleasure as we were staying the two weekends on both sides of a full work week - concequently having to pay for some nights and focused on value. The hotel is very well located for most upper end 5th avenue shopping and close enough to Central Park for a run. The service was always a good standard but nothing special or particularly personalised. Overall decoration is aimed at looking traditional, with much of the art catering to more modern tastes. Room size was OK for new york, view was non-existant. Everything was clean. Beds were extremely soft and 'cloud-like' with warm covers and easy to use tempreture controls. Once the two phone lights are covered, the room could be made to be completely pitch black which was nice. No noise from
bubble_50	What  a gorgeous hotel-the entrance alone is worth a New York minute to soak in the beautiful orchid draped wall as you walk up to check in- the staff is very warm and friendly. I met my husband for a quick overnight business trip and arrived pre-dawn- we had a mini suite with what is now one of my top 10 hotel bathrooms of all time.  I had pre arranged excursions with my husband's business- so it was an agenda driven trip. I did however have an opportunity to order room service for lunch - a hamburger - eh, disappointing for $50- go across the street to a five guys for a better burger.  The bed was wonderfully late and comfortable with well appointed linens- the room,quiet,  which for the locale is amazing in itself - the lighting controls and system to operate the workings in
bubble_40	Stayed for 4 nights on a business trip. Although I need to say that  the Four seasons NY ( was there in 2010 I believe) and the Mandarin New-York ( stayed there more than 5 years ago) were much better than the Peninsula, I did enjoy my stay. My room had no view ( felt better when the curtains were drawn), but it was spacious and had a very nice luxurious bathroom with all the amenities.  This was really the best feature of the room. The furniture and equipment  in the room were a bit 'old', but I liked the concept of having a "banquette"  next to the entrance. Bed was comfortable The doormen were very helpful, and the breakfast quite good. The entrance / reception area is not worthy of the hotel. Had to wait 10 minutes over the delivery time (30 mn?)I was given for my breakfast
bubble_50	Stayed here 3 nights for a long weekend to celebrate a wedding anniversary. The room overlooking the Lutheran church next door was quiet, large by New York standards, although I understand it took some lengthy negotiations to get this room by my husband before I arrived at the hotel: The description online and the rooms available didn't match. However, it seems appropriate for a husband to prove his skills in this arena on the occasion of an anniversary. I would stay here anytime I'm in New York if I could get the same room.   Pros: Location next to great upscale shopping & restaurants, not far from theaters, central park, and my favorite was the spa/gym. There's a swimming pool with a view, a decent selection of strength training equipment, less than top of the line cardio
bubble_50	Recently stayed at The Peninsula NY as the guest of a friend. This is a very good friend because I could never afford to stay at a hotel like this. I knew The Pen was one of the top hotel in Manhattan but I was completely blow away with the service and how friendly the staff were. Our room was a Junior Suite and although not very spacious by NYC standards it was comfortable. I loved the turn down service in the evening and the decor of the room was contemporary chic. The hotel itself wreaks of class and money and if you ever eat in the restaurant there you better have both because it was not cheap. However, I would not expect a hotel of it's reputation to be reasonable priced. Of course the clientele was business people, wealthy foreigners, and well heeled americans as well.  If
bubble_50	We just stayed for 4 days but were pampered to make it feel like a week in our private residence. The location was walking distance to Central Park, where we spent most of our time, and most of our favorite shops and many restaurants including in-house rooftop cocktails. The concierge, private butlers, desk, doorman couldn't have been more helpful. All in all, upon check out the bill was justified by the personal attention provided professionally by the entire staff. They made all the difference.  Yes, all other housekeeping, linens, amenities and accessory details were meticulous and appreciated.
bubble_40	As we were travelling with two children a pool was a must on our hotel short list. The Peninsula's location and reviews won us over. The pool looks fantastic and being up on the 22nd floor with windows all round it gives you amazing views of the city but it was so unbelievably cold it was impossible to get in!!! I've never heard my children complain of water being too cold for them before (the thermostat said 30degrees  and I was tutted at by another guest (old bloke sat by the pool at 5.30am reading his paper) when I asked if the thermostat could be broken and if they had another to retest as you could feel that water was nowhere near 30) also the pool attendant said he constantly gets complaints about the temperature but suggestions to Management about increasing the temp in
bubble_40	Finally finding time to submit, hope others find helpful.  My daughter and I spent a long weekend in January and I left with mixed feelings.  We are HUGE fans of the Peninsula hotels in Chicago and Beverly Hills.  I had the same expectations for this one.  What we liked:  the location, the sound proofing (a nice quiet sleep in mid-town!), the comfort of the bed, and the spacious well appointed bathroom.  I was less than impressed with the following:  waited over an hour after checking in to be shown to our room, when told it would take 20 min. Was told to enjoy a drink and it would be ready - 45 min later I had to remind the front desk and then another 15 min wait.  Meanwhile, the lounge/tea area was empty,  service was slow and we had to find someone to pay for our drink - not
bubble_50	I stayed in the hotel over President's weekend and it met with all my expectations. They were aware I was in NYC for my birthday and they offered me a room upgrade and sent up a birthday treat. They could not have been nicer. My room was on the fifth floor overlooking Fifth Avenue and it was remarkably quiet--very unusual in the city. Service was impeccable, staff was friendly and helpful, and the environment was first rate. I travel to NYC often both for pleasure and business, and usually stay at the Four Seasons.  Decided to try the Peninsula for a change - and was glad I did. I couldn't detect any difference in amenities to recommend FS and its higher room rate over the Peninsula. I liked it so much I opted to stay an extra night. There was some initial confusion over the
bubble_50	Although it is expensive at $3300 a night the Sevice is outstanding the restaurant ( Lobster) and champagne choices are excellent Spent ten days here and loved it . Everything is close by limo service is great. All my favorite places are right here. Barclay's Antiques Joey and Robert always have my favorites waiting for me. Home away from Home with all the trimmings and Central Park . Love coming home to New York and staying here it's wonderful staff and service are excellent . I will be back soon.
bubble_50	Fabulous location in the heart of Fifth avenue, beautiful public areas and rooms, vibrant atmosphere, excellent service. Attentive concierge and front desk staff. Nice well equipped gym and spa on 21 st floor overlooking New York City. Close to Lincoln Center and cultural attractions. Perfect for a special celebration/ weekend in NYC.
bubble_40	This was my second time at the Peninsula New York. I was surprised for the improvements made at the hotel since the last time I was there. The hotel is very well located in the heart of Manhattan and has all you need as a guest. The rooms are clean and very well decorated and service is very good. It also has a nice restaurant and good breakfast. The SPA in the 22nd floor is nice and confortable.
bubble_40	Stayed 3 nights with my parents in two connected street view rooms  a little bit disappointed since the high expectation we had. stayed in LA peninsula and Beijing peninsula before.  great location as all other peninsulas, however, the restaurant was a little disappointing compare to the LA one. just wen my mom went to the swimming pool. she came back in 3 min, and said the size of the pool is like a jacuzzi, too small to hold more than 3 ppl swim in it ... room are conformable, and stuff are friendly and help. Still a great  hotel to stay good for business and shopping.
bubble_50	In Midtown, this is one of my top picks. Spacious, neutrally elegant rooms, that feel miles away from city hustle bustle - the extreme sound-proofing works well. Old New York style meets the Orient: think marble floors, sumptuous rugs, top-notch beds, the latest in-room technology. Front of house and bell staff are 'on it' no matter what the question or need, and concierges are helpful (especially when you tell them exactly what you are seeking). A new-ish addition, is the Peninsula Mini Cooper fleet, available to take guests here or there, with is especially nice when a taxi is no where in sight! One of the city's most impressive spas & gyms with a small pool looking onto prime Fifth Avenue - don't miss time there for post breakfast work-out if possible. Depending on your trip
bubble_40	The location is amazing....across from St. Patrick's Cathedral and short walk from Rockefeller Center, Times Square and Broadway...only problem is that there was construction work all night outside of the room.
bubble_40	We stayed at The Peninsula for two nights before and on New Years Eve.  I will have to say that the lobby holiday decor was amazing, as was the ambiance upon entering the hotel.  However, our suite was a bit disappointing.  We were traveling with our two sons, ages 9 and 13, and needed a spacious accommodation.  We were disappointed that the living room of our suite was tiny...with the furniture resembling that of an Embassy Suites (very uncomfortable and sparse).  The bedroom and bathroom were awesome, however, the two didn't seem to go together at all.  We ordered room service breakfast on day two, and it was delivered 1.5 hours later.  The hotel did comp. that since the wait to so long.  The spa is amazing and extremely relaxing.  My husband and I had massages.  The
bubble_20	We stayed two nights on Dec 27-29th for a quick holiday family getaway (myself, husband, two young children and our nanny).  It's a lovely hotel - beautifully decorated for Christmas, well-maintained and elegant interior.  Small lobby/entrance area - not spacious or grand, but that is to be expected for a large city hotel.  We arrived early and our room was not yet ready, which was fine as we were planning to go get something to eat, but at least were able to drop our bags off.  We were asked if we would like to upgrade (from a Jr. Exec Suite to an Exec Suite), for the price difference of an additional $1000/night.  The only difference between the two rooms is 95 sq ft and the view.  We declined.  All the staff we encountered was very nice.  Our room had a bedroom and a separate
bubble_50	Fantastic Hotel, with extremely friendly and courteous staff. I took my girlfriend for her birthday and it tied in with New Year. The hotel is excellently located and easy walking distance of Central Park and all the best shops. We used the swimming pool and the gym which were both excellent. little plates of treats arrived in the room on occasions like New Year. Free Wifi allowed for good internet usage. The roof top Bar was very cool, with views down fifth avenue. The room was very big for New York and was always in first class order. The view called internal courtyard, was not really  view at all, but we knew this before we went! A late check out was arranged and enabled us not to have to rush prior  to flying out. everything was five star all the way.
bubble_50	Thought I would right this review whilst we are still staying at the hotel. We have been here for 3 days and have enjoyed it from the minute we were greeted at the front door by Tony. The rooms are big for New York. The bed is the best we have slept in since arriving in America 4 weeks ago.  The concierge has the best knowledge of what's around to enjoy and how to get it and get there, Richard has been like our private arranger from show tickets to private Tours. We just finished a tour that we would highly recommend for anyone visiting for the first time or re visiting, the information we gained from Marshall was second to none. Personalised to your liking, with an  A class driver, I would highly recommend taking a tour with Marshall, booked via the hotel.  The jury is still
bubble_50	From the second we set eyes on the hotel in all its xmas glory to the second we left, my husband and i were treated like royalty. We used the consierges knowledge on 2 occassions and were very impressed. We even had detailed description of where the Harley Davidson store was and how to get there...i am sure that would not be a regular request. We travel round the world staying in hotels for at least 6 months of the year and this has now become our favourite. The room (although without a view) was very quiet and beautifully furnished to a high standard. Immaculately clean. Breakfast in the hotel surpassed our expectations as did the drinks and snacks in the bar after shopping. Only one inconvenience....our limo had deserted us at the airport as our plane was 2 hours late so we
bubble_50	We stayed at this wonderful hotel for 4 nights from 18th to 22nd December with our 6 year old to celebrate my 40th birthday. Upon check in we were immediately offered bottles of water and our daughter was presented with a small cuddly toy. We asked for a roll away bed for our daughter to sleep on but were told that due to "health and safety" this would not be possible. They then tried to get us to upgrade to a larger room at additional cost. We refused as we were pre warned that they would try to do this.  Upon arrival to our room it was apparent that there was more than enough space for an additional bed.  The spa on the top floor was amazing with fantastic views of 5th Avenue. We visited it every morning and the staff were very welcoming and one man went out of his way to make
bubble_50	As soon as our limousine dropped us off at the entrance and the doorman greeted us by name we knew that an unforgettable experience was about to unfold. The hotel is well located in the heart of Manhattan at the upper end of midtown. If you like shopping you can walk to all the big name stores, Henri Bendel, De Beers, Tiffany & Co, Bergdorf Goodman, FAO Schwarz, Saks & Co the list is endless and the shops at Christmas unforgettable. The Peninsula is by New York standards a boutique hotel, the rooms and suites are large, spacious and kept immaculately clean by the housekeepers. Bathrooms are large, very clean with mood lighting, radio, tv, telephone. Deep step in baths are a luxury after a walk around Manhattan, the shower is seperate, hot and powerful. Complimentary products are
bubble_40	When u need to be in the middle of it all, this is the place to stay. Smaller than its 5 star peers gives u a more intimate feeling.  Rooms/suites are well appointed. Room service is slow. Over 35 minutes every morning to get coffee. Prices are high, 9 dollars for tea at the bar. I can accept the prices, i am rich enough, and slow room service, I am retired, but I wish the hotel would invest in a truly knowledgeable concierge and some bulgari  Soaps and lotions. Or L'occitane. Come on people Davi????  When my hubby asked the concierge for a wine store, she sent him to Lexington and 52. Does she not know that exiting the hotel to the left is a wine store less that 100 steps away??? The fine concierges are gone, so we r all left with people that have no idea what the word means.
bubble_40	We had two rooms booked for a one night stay between Christmas and New Year's Eve.  The property was noticeably busy relative to other times I stayed this year.  The front desk was still accommodating at check-in, proactively finding us one room for earlier check-in and honoring a change to our requested bed type (switch from one king to two queens) for the second room.  That second room included two children and there were two small plates of sweet treats in the room for them which was a nice touch.    We did enjoy the location, the free wifi, the complimentary poolside Nespresso machine and gym.  The kids also loved the TV in the tub.  It also appears that an upgrade of the TVs may be underway since we noticed an instruction card in our room noting how to operate the new
bubble_50	This holiday season, we thought it would be fun to act like tourists and do all those touristy things that most NYers take for granted and don't ever do.  We wanted the full experience so we decided to book an overnighter at the well-situated Peninsula Hotel in the heart of Fifth Avenue.  Wow!  We were given a large corner room on an upper floor where we had a lovely view of the city skyscrapers.  The staff was very cordial and helpful.  No sooner had we entered our room, there was a knock on the door and we were presented with a welcoming floral vase filled with lovely red roses.  There was also a yummy fruit plate setup and a bottle of red wine waiting for us.  The room was lavishly decorated and super plush and comfortable.  Although not this time around, I was lucky enough
bubble_20	New management?  Came tonight for our yearly Champagne Celebration with my best friend.  Main lounge was full so we were directed to other side, next to restaurant to see the maitre 'd who was a female.  She told us just to take any seat.  We sat for 20 minutes next to a tray of dirty dishes near the bar because they obviously were overstaffed.  A prosecco with a Campari drop for color is the same price this year as a champagne + Campari drop, $35 per glass. When we asked, our waiter told us "Here, our prosecco and champagne cost the same."  We were shocked.  Upon leaving, I did my ritual of asking the doorman in which direction the closest subway is because, even though I'm a local, I always like to see the type of customer service I get w/a response.  He told me "you can check
bubble_50	What else but the best of the best, with so many choices in NYC...and believe me I love a lot of hotels in this great city....The Peninsula hotel for a night and a quick business trip was great...Love the indoor swimming pool and best views of Fifth Ave from the 23rd Floor, a great Spa and luxury facilities....beautiful workout room...And the room was very comfortable and cozy and luxurious....Staff at this very busy hotel was professional and efficient..I would definitely stay at this hotel again and highly recommend the location right off of fifth avenue..Loved it
bubble_50	Once inside you don't feel like you are on buzzing fifth ave. hotel fantastic. Staff look after your every need. Gotham lounge great to visit for a snack and people watching. Can't recommend more highly
bubble_50	Trips to NYC can be complicated at times.  But my trip to The Peninsula was not.  Excellent location...convenient.....professional staff.......delicious food.....not inexpensive, but what in the City is.... Wouldn't want to live there, but when I have to travel, this is the type of experience that makies it all worthwhile.
bubble_50	Overall first class, except one problem after we had checked out.  The doorman was 'unable' to get us a cab for 40 minutes and my wife was left standing shivering with our bags on the hotel steps while I went down to 5th Avenue to flag down a cab.  On a Friday night these are not easy to get, but the doorman & his staff really did not put themselves out!
bubble_50	Perfect location, impeccable service and beautiful rooms. The rooms are huge, which is not typical in NYC.  The pool was great, as well as the gym huge and well equipped. The breakfast at the restaurant is very good but extremely pricey.  The rooftop terrasse is simply amazing. All the employees we dealt with were extremely helpful and pleasant.  We found a great deal on hotwire for this hotel and I wish we will come across such a deal during our next stays in NYC!! If you have the budget to stay there, do so, you won't be disappointed!!
bubble_50	This is a fantastic hotel in one of the best locations in New York!  The service is second to none from the door staff through to the spa staff on the 22nd floor!!  The swimming pool offers terrific views over towardes Central Park. the bedroms have everything you might need and the room service is prompt and efficient. Every member of staff is courteous and nothing seems too much troule.  you walk in through the doors and immediately feel calmed from the hustle and bustle of New York!  Highly recommended in every way!
bubble_50	A wonderful hotel; great service. It is located right on 5th Avenue a couple of blocks from Central Park. Fifth Avenue Shopping, the iconic Apple Store, Rockefeller Center and MOMA are all right there.  The room design is unfortunate because although the room I got was luxurious and of a good size, it was divided inefficiently and felt smaller than it was. Very nice four-fixture bathroom with a separate shower in addition to a bathtub and high quality toiletries.  Good efficient service from In-room dining, laundry, bell desk, concierge, front- desk and in the restaurant.  The ancient enclosed television set in the bathtub was laughable, though!   High speed wifi was free. No coffee maker, although tea/coffee from In-Room Dining was not prohibitely priced.  The popular rooftop
bubble_30	First, I am a CEO of a business and as such I have a centurion amex with certain benefits that would entice me to book a hotel such as the peninsula.  We were put in an upgraded suite that would of cost $1500 a night.  Was it worth it?  No way.  The suite was small and nothing special.  They had a 1985 TV in the bathroom put behind a plastic wall with tacky 1985 remote built into the wall.  The service was not great.  For example, we ordered room service for breakfast the night before and asked for it to be there at 930am, it didnt show up until 950am and was over $100 for two people.  Whats worse?  They didnt bring creamer for coffee.  Its all about the details and when you are spending this kind of money, its obvious there are better choices.  Four Seasons people...dont waste
bubble_50	The Peninsula Hotel is conveniently located in mid-town Manhatten, at the corner of 5th Ave. and 55th St. -- within walking distance of Central Park, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, Empire State Bldg. etc.  Put on a good pair of walking shoes and walk to your heart's content.  You will never run out of things to see and do.  If you want to spoil yourself, this is the place -- gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous!  We found all the staff to be extremely friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable.  This hotel has the most spectacular Christmas decorations, both inside and out.  Our room was extremely elegant -- two queen beds, large flat-screen TV, armchair and ottoman at the foot of each bed, desk, wi-fi, marble bathroom, separate toilet, separate shower, enclosed TV above the bathtub,
bubble_50	Amazing hotel in a great location for shopping on Fifth Avenue, Times Square, Theatre District and Central Park. Service was excellent. Spa is definitely worth a visit. Room was very spacious for New York and bed was so comfy. Cannot fault this hotel, very luxurious.
bubble_40	2-night stay in a standard room on 11th floor.  Excellent service. the big plus is a very helpful and knowledgeable concierge team who did all our restaurant bookings and share a few insights with us on the Big Apple. Thanks a lot for making our stay so seamless  The room was extremely comfortable, comfy bed, very large screen, marble bathroom, soundproof, it ticked all the boxes of a luxury hotel. A few let downs though:  - I sent a gift to the hotel prior to our arrival, so that it could be put in our room when arriving and surprised my girlfriend, but things went wrong and gift stayed in the storage room... Needed to proactively ask for it to be delivered when a butler came with the gift in a plastic bag... Not really the high attention to details i was expecting from
bubble_20	I booked a junior suite in July for a 9 night occupancy in November, requesting a room on a high floor.  The hotel's website suggests that junior suites have windows on two sides, and are typically (although not always) on higher floors.  We were allocated a room on the 7th floor, which had two normal windows on one side, and nothing in the way of a view.  I asked to see other rooms but we were told they were full and would have nothing for at least several days (fair enough, this was a few days after Hurricane Sandy).  I said that that the website suggested windows on two sides, and was told that a few did not have this feature - so we were unlucky on two counts: not enough windows and a low floor!  This was met with a shrug.  So we set about moving, and as soon as my
bubble_30	Not a bad hotel but highly overpriced. I stayed at many hotels in that region. 4 times more expensive than any other hotel. If you want to impress your friends with your money just stay there but i stayed in better rooms with better service, better view for less money. Also minibar costs a fortune.
bubble_50	The Peninsula New York is a world class hotel with a perfect location on 5th Avenue. The last time I visited the hotel, I was traveling with my family and my daughter who fell in love with the pool on top of the building. I highly recommend having drinks and appetizers under the heat lamps on the roof top at Salon de Ning. The food and service at Fives Restaurant is spectacular--especially the Sunday Brunch. Overall, The Peninsula is a wonderful choice for your next visit to New York City, even with your kids!:)
bubble_50	Being a tourist in New York demands that you orchestrates small interludes in your cultural consumption. You need the oasis, or refugees, were you can withdraw into private contemplation over the impressions the Big Apple so generously and constantly are pouring out over your soul. Such a place is the bar at the Peninsula. It is a haven away from the hefty heartbeat of the city. The waiters are soothing and attentive in their descretly performed eager to please your needs in any way they have in command. The barkeeper is of course first rate, and the relaxing atmosphere has that informal touch of naturally displayed luxury that goes with everything from Roederer to the Buddenbrooks. You don't sit down at the Peninsula, you immerse your fatigue into a furnitural embrace. And as
bubble_50	From arrival until departure we were made to feel very special.  The entire staff were so very helpful and pleasant.  Special thanks to concierge for their help in making external bookings, directions and suggestions.  The quality of hotel far exceeded our expectations.  Definately be back and hopefully get a ride in the mini cooper.
bubble_40	We had a 4 night stay planned for NYC and chose The Peninsula although we were not satisfied last time we stayed there (years ago). As a group, Peninsula is one of the best. Their hotels in LA and Hong Kong are favorites. Sadly, we were less than satisfied this time as well. It could be that you are greeted by employees smoking on the side-walk next to the entrance, or that the lobby bar (which is closed till 11 AM) is far from being good as a lobby bar of a hotel with the ambitions of Peninsula should be (unlike LA) or the fact that the breakfast room is not very personal and a bit chaotic. We had four breakfasts and four out of four days we did not get the poached eggs made to our order. We were charged USD 9 for half a tomato with the eggs. Needless to say - not good enough.
bubble_50	stayed in October, 20-23...has a perfect executive suite with an unforgettable view and amenities included,,,,,very friendly personnel at the reception... perfect location for business and shopping. free internet at very good speed. will definately come back
bubble_30	I am a regular guest at the Ritz hotels and was not at all impressed by the Peninsula. It was a beautiful hotel, the room was spacious and well appointed but the rest left much to be desired. The doormen never opened the doors for me or my sister, the front desk staff and when asked for an emergency item suggested I go to the drug store a block away. At a 5 star rated hotel I would have expected a little more attention. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant and I had to send my eggs back twice. The third time I didn't bother yet the waiter and matre'd both asked if it was still not correct but still charged me for the breakfast.  I will stay at the Ritz next time!
bubble_50	If you are expecting a hotel on par with the Pens in Beverly Hills, Shanghai, Tokyo, Chicago, Bangkok and  especially  Hong Kong, you will be disappointed with the physical largesse of the NY property.  The common areas are limited/small with no grand lobby. However, this also means no large groups or meetings, and more personalized service.  This hotel could almost be characterized as boutique in nature.  Though it depends on the city and the property, I have a marginal preference for Peninsula hotels vis--vis Four Seasons:  Peninsula owns all of their hotels (with the exception of Beverly Hills, in which it owns only 20%), whilst Four Seasons is just a property manager.  Also there are over 100 Four Seasons hotels and only about a dozen Pens.  If I am not staying at a
bubble_40	We stayed there for 3 nights recently.  I had booked a double/double room as we required 2 beds and requested a high floor.  We arrived at 3.30pm and were told our room was not ready as the previous guest was late checking out and the room would not be ready for at least another 40 minutes, if not longer.  This threw all our plans into chaos as we were meeting friends at the Plaza for afternoon tea at 4.15 and wanted to change.  The staff member checking us in was very apologetic but was a disappointing start.  When we did get to our room it was on the 8th floor, which was also disappointing, but we were just thankful to get a room.    The room itself was clean, large and well appointed with lovely comfy beds.  Plenty of towels and nice amenities in the bathroom and a lovely big
bubble_50	Great service, very comfortable bed, quiet, nice room.  We would stay here again next time we're in Manhattan.  Location on Fifth Avenue puts this hotel in a very nice neighborhood.  The restaurant also has real breakfast on weekends, not a pretentious brunch.
bubble_40	What a lovely hotel this is, lucky enough to spend 8 nights here in Oct, booked it through BA along with our flights, got a really good price at the time (although its madly expensive at around 600 a night for room only) fabulous view of 5th Ave from our room on 12th floor although we had been allocated floor 8 on arrival we asked for a higher floor because of the length of time we were staying with them. Breakfasts were ordinary so we found a diner (Astro's) on the corner along 55th St  - much cheaper with lots of atmosphere.The bedroom was bliss like falling into a bed of marshmallows every night the linen was that soft, bathroom also glorious, huge walk in shower, full size bath and endless towels. Concierge staff very helpful, always ask them to book our dinner
bubble_10	At 9am on the day of my departure, while I was at breakfast, a team of maids and mini bar staff entered my room, changed the bed, prepared the bathroom for new arrivals and left messages for the incoming client on my table.  The room was now ready for the next guests - and yet I had still to shower, pack my bags and check out at the contracted time of 11am.   I felt, literally, that the hotel staff were exiting me from under my very feet.  Now that is a first.  And very uncomfortable.  We paid a lot of money for this room and have been left feeling like persona non grata. This hotel should treat their customers with respect if they want people to give them business.
bubble_50	I took my two young children to this fine hotel for Columbus Weekend. We were in the city to see two Broadway shows and I chose the Peninsula as our base of operations. The Lion King was great and Annie, in previews, was amazing. The hotel is a wonderful combination of being a "grande dame" while also offering the style and convenience of modern discerning guests. The common areas were beautiful. The restaurant Fives was quite good as was the Gotham Lounge. Our room was a Grande Luxe Room on the 16th floor that looked out on 5th Avenue. The view out our window looked out on the St. Regis Hotel across the street which is easily one of the most beautiful buildings in the city. Our room was beautiful and comfortable and the spacious bathroom suited all our needs. There was even a
bubble_40	The number one selling point of this hotel is the courteous and helpful staff of the Peninsula hotel. They are extremely polite and efficient and are not afraid to go out of their way to help accommodate your wishes. After a long flight with many delays I ended up not sleeping for 42+ hours before arriving at the Peninsula. The staff was very helpful in arranging an early and efficient check-in.   After a couple of hours my room started to smell like smoke and we discovered there was smoke coming in from the hall between our room and the next room. I am still not sure whether an other guest or staff was smoking in the hallway, but fortunately the front desk arranged a new room within 20 minutes. Once again, they handled it professionally and efficient.  Other positive points are
bubble_50	We completed our annual late summer NYC sojourn with a four night stay here, after first gracing the Standard High Line.  This was my 4th stay at the Pen, including last year's stay,  which was inadvertently extended by Hurricane Irene, and during which the front desk was not up to task.  Happily, this visit was redemption, and then some, for the hotel, as this stay was nearly flawless.  The entire visit, in fact, was the friendliest I've ever encountered in NYC.  Not only were all the people you expect/hope to be friendly (hotel staff, store staff, restaurant staff) friendly, but also unexpected folks like airport TSA staff, drivers, staff at tourist sites like the 9/11 Memorial, and especially the NYC woman running to catch the subway who thanked us when we stepped aside.  It
bubble_50	We picked this location because we only had one night in the city.  It was very convenient to so much and was a perfect "perch".  Even though our room overlooked Fifth it was very quiet.  The bed was extremely comfortable and space-wise just fine.  The room was very clean and the furnishings all felt fresh. The hotel staff were very courteous, efficient and helpful.  The only thing that annoyed me was that there was no coffee maker in the room, though it would have looked "junky" to have one I guess.  Maybe there was an urn set up somewhere that we did not know about.   We would definitely return, though as a special stay since it is so expensive.
bubble_30	I was a little disapointed in the Peninsula.  My husband and I went into NYC for our anniversary and I wanted a lovely, old-world, prestigious hotel to stay in. The entrance foyer in the Peninsual is  pretty, but then everything else fades.  Low ceilings. Darkish interior.  No proper lobby.  There is a small, interior sitting area that you pass thru on the way to the elevators but it's not attractive and has just a couple of very-average couches and chairs.  I was expecting lovely old polished woods, charming sitting areas, etc.  Ditto the bar.  It wasn't lovely or charming or even interesting.  It was open space off the lobby and resembled more of an airport waiting room. Service everywhere was LOVELY.  Room was fine.  We were upgraded by Amex Platinum to a "larger" room.
bubble_50	The perfect base for a business trip to manhattan. Pricey but I guess that you get what you pay for. The room was on the small side but superbly furnished and equipped. It was also quiet which is a real plus in this area. What really differentiates this hotel though is the superb service through out from bell boy to check in to room service. Quite superb!
bubble_50	My husband & I had a fab time in NY & loved staying in the Peninsula, we loved the Roof Top Bar especially with the weather being so good .... the Hotel had a buzz about it with great staff looking after our every need, we have visited NY 5 times and this is the first time to the Peninsula, our last visit was London NYC Hotel and we enjoyed the Peninsula more than any hotel we have stayed in NY with the best breakfasts ever! J XX
bubble_50	We stayed here over Labor Day weekend while attending the US Open Tennis Tournament. The hotel was quite nice.  The bed and bedding was very comfortable.  Room size for New York City was very adequate.  The bathroom was spacious, very clean with bath robes and slippers provided as you would expect from this class hotel.  Safe provided with a stocked mini fridge. Also offered complimentary fruit plate in the room.  Nice touch.  Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooftop bar was so nice, what a great setting for the warmer weather.  Would definitely stay here again over other 5 star hotels we have frequented.  A nice surprise.   Although a bit pricey (it is NY after all) the breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel was very good as well. Service very nice too.
bubble_40	Decided to try a new hotel for the last night of our stay.  I must say I was taken aback by the beauty of the entrance and was transported back into time!  The service was like none other! The room was nice and large.  The bathroom was delightful!  The view from the room...not so much.  It was quiet.  The amenities were great BUT I probably wouldn't want to spend a lot of time in the room due to the view.  The rooftop bar was TOTALLY worth visiting!  Not much space to enjoy the unbelievable view in the front of the bar but a GREAT patio space is off to the side.  Didn't get to enjoy the spa or sunning deck BUT it's on my list for a future visit!  This place is all about SERVICE and the location is great!
bubble_20	I recently had a weekend stay in this hotel. The bell hops and front desk staff was great but the overall experience was just okay. They try to make this place seem so classy but it really is not. I have been to better hotels that aren't considered 5 star. But made this experience the worst was the fact that I overheard the security staff or what i think was the security staff gossiping about one another which I thought was very unprofessional. No patron of the hotel should ever hear staff gossiping.
bubble_50	From arrival to departure our stay was perfect. The room was lovely and spacious (for NY). The staff was amazing. Service appears to be their priority. The Rooftop bar was a great "last call", with fantastic views. I highly reccomend this place.
bubble_50	I'm fairly late leaving this review which is a little embarrassing as our four-night stay was really superb.  The front desk and concierge staff were fantastic, very helpful and polite and nothing was too much trouble.  However I did ask the front desk staff to mail a letter back to the UK which was never received.  When I emailed the hotel a week or two after arriving home to enquire if perhaps it was still at the front desk or if there had been any issues, I did not receive a reply which was a little disappointing.  We found the breakfasts a little chaotic, perhaps the kitchen or waiters were short staffed and one morning our breakfasts arrived luke warm.  However they were happy to redo them when we asked.  Our room was wonderfully comfy and there was no noise at all from the
bubble_50	Stayed at the Peninsula Hotel for my birthday weekend.  Upon check-in we got a double upgrade to a beautiful room that was extremely clean and cool after a long bus trip (Limo Line) from Boston.  The hotel staff was excellent and the room rate (Jetsetter) is well worth the luxury price. The check-in staff and bell hops could not have been any more helpful.  Had drinks (expensive) on the roof deck one night and sat on the lounge chairs one afternoon.  Absolutely, beautiful views and and an excellent spar and pool inside the hotel.    Highly recommend the Peninsula, you will not be disappointed.
bubble_40	Spent 3 nights in July. Our package was called Manhattan Retreat (booked through Expedia) - which was a standard king room overlooking the courtyard, free continental breakfast and a $50 credit.  When we checked in we were told that it was credits that they gave towards breakfast so we were not limited to the continental breakast and could choose whatever we wanted.  It was $90 per breakfast, for two people.  We managed to spend every dime - very expensive breakfasts! we spent our credit in the roof top bar.  I had mentioned in my reservation that it was our 28th wedding anniversay and they provided a wonderful bottle of champage plus chocolate-covered chocolates. The hotel is spotless, the beds are very comfortable and the room a very good size. Very good location. The service
bubble_30	We recently spent 4 nights at this hotel.  It's incredibly well located, the staff couldn't be nicer and more helpful and we were upgraded to a wonderful room.    Unfortunately, the air conditioning in our room was not working properly - it was quite warm.  Not bad enough to move to another room which the hotel offered, but definitely not comfortable.  Each day we asked them to fix it and they said they would.  We went three days like this and finally, on Day 3 it was fixed.  If it could be fixed on Day 3, it could have been fixed on Day 1.  Also, we stayed at this hotel specifically so my wife could swim.  They have a modest sized pool that met her needs.  Unfortunately it closed of maintenance half way through our stay.  So, just unfortunate timing for us.  On the other hand,
bubble_40	We booked two rooms at the Peninsula for a four night visit to New York. We had been advised by Expedia before we arrived  that the pool was out of action but we still decided to stay there. Everything else was pretty good. Helpful staff Two good rooms wonderfully comfortable beds quiet a great location. The nearest subway station was approx 5 mins walk, and Times Sq was 20 mins In summary It was a top end hotel which we all enjoyed staying at.  Just a pity about the pool, but it didn't spoil our stay.
bubble_50	We stayed here for a week long sight-seeing tour of NYC in March/April. We got a great deal online and were very happy with our room. After long days on our feet it was so relaxing to come back each evening to a great shower and large comfy bed. The staff were all very helpful. We didn't eat at the hotel or use the spa as both were a out of our price range. The hotel's location is ideal, almost across the road from Trump Tower and just a short distance from the Central Park. I would definitely go back again, if I can afford it!
bubble_50	I honestly did not know what to expect of this hotel after reading varying reviews from numerous websites. I had stayed at the Chicago property and thought it was amazing. Suffice to say, this hotel is still on top of its game without doubt. I called ahead to the Concierge (TAZ) to help make some special arrangements for my girlfriend's 30th birthday. From there on they went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and appreciated. At check-in, without asking, I was given a double upgrade to a Grande Luxe room with a great view of 5th Avenue. It's interesting because #1 I know I didn't ask for one and #2 I paid a rate significantly less than advertised and that wasn't held against me. Everyone on the staff we came across wished my girlfriend a happy birthday. They sent up a cake
bubble_40	This was a lovely hotel with nice, clean rooms. Staff was very friendly and polite.  We enjoyed the spa facilities immensely. We only did 2 services because it is  so pricey. Rooftop bar was cool but very busy. We snagged a table by pure luck and enjoyed martini ($24) and sushi. Food in the hotel is just ok. There was very loud music on Saturday until about 2am from a wedding reception in the hotel.
bubble_40	Pretty satisfied with hotel. Very traditional old english, but the rooms are well kept and up-to-date and contemporary. The service is alright. However room service is super expensive ! Well located, however no need for windows as they give onto a wall.
bubble_50	Wonderful experience! Clean and quiet rooms, friendly staff, unbelievable spa/sun deck, great food and awesome rooftop bar. It was the little things that made a  big difference too--mini hand sanitizers in the room (nice to take out into the city with us and often replenished by the time we got back for the day), free bottled water to take with us, turndown service with a bucket of ice and my glasses and book next to the bed stand was a nice touch, and my husband bought flowers and there was a vase in the room to use too! We got a summer deal through Expedia--3 nights and 1 airline ticket (husband coming in from different city on business) for $1200.  This included free internet, $50 hotel credit and 3 days of breakfast (up to $90 each day). Wonderful.  And the rooftop bar was
bubble_50	From my perspective The Peninsula is the finest place to stay in New York City. This hotel is a textbook on understated elegance. The lobby and public areas are not large in scale, but instead are intimate, cozy, and in very good taste. The staff is genuinely concerned about guests and is highly professional. The rooms are tasteful and immaculate. These factors combine with two other characteristics of the Peninsula to make the best in Manhattan: first, the unique location on Fifth Avenue in the middle of the shopping district surrounded by the top name stores and Rockefeller Center; and second, a concierge staff with fantastic connections and knowledge of Manhattan who can arrange almost anything with speed and flair.
bubble_50	Great New York hotel experience!  Service is way beyond good.  Friendly staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome and it home.  Yes it's pricy but if you want the best this is a place to be.  Concierge was especially helpful in making dining plans.
bubble_50	Absolutely worthy of its 5 star status. We only stayed for 3 amazing nights, but loved it. Siohban on reception was lovely, so helpful. The room (upgraded) was perfect, quietly luxiourious and perfectly appointed.Bed and pillows heavenly. Rooftop bar and pool excellent with breathtaking views Well worth the price  - you wont be disappointed.
bubble_50	We stayed in the Peninsula for the first week in August  with our family (3 kids) and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our interconnecting rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The rooms were very quiet and the beds extra-comfy. The staff was attentive and very polite. All our extra requests were handled professionally and with a smile. The breakfast was delicious, the spa was also splendid and the kids liked the pool. It was nice to escape the summer heat and hassle to the tranquil pool room and the sundeck in the afternoon.
bubble_50	We were impressed with the Peninsula from the moment we arrived.  Everyone working at the hotel is helpful and courteous.  Location is ideal - on Fifth near Central Park.    Our room was quiet (courtyard view) and with a well designed layout.  The bathroom was large and there's mood lighting throughout the room.  There's a large room safe.  The bed and pillows are very comfortable.  We slept very well at this hotel.  I liked the convenience of the electronic console that controls everything; lights, TV, telephone etc even the privacy option which mutes the doorbell.  I wasn't able to connect to the free WiFi at first with my iPhone, but a call to the front desk fixed all that.  An internet technician came to our room in a suit (everyone who works here is well dressed) and in
bubble_50	This is my third time in New York City and I had an amazing experience every time. This is my first time at a 5-star hotel and it was tremendous.  The service was impeccable. I could not be happier with The Peninsula. From the start, the staff are very friendly and helpful. From the bell boy who chatted us up to the concierge who spoke French for your convenience. Everyone smiled and greeted us. The spectacular staircase entry to the beautiful, spacious rooms. Love is certainly in the details. Everything you need is in your room: stationary items, a sewing kit, jogging route, plush slippers, free newspaper delivery, A/C control panel, mood lighting AND music in the bathroom. And on and on. Strangely, no coffee maker. There's complimentary coffee at the pool.   The breakfast
bubble_30	I can't rate the hotel, but I've visited the rooftop bar a couple of times. Back in October of last year, it was very good. The wines were expensive, but what's new in New York? The service was good, prompt, and friendly, and the vibe was laid back and 5 star. The views are nice, as well.  Fast forward to August of this year. I was there for drinks with five other people. The first round of drinks came quickly enough. And then a busboy picked up an empty....and another empty....and another empty....and soon no one at the table had a drink. I was watching the wait staff while this happened and saw three of them hanging out talking to each other, and one leaning on a table while talking with somebody else. Tired of the game, somebody at our table flagged one of them over and asked
bubble_40	Stayed there with my wife this July, and loved the experience, but invest time trying to get a decent rate.  It is a small hotel, with not much of a lobby at all, but rooms are quite nice, and importantly, quiet.  This is to be appreciated,a s NY is a noisy and crowded place, and you need your quiet time sometimes. Breakfast is of superior quality ingredients, but I would not consider it especially tasty.  Choices are more in the healthy side. Very friendly service at check in, concierge and breakfast room; great location on Fifth Avenue.   The Peninsula will never disappoint you, just try to get a good deal.
bubble_50	The Peninsula NY... A long story... But I'll try to keep it short! (facts facts facts!) My first encounter with this ideally located hotel was in Dec. 1999, for the Y2K eve with an uncle, aunt and their five sons Then every year I try to return, either in summer or winter. Every time I just feel like: "cool, back home!" There is nothing wrong in this hotel. Everything works smoothly. In your room you will find everything you will find in a Peninsula, but most important: the control panel. A Peninsula signature. Rooms are huge, and we were lucky to get a room overlooking the 5 Ave. everytime! Waking up, opening your curtains (control panel you're my friend for this too!), and watching the early traffic on this ave is a great experience in itself. As we are from Europe, we wake up
bubble_40	I was treated with true hospitality from the very beginning. Although I arrived to the hotel earlier check in time I was upgraded to better room - just not to keep me waiting while booked room is being prepared. Importantly that was made in the middle of high season! Room was nice and comfortable, all advanced equipment and facilities were organized in a very smart way. Interior is of very good taste - there is no unnecessary tinsel but quality of materials and furniture is perfect. I had Breakfasts in main restaurant facing 5ht Avenue and disciplined waiters served a la carte food very professionally. Spa is great although pool itself is too small and it seems to me water in the pool was not that clean. Lifts are made in old fashion manner which brings kind of chic of 30th of
bubble_50	As always The Peninsula hotels live up to all expectations. Service was great and very helpful concierge. location is fantastic. Our suite was spacious and comfortable.
bubble_40	The Peninsula is one of New York's top hotels. Just lovely. The service was worth the visit alone.  My only grouses would be the $8+ Oj and $58 I managed to drop on breakfast. Disappointing is the pokey little rooftop bar (compared to the deck at the Gansevoort in meat packing or the view from the Mandarin it's disappointing). But definitely a good choice if you get the chance.
bubble_50	Perfect location, friendly staff, it is very close to central park, and it really deserves ***** level, bathroom is just awesome
bubble_40	This is a small , elegant and comfortable hotel on east side of manhattan. Not far far from  theatre district , but still very close to saks & bergdorfs. If good weather , it is a beautiful walk thru central park or down fifth to the metropolitan, frick, and neue gallery, my favorites. Life is good!
bubble_40	Stayed here for 3 nights. Service, rooms, pool and sundeck were great. I always love The Peninsula - very reliable. However, the lobby needs to be renovated. It is very tired looking and very awkward staircase/ reception/ concierge situation. Location is great for shopping though and very close to Central Park. The sun deck is amazing and the fact there is a pool is a huge bonus (even if it is very small). The concierge was good, but not as good as the LA Peninsula concierge!!! They are definitely the best.
bubble_30	Stayed here for a week for work. Superb location, right in the middle of Manhattan just off 5th avenue of just south of Central Park. Very elegant, grand old style hotel with some lovely period features. Check-in quick and painless - apart from the constant handing out of $1 bills to various people who 'help' with your bags! Was in a standard room; asked for an upgrade and offerred to pay but the hotel was full. Room itself clean, but nothing special. Bed comfy but not on the large side. Bathroom fine, but lacking in amenities. Towels fairly miserable (though i left a small tip for the chambermaid the next day, and there was a marked improvement!), but again nothing too bad. Dreadful aspect though, looking into a dark courtyard so even during the day there was almost zero
bubble_50	We always try and stay in this fabulous hotel whenever we are in New York.The rooms are beautiful and extremely comfortable.We love the spa especially the pool and roof terrace. I recommend the "Manhattan Retreat" package which includes a fantastic breakfast and hotel credit.
bubble_50	The hotel is a few blocks away from Central Park - really ideal to explore Manhattan. There is an underground station close to the hotel. The room service was good. We got an upgrade at check in and the rooms were spacious and very comfortable. We did visit the spa but it wasn't that great.
bubble_50	The hotel was beautiful and the room spotless and huge!  The bathroom was a girl's dream (the size of most double bedrooms in the UK).  Lots of facilities both in the room and the hotel itslef, including the fabulous gym and swimming pool on the roof terrace.  (And the cocktail bar on the roof is not to be missed).  The staff were extremely helpful and polite, especially at breakfast (which was probably one of the best continental breakfasts ever) and the doorman was brilliant.  Well placed for the best NY stores (Tiffany's etc) and central park.  An abosolute gem. Short walk to Times Square but away from the noise.  Had a fantastic time there. This hotel is stunning and the staff very caring.
bubble_50	How did I miss this hotel during my previous visits to New York...??? Based on the reviews of the service and location , and visit by a relative there I thought I will try it out . This hotel is by far exceeded my expectations, every thing has been taken care of or thought off. All amenities in the rooms have been provided, the professionalism of all the hotel staff is by far superb. They take careof you as if you are the only guest there, non stop greeting by all hotel staff starting at the hotel main door all the way to the room. They make you feel special and they make sure they are doing a good job. Room service is fast , and to my surprise it has been always delicious especially the in room breakfast. Words aren't enough to describe our stay there you have to go and stay
bubble_40	Excellent location, the service is amazing and the rooms are quite a night experience! Highly recommended!
bubble_40	Impeccable service and beautiful spa with sunroof deck though found the therapist too pushy to sell you additional massage or products Used to have in the past fruits or sweats in the room as well as newspaper and had to ask for it this time what is missing in Peninsula is a loyalty program I have stayed in several Peninsula Chicago, Hong Kong and New York and they don't recognize loyal customers with special attention or touch which it is a pity and put at competitive disavantage vs other chains like Jumeirah
bubble_40	Like most Peninsula's, this one has a great location, highly professional staff and lots of extras that kick-up the comfort and luxury notches. The period architecture makes for some strange spaces and, at times, can feel like a labyrinth. It's New York, so expect slightly smaller spaces (in  both rooms and common areas) and the aloofness that accompanies urban living from employees.
bubble_50	My husband took me here for my 40th birthday and it was the extra touches that really made our stay here very memorable.  We had a few issues, and the staff and management couldn't be nicer to make up for it.  They truly went out of there way to make us feel very important!  The concierge book us in an amazing french restaurant for my birthday dinner which just topped off the great time we had in New York.  Thanks to all of the staff for they did, the extra special touches made all the difference.  We truly enjoyed our stay.
bubble_50	I have been disappointed by some of New Yorks finest Hotels so It was a real pleasure to discover The Peninsula and have stayed there several times. The management and personnel are excellent, the restaurant and bars are very good (especially breakfast) and the rooms are very nicely furnished with comfortable beds and everything you would expect in a 5 star hotel. The rooms are a little small but that is to be expected in a major city hotel.
bubble_40	A lovely stay here. Stayed four nights. As our room was not ready when we arrived after a very long flight they up graded us. The bed was very comfortable, the room (a small suite) was nicely furnished and very clean. The bathroom was very comfortable. The hotel is in a perfect location close to the park and close to everything including the subway.  A business trip (stressful) was really enjoyable coming back to this hotel.   All the staff we encountered were extremely pleasant and helpful.   Only the cost was a little steep....
bubble_40	We had a great long weekend trip to New York to celebrate Valentine's day and stayed at the Peninsula.  We found an exceptional deal through Expedia that included Jet Blue flights for free.  We have wanted to try this hotel for some time as we usually stay in Soho or Tribeca but wanted to be near central park.  The location is perfect for Central Park, shopping and the Midtown Joe Shanghai's (wife has to have her bun).  The staff are cordial but not as attentive as I would expect from the Peninsula.  We arrived without someone offering to take our luggage until we had already made it up to the check-in.  Not a problem, we just had our carryons and we did not want to wait for the staff to bring them up, but someone should have asked.  The room was nice, a little old school but
bubble_50	Expensive, but tremendous. Great rooms, front desk, housekeeping, and the Gotham Lounge were great. Fantastic martini.
bubble_50	Everything in my room was upgraded and fabulous.  The pool and exercise are were the best!  Loved every minute.  The bar was cozy and very English.
bubble_50	It is rare to encounter an entire hotel staff that is unfailingly polite, and helpful. This was our experience at the Peninsula. Great location, comfortable rooms, outstanding personnel, what more could one hope for? Highly recommend.
bubble_40	Wonderful stay at the hotel made extra special with the touches by the team at The Peninsula.  The concierge team was fabulous, always going the extra mile to help secure the bookings to restaurants and making recommendations for places to visit.  I have to agree that some of the hardware especially the television needed upgrading, but other than that, it was overall a great experience.
bubble_50	Spent three nights in this hotel in late April.The experience was first rate. Great staff and facilities.Beautiful roof top bar,amazing workout facilities and spa and very nice rooms with a mixture of old world charm and modern amenities. I was alone and as a result was in a standard room but it was relativley spacious and very comfortable. I recommend this hotel highly. It is also very well located with theater, great restaurants, sights and Central Park all very close by.
bubble_50	Always a pleasure to return to the Peninsula NY. I've tried many other NYC hotels but none can compete. Location, rooms, spa, fitness... everything is perfect.
bubble_50	Recently stayed at The Peninsula for a long weekend.  I would not hesitate to stay again.  We had a deluxe room and our travel mates had a superior room.  For the space difference, I would take the deluxe even with the price difference.  You get a larger entry way, larger room and a huge bathroom. I love peninsula beds, they are really comfortable.  We had an inward facing room, but this didn't bother us.  The condition of the room and all facilities were excellent, clean and well-kept.    The staff consistently greet you on your way in and out of the building.  Everyone is very eager to please and provide excellent customer service.  The only minor complaint I have is the front desk staff, while courteous and efficient, I found that we needed to ask questions to items I would
bubble_50	ok, well back again to one of the nicest hotels in my check list.  The Peninsula New York.  i have to admit after my first stay i love this place, however i am just curious about a few things and i think the hotel management should take action in this..   1. the tv is plasma so its old technology and its not really clear, they should change it to something else, LED or something,   2. Vanity set in the bathroom lacks alot of things, such as razor blade/toothbrush/comb etc..   3. no coffee/tea maker or kettle in the room, thats quite important when you fancy a cup of coffee  4. no iron and an ironing board in the room, most hotels have them in the cupboard i dont see why the peninsula doesnt have any, although there is ample space for it.  5. Tv in the bathroom is tiny and can
bubble_50	This hotel is the best in NYC, period. A wonderful boutique hotel that makes you feel like you are at your own home.    The rooms are immaculate and classic.  The mini-bars are indulgent and show the best of new york including Dylan's Candy Bar and Dean and Delucca.    The gym/spa is possibly the best in NYC.  An oasis, truly.   One negative is that the gym is not 24 hours but when it is open, admittedly, the service is spot-on, they know when you need a wet towel when you are on the treadmill, right at the perfect moment!
bubble_50	Have just returned from a 4 night trip with the family. We all quite happily shared a junior suite with the kids on the sofa bed. The rooms were spacious and spotlessly clean, and the views of 5th avenue from the swimming pool on the top floor were fantastic. Although a bit pricey, the location is perfect for sightseeing/shopping, and the staff were amazingly attentive - nothing was too much trouble. We tended to eat out for lunch and dinner, having only breakfast at the hotel which again is a bit pricey but couldnt fault it for variety or quality. Would definately stay again or try another hotel in the chain.
bubble_50	This was our first visit to New York for 10 years .... to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. We decided to travel for a week to see "all the sights" - and have some exceptional meals. We weren't disappointed on either count! We had already e-mailed the hotel to tell them this was a special occasion and when we were shown our room there was a beautiful flower dispaly , a bottle of champagne chilling in an ice bucket , and a selection of chocolate covered strawberries! A wonderful start which only got better.The hotel itself is in a fantastic position and having stayed in 5 star hotels around the world, I can definitely say that this hotel is one of the very best. The concierge, the receptionists , the door staff , in fact all the staff, are so professional and helpful it
bubble_40	I just returned from a three day visit to NYC. To be honest, I was so nervous because of all of the horror stories I read that reference bed bugs (or other bugs), cramped bathrooms etc... in many of the other hotels in NYC. I did a lot of research (months) prior to selecting the Peninsula. I found a number of other Forbes 5 start (and 4 star) properties with bedbug reports but thankfully not the Peninsula! I can be a bit obsessive. We stayed in a Grand Luxe room and enjoyed a nice, open (unrestricted), view. I am not a "city girl" (went for my husband's birthday) but surprisingly enjoyed the sunrise and sunset view from our room. The only issue we had was with the food. Sorry Peninsula - we just didn't enjoy it (food was bland/tasteless). We were exhausted the first night so we
bubble_50	We booked an extended long weekend through Expedia which included a 3-night stay at The Peninsula on Fifth.  It felt like an older hotel with the grand centre entrance and the dark wood, but the rooms were thoroughly modern.  The location of this hotel is great - close enough to all the action but in a tony part of town.  Best of al the service - rooms were always clean, we wanted for nothing.  Frederick at the concierge desk made some great recommendations for dinner/entertainment.  Thumbs up.
bubble_50	We have stayed at the Peninsula since selling our home in NYC. It is a great hotel. We spent a night there last week on a quick trip to NYC and the experience keeps getting better. Reception is friendly and professional and you are made to feel welcomed - not the routine mindless chit chat at other hotels. The rooms are superb especially the suites with two views of Fifth Avenue. This is an pre-war building and there is neither any sound from other rooms nor traffic. Our room was not ready upon arrival so our bags were checked and then placed in our suite prior to our return. There was no churning for tips. With the availability of restaurants in NYC; our only food experience is breakfast and it is first rate. Housekeeping is perfect with the suite sparkling upon arrival. You
bubble_30	I spent five nights last October at the Peninsula New York City.  On prior visits to NY I've had the good fortune to have stayed at The Pierre, the Ritz Carlton and the Four Seasons.  Other then the location at 5th and 55th there is nothing special about this property.  The public spaces as well as the rooms need to be overhauled and brought into the 21st century.  The furniture in my room was nicked and scratched and the wall safe was so difficult to access that it made using it a hazard.  For what this hotel charges per night, and the reputation that it has in Asia as a premier luxury property I expected more.
bubble_50	One of the better hotels in NYC. Excellent room quality (modern, facilities...etc), very professional and accommodative staff, great location (right on 5th Ave), spacious rooms, and good food/room service.  Would definitely recommend it...
bubble_50	This hotel is the perfect location for a visit in NYC. After a day in the city you have your peace in this luxorious place, with a perfect and professional staff. Rooms Are not big if you choose a superior room, but Grand lux rooms are just perfect. We travelled with our kids and the staff was kind with them. Room service was good and fast .The location is perfect too, you are close to the best shopping and central park is just 4 blocks away. Moma is next door.
bubble_50	The staff was welcoming and friendly and just perfect!   They were the most attentive staff we have ever come across.  My family had a planned 2 day Manhattan get away and we extended for an extra day because we just didn't want to leave.  We had such a wonderful time.  Aside from the perfect location and great shopping and museums nearby, we enjoyed this CLEAN hotel.   The food was fabulous.  The breakfast at Fives is something my children are still talking about and the dinner at Salon de Ning was delicious!    Not enough great words to describe how delightful our stay was.  The Peninsula is our new place and we will not stay anywhere else!
bubble_50	My wife and I had a wonderful two night stay in this excellent hotel. As well as the high quality of the accommodation what really set the Peninsula apart was the superb service.
bubble_50	We very much enjoyed our stay here at the Peninsula. The staff was very professional, service was exceptional. We decided to try another hotel (The Standard)  after 3 nights at the Peninsula which was a huge mistake. It was like moving to a motel 6 on stilts. We will stay at the Peninsula again our next visit to NY.
bubble_50	We spent a wonderful 3 days at the Peninsula Hotel. Aside from the unrivaled location(close to shops and museums); we enjoyed the understated comforts of the public areas and rooms, and the discrete attentive service of the staff. The concierge was outstanding. Breakfast in the Fives Restaurant was memorable. We booked a Junior Suite(recommended); and one of the perks that goes with the room package, we get the free use of Mini Cooper Car with driver for 3 hours during our stay, which was handy. Highly Recommended
bubble_50	A big 'thank you' to the Peninsula Hotel for making my first visit to New York such a memorable experience.  From the moment we arrived to such a warm welcome from the doormen and reception staff we were made to feel very special.  Everyone was so friendly and down to earth - not stuffy.  Nothing was too much trouble.  We also had the most comfortable bed ever!  Amazing views from the roof top bar.  Concierge very helpful.  Gorgeous bathroom.  Loved the ride in the private 'Penn One' car down to Times Square. Nice to arrive at the theatre in style!  Great location and we felt very safe.  Would definitely revisit.
bubble_50	Perfect location in the heart of NYC, yet an oasis unto itself.  Once you enter the hotel, you are transported to a serene and opulent environment.  Service is impeccable.  The rooftop bar also offers one of the best views in the city.
bubble_50	I have just arrived within the last hour at The Hotel Peninsula with my wife and son to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. For me the initial greeting at a hotel tells you a lot of what to expect during your stay.The Peninsula didn't let me down.The  welcome was extremely friendly from the minute we arrived. I had let the hotel know in advance we were celebrating a special occasion and we had been upgraded from Junior to Executive suite which is beautiful . Absolutely delighted with that and we certainly never expected a knock on the door and a fantastic tray deliveredwith chocolate covered strawberries, full bottle of classic Champagne and cookies,cupcakes & lemomade as well as a full tray of fresh fruit ..again with strawberries. Absolutely fantastic.The warm welcome from
bubble_50	We had the opportunity to stay here for the first time through Amex Centurion Program.  They were able to accomodate us last minute for New Year's with a suite on an intermediate height floor.  The location is fantastic on 5th Ave, right in the heart of shopping and close to the Park and Theatre area, although a decent walk or short cab ride to Times Square.  Car valet was immediate and pleasant and bags went right to room.  Check in was also easy.  Lobby is elegant and not stuffy in feeling.  It is also relatively small.  Great Christmas decorations.  Our suite had a king BR plus living area with pull out couch and we also added a cot.  It held 3 kids.  We were extremely comfortable and ordered from room service 3 times.  Not a huge selection but enough to get by and very good.
bubble_10	Had drinks at The Peninsula on Saturday night and walked out and will never go back. i understand I'm in Manhatten and I don't look for bargains, but the pricing they have is stupid and gouges the public. I waited to write this until I was sure of the price and after double checking here's why I would say to anyone, STAY AWAY and go somewhere else. A glass of Lagaria Pinot Grigio for $17.00. Are you serious??? A BOTTLE costs $4.99 at Total Wine at various locations so I doubt the hotel pays any more than that. You want to charge $8 or $9 for a glass of wine and the bottle costs you $4.99 and it's NYC, I kind of get that, but $17 is a total rip off. We also had drinks earlier in the day at King Cole Bar and the prices were a lot more reasonable than at the Peninsula. I drink Oban
bubble_50	We stayed in a Grand Luxe Room.  The experience showed high attention to detail.  I would recommend staying here if you're looking to do something special and treat yourself.  1) Master console controls the climate, lighting, audio, and privacy.  2) Plenty of storage with good space planning.  3) Gratis bottled water that is generously replenished.  4) Great bathroom products, including bath salts for the tub.  5) Extremely well maintained; no scuffs on the walls, stains on the rug, or specs of dust.  6) Surprises in the room: The hotel had a bottle of Veuve Clicquot, a slice of amazing chocolate cake, and a bowl of fruit waiting for us since I was celebrating my birthday.  7) Flexibility to accommodate checkout at 1pm so I could relax after my spa treatment (I highly recommend
bubble_30	We were so excited to be visiting the Peninsula New York after our great stays in the Pen in Hong Kong. Plus we were heading to New York for Christmas how much better could it get?!  Well, the rooms are smallish which is fine as after all we were in New York. The location was great, right on Fifth Avenue and 55th. The rooftop bar was fantastic as we sat there and had a drink watching it snow outside. However that is as good as it got.  The service is appalling. I came in one day, freezing cold and carrying at least 10 bags of shopping. I struggled through the door as over 5 staff standing in the foyer just watched me struggling. I made a complaint to the manager who was a lovely woman and responded promptly to my complaint but one day later, the same thing happened again so
bubble_50	We chose to stay at The Peninsula for 3 nights and were not disappointed with our choice. We were up-graded into a Deluxe Room over-looking a court yard. Our room was spacious with King Size Bed (very comfortable with beautiful linen), over-sized desk, comfortable chair, flat screen TV, mini-bar and huge bathroom (bath, TV, separate shower, twin sinks and hairdryer).  The Concierge and Reception Service were faultless, but the key bonus is the position of The Peninsula on 5th Avenue, just 3 blocks away from The Rockafella Centre, a 15 minute walk to Times Square and less than 10 minute walk to Central Park! If you fancy splashing out for a perfect steak, I'd recommend Uncle Jacks Steakhouse which is just 1 block away - I promise you wont be disappointed (rib-eye steak and pork
bubble_50	Stayed for 4 nights as a birthday present.  The hotel is really wonderful:  - lovely rooms, newly refurbished, decent size bathrooms with baths and I think we also had a walk in shower although I am writing this some months later, so cannot recall for sure now. - wonderful food (and nice afternoon tea - worth doing). - the spa is amazing (as is always the case with Peninsulas). - very friendly service indeed.  In particular reception (we asked to see some more rooms, see below, and they couldn't have been more helpful) and the concierge who gave us some first rate dining recommendations. - the Salon de Ning at the top of the hotel is also worth spending an evening in.  Neither the sitting room nor the restaurant are particular "features" in this hotel - both are small.  Great
bubble_50	Just stayed at Peninsula New York and my experience was absolutely amazing! The staff was so thoughtful and attentive. My room was flawless, clean, comfortable and the bed and pillows were so plush. The highlight was my visit to the spa. The women's relaxation room is one-of-a-kind! I also recommend room service -- try the oatmeal and fresh berries! I seriously can't wait to return!
bubble_50	I had a blast in New York during my last visit in June. I had the opportunity to stay for a night at the Peninsula Hotel and I found it  very classy, chic and elegant. The spa is very nice, but my expectations were higher. The waiting room at the spa is silent, comfortable and cozy. They serve you hot tea while you wait for your therapist before your massage.  The hotel location is excellent. It is located at upper-east side in 5th Avenue, a couple of streets from FAO and Apple Store. The metro station is very near too.  Another thing I discovered is that the the bar located at the Penthouse is a hot spot.  You can meet people from everywhere, not exactly from the same hotel, but new yorkers as well.
bubble_40	Last minute trip to NYC. My go-to hotel was booked as was my back up (which happens to be across the street) so I was lucky to get a room at the Peninsula.  I've had drinks at the Gotham lounge a handful of times but this was my first time actually staying here. Front desk was a breeze and I was actually able to get my room about an hour and a half before check-in time. I had a Superior room and it was quite large (according to the site, 370sq/ft) very tastefully decorated. Modern, clean lines, stylish (not that tired minimalistic look) neutral tones... Not too much furniture to crowd the room. The view was a wall or some alley; nothing to look at basically but I wasnt there to peep out the window all day. VERY comfortable bed and linens. The bathroom was quite large but water
bubble_10	I think this hotel is an average 5 star in style and facilities but what pushes it down the ratings, at least in my view, is a blanket indifference of staff to guests needs and a refusal to acknowledge that the standard category rooms are unacceptable in terms of light factor. All standard category room windows face a 1000 meter or higher brick wall a few feet from your room window. There is hardly any light at all and certainly not enough to use the room without the lights on.  When you leave the hotel and go outside it as if you have escaped a prison cell and it takes a few minutes for your eyes to adjust to the light outside.  The hotel calls this wall facing room their 'courtyard view room'. It is a misrepresentation in the extreme and whether you realise it or not the lack
bubble_50	Suffice  to say I had a few issues with housekeeping and one woman at the front desk during a 3 day Thanksgiving stay.  However, after this was brought to management's attention, they promptly and courteously addressed all issues.  They seemed truly concerned, and I appreciated that.  We had a jr. executive suite which gives you 2 rooms, one with a sofa bed.  This worked well for us.  Room service was excellent.  Service and food overall were great, and after one complaint, promptly  handled.  The Lounge was a wonderful place for a drink or light meal.   The location is the best.  I would return.
bubble_50	This is a luxury hotel to the nth degree.  Service, rooms, EVERYTHING is as luxury as it comes - including a standard room rate.  Best prices are by booking online direct through their site.  The standard room is perfection, no need to upgrade unless you're really that bourgeois in which case - god bless ya!  If you live in the City and are looking to do something special/romantic, get a room here for a night, book a couples massage with the Spa, and indulge!!
bubble_50	I've stayed at a number of Peninsula hotels globally and I think it is easily a top 3 luxury brand - alongside Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton/Mandarin Oriental.  I choice this hotel b/c of my familiarity of what a Peninsula should deliver and they did not disappoint at all.  It was a weekend getaway and I wanted to make the room nice for my wife.  The concierge (Frederick) was incredibly helpful.  From rose petals, to chilled champagne, to chocolate covered strawberries, it was all taken care of.  I was greeted nicely by the staff as well.  Service was fantastic and exactly what I expected.  The room was also very nice, typical Peninsula quality.  Luxurious, elegant, well appointed.  I was in a suite and it was not very large (NYC hotels...) but again, it's what one would expect.
bubble_40	This is third visit to New York but our first at the Peninsula.  Having done my research on the hotel, we weren't disappointed! The room did lack a view but was well equipped and the lighting was a very clever and nice touch! The food did leave something to be desired. However you could not fault the service of all the staff.  We were disappointed with Salon de Ning. Having read so much about it, we were really looking forward go patronising this bar and sampling the rooftop views and cocktails!! Having finally managed to squeeze into a couple of seats, we were completely ignored by the several waiters that walked past us and after 10 minutes, we finally walked out! Not being used to this lack of service, we went to the Gotham Lounge and were immediately greeted, seated and
bubble_50	My cousin treated me to a weekend at the Peninsula, in NYC, it was magnificent.  I am pretty well traveled and have had the opportunity to stay in five star hotels in Europe, but the Peninsula NYC blew me away and prompted me to write my first trip advisor review!  What really amazed me was the personal touch of the hotel (in midtown manhattan)...they new our names and treated us as VIPs.  We were personally escorted to our rooms when we checked in and they were gorgeous.  Furthermore, the staff was extremely cultured and interacted with the guests from all parts of the world.  One manager conversed with a group of Arabic speaking guests with no problem..incredible.  The concierge was also great, ask them for restaurant suggestions, they gave us wonderful choices.  I would
bubble_40	Room was comfortable, clean and organized well.  Bed was very comfortable and I enjoyed the lighting functionality.  Staff was pleasant and professional.  Location is hard to beat if you need to get anywhere in NYC you are practically in the middle of it all.  Highly recommend.
bubble_50	I had a fantastic experience at Peninsula during my three day recent stay in October 2011. Having stayed in a number of mid town Manhattan hotels, the legendary Peninsula service truly stood out.  Though my room had no view, every member of staff was outstanding . In particular Richard and Faisal at the concierge desk and all the doormen. I will make sure this is my regular go-to hotel in New York now.  Raj Mishra / Singapore
bubble_50	My husband went to NYC for our wedding anniversay and stayed at the Peninsula, OMG, this was a the best hotel, clean, excellent location and the staff made us feel like we were the only guest, they always addressed us by our last name. I would highly recommend this hotel, the price maybe a little high, but worth every penny.
bubble_10	Yes it's NYC but you would expect that when you stay in one of the hotels suites that the staff would be pleasant and polite. You would also think that when they say they would look into something for you and get back to you they actually would. Not this lot!  This is THE most expensive hotel i have stayed at , and I have stayed a lot of top 5 star hotels and overall the staff are some of the rudest.  never again
bubble_50	We stayed here on a recent visit in September when the entire city was busy. I would like to thank the entire staff to make our trip a special one. Kristin from Guest Services was a star - always smiling, regardless how busy.  The location is perfect for the business & leisure traveller and we had great tips for restaurants from the concierge (Fabian?). Thank you for making our stay in NYC so memorable.
bubble_50	Some hotels we've visited seem to take their reputation for granted.  (Indeed, some we've stayed in don't even seem to care.)  Not The Peninsula--at least not during our four night stay over Labor Day weekend. Admittedly, I'm a bit strange on how to spend travel money.  On some things, I don't mind splurging, and on others I balk.  As much as I loved the Peninsula, I had both reactions.  The rooms, of course, are expensive--even if you get a bargin price on a Deluxe room promotion (as i did through Expedia).  That, I didn't mind, because the room was beautiful!  For a grande old hotel, it was thoroughly modern.  The audio, HVAC, and lighting system was the most sophiticated I've seen in any hotel.  All functions were controlled bedside in a dedicated remote control box.  The
bubble_40	Room was well appointed, medium sized, and the housekeeping was excellent.  The bathroom was very spacious and the complimentary bath products were decent.  Concierge staff was wonderfully helpful and all their recommendations were spot on.  Good location for getting around the city.  Dining inside the hotel was very overpriced, but the breakfast and appetizers we enjoyed were all good.
bubble_40	The Peninsula is one of several luxury hotel chains well represented by their New York properties--the Four Seasons, St. Regis, Ritz Carlton and Mandarin Oriental are others.  All are located midtown--a rather touristy area, but filled with well regarded restaurants, shops and the Museum of Modern Art.  It was a pleasant shock when the Pen appeared on my favourite private sale website as part of a package that was an amped of version of their own Summer Splendour package--it included a room upgrade, hotel credit and a yoga or personal training session (usually you choose one), plus breakfast.  And the Pen ended up being a none too shabby place to be "stuck" while riding out Hurricane Irene, which extended our stay from 3 to 5 nights (the last 2 nights on the traditional Summer
bubble_40	The Peninsula is a well-located property on 5th Avenue - easy walk to shopping, Central Park and Broadway.  Make sure you get a high floor room.  We stayed in a Grand Luxe Room on the 4th floor for the first couple of nights.  Very spacious and well furnished (except for the tv/drinks cabinet which was very bashed).  The problem was that we were directly above the front entrance - very gloomy outlook.  We were moved to the same room type on a much higher floor afterwards - vastly different experience.  The main highight for us was the rooftop indoor pool which directly overlooked the 5th Avenue "canyon" leading downtown.  Surreal.  This is the reason for the 4th star of our rating.  The service was patchy.  Friendly until we had the "affront" to complain about the first room.
bubble_40	After we had to evacuate downtown Manhattan due to Irene we needed a hotel that would accept our pet, and The Peninsula was one of them. Full disclosure, I did work at this hotel over five years ago though I currently have no affiliation with them. The staff no matter where you are in the hotel is excellent and professional. I called ahead of time to get pre-checked (I booked same day with Amex Fine Hotels and Resorts) and when we arrived I just had to give my ID and a credit card and everything else was ready.   They offer dog amenities (dog bowl with food, water and a little dog bed). Because of the fine hotel program with amex we were double upgraded to a city view room. The room was comfortable with a king size bed, desk, tv/minibar/printer, dvd and chair. Bathroom is
bubble_50	On my way to the Hamptons for Labor Day, I stopped in NY for a night and I was glad The Peninsula was interim destination. As you would expect from any Peninsula, the service was impeccable, they did not mind a very, very late check-in and the bathroom was surprisingly big for NY...the little (or big) things we call life's pleasures.  Whether it's a long journey or just a quick and condensed sample of NY that you're looking for, TP should always be on your "to check availability" list.
bubble_40	Room was clean and well appointed.  Staff was attentive.  Entry was awkward with too many levels and steps, but there are plenty of staff to help.  While room was slightly cramped, it was very comfortable, had every amenity one might need, wireless access was instant.  Spa treatments excellent.  Room service prompt and tasty.
bubble_50	How can you beat the location?  The welcome alone was way over the top - greeting our kids by name with their own welcome package and snack!  The room was excellent and well appointed.  The concierge (Richard) was particularly helpful with restaurant reservations. The pool is terrific. It isn't inexpensive but it was worth every penny!
bubble_40	Spent six nights at this top New York hotel summer 2011. Highly recommended.
bubble_40	Location is fantastic, food is good quality, the service overall is more than 5 star standard.  Concierge people are so knowledgeable it's just too good.   The bed is soooooooooooo comfortable, I loved every time we went out that I always look forward to coming back to the hotel, Honestly I was impressed how the hotel catered for my son, they send him a " what to do menu and teddy bears and his own business card" nice touch well done to them, It's a hotel that cares.... I liked my New York trip because I stayed there and I am recommend it to everyone.
bubble_10	I had business in New York City on the Friday leading into the Memorial day weekend.  I thought it would be an excellent opportunity for a quick family excursion.  I spent a couple of days researching the Manhattan area for the best 'luxury value' and ran across the Peninsula.  Relative to other similar status properties in the area, the Peninsula seemed to offer us the best price for accommodations for three (husband, wife, young adult daughter).  I learned the hard way to follow the wisdom of the trip advisor crowd.  Here's my story.  Typically, I would have booked this hotel through my Amex Platinum Card Fine Resorts and Hotel program, but I found a much better value by calling the Peninsula's reservation desk.   The reservationist arranged our accommodations, king with
bubble_50	I usually stay at the Waldorf when in NY but thought Id try a change. I am so glad I did. This hotel is wonderful. I had a truly fantastic stay there. The staff are so good at their jobs its kind of shocking. We ordered a car to collect us from JFK and they must have radioed to teh hotel as the recptionist , Hazel, was waiting on the steps for us to check us in! She said y"ou must be X and this must be your daughter x". She checked us in so fast then took us up to room. When getting our car on return to the airport, again I saw one of the staff radio for the car so subtley, they have these little ear pieces, I heard him say "X party on way down, get car ready" and its there waiting with a smiling driver. Beautiful, spacious room. Lovely details like a memory card slot in the TV
bubble_50	My family and I stayed here for two days earlier this month. To be fair we had a substantial discounted rate but I swear after our time there we would pay full price to go back.  The place is just first class all the way around. Every one was so nice - especially to our kids-  the rooms are amazing -  and the pool and work out area -  unreal !   It has a great great location and I cannot say enough about our overall experience   First class !
bubble_30	$800 a night - why?    Not quite 5-star service (name checking when coming back, from somebody I'd spoken to at least twice before), plus only two people on reception when we arrived (11pm) so took over 10 minutes to check in.  Wake up, whoever runs these joints - if "ultra-luxury" is your by-word, then a lot of ultra-changing is needed.
bubble_50	My first mother daughter trip to NYC was made extra special by the Penninsula Hotel. The room was quaint and clean.  The staff was consistently pleasant, sincere and helpful. Fredrick, the concierge, was a particular stand out.    The food at Fives, their restaurant,  was average. The location was amazing, walking distance to many places of interest.
bubble_50	Just returned from a four day trip...everything was great. The service from everyone--lobby, front desk, restaurant, etc. was excellent (everyone was so nice). The rooms were inviting and clean. The location is the best in Manhattan. In general, the total atmosphere of the hotel added immensely to our enjoyment of the trip. I'll be staying there again when I return.
bubble_30	My wife and I recently spent a long weekend in New York and stayed here largely based upon good experiences we have had at the Peninsula Chicago.  We were disappointed.  Compared to the grand hotel feel of the Chicago hotel, the common areas of this property are small and unexceptional.  As Amex platinum card holders, we have become accustomed to receiving sometimes very substantial room upgrades at their participating fine hotels.  Not here.  Although the hotel did not seem crowed on a March weekend, we were put in a standard fare room in the rear of the hotel with no view.  While there, we didn't have to worry about being bothered with turn-down service there, because there was none.   Despite being located right off Fifth Avenue, with thousands of cabs whirring by, having the
bubble_30	We have stayed at the Peninsula many times over the last ten years.  The quality of the service has always been top notch.  We were disappointed from the time we arrived on this visit.  We arrived around midnight, as was expected.  There was neither doorman nor bellman at the front door when we arrived.  We hauled our own bags up the stairs to the front desk.  There we found the man on duty pulling on his suit jacket as he roused himself from sleep.  That pretty much summed up the general level of service throughout the duration of our stay.  When there were doormen and bellmen at the front door during the day, they were usually chatting together rather than opening doors and greeting guests.  To be fair, the rooms were clean and the cleaning staff were very friendly.  However,
bubble_50	I loved this hotel. Never mind the somewhat outdated rooms - phone in the toilet - who does that these days? ..and the old Sony over the bathtub. Free internet throughout the hotel is a plus, a rare one at that in NYC. Location is unbeatable and the gym/pool/spa are really New York's finest. Workout while watching the city move, enjoy the pool and relax spa area. Ended up staying in every night and working out - best way to get rid of jet lag. Certain snobbish element if you're not family money or in banking but well worth it.
bubble_30	I stayed at the Peninsula in Feb 2011 on a business trip to NY.  What I liked about the peninsula- Location. At 55th and 5 Avenue, Location in NY cant get very much better! Great place to be based if you want to shop-just a stone's throw from Saks, Barney's, Henry Bendell, Zara, Tiffanys and Bergdorf.  Concierge-The concierge had some good recommendations for a variety of places to watch the super bowl, and we landed up at a place we rather liked. Also,this was one hotel with a shopping map for 5th Ave, Soho and Greenwich,which is the first I have seen on multiple NY trips! very ingenious  What I didnt like- the rooms. Mine overlooked a set of balconies of the Peninsula so the view was uninspiring. Kind of spoilt ,as I usually stay at the Trump overlooking Central Park. The
bubble_50	My family of 6 stayed at the Peninsula just before Christmas. The concierge desk did a fantastic job of booking restaurants in the area and we loved the Mini-Cooper we could book for 3 hours to drive us around Manhattan. Service and attention to detail we impeccable by all the staff.
bubble_50	Just stayed at the hotel for 5 days, terrific service and staff, lovely rooms and a location that cannot be beat
bubble_30	I have stayed at the Peninsula several times over the year and unfortunately will not be returning.   I love the location and the room service - and the spa is amazing - however, this time my visit was spoilt by some bad experiences.  I booked to stay for three nights and then opted to to extend for another two nights. The initial room was tiny - even though I'd been promised an upgrade. When I questionned this - the manager confirmed that I'd not been upgraded and arranged for me to move the following day - whilst the mistake was rectified - it caused unnecessary disruption in having to move rooms. When I originally challenged the size of room, I was told that it was all they had by the receptionist - only for the manager to say that this was not the case.  Additionally,
bubble_50	I love the Peninsula Hotel in NYC. I go often on business and always stay there. It's a first class hotel, and the amenities include the spa, restaurant, pool, and business center. It's located right on Fifth Ave, so out your door is shopping galore. The pool is very relaxing, and it's well worth going up to take a quick swim. What a wonderful oasis in the middle of Manhattan. The service is impeccable, as they greet you by name when you return home after a long day.
bubble_50	We stayed 3 nights at The Peninsula. The staff from concierge to reception to waiters do their utmost to provide excellent service. The rooms are lovely. Only drawback is the price.
bubble_50	Impeccable reception staff handled the check in without fuss. The rooms are large and well furnished and the bathrooms are very impressive. A really lovely place to stay and unwind and enjoy this incredible city. I found the location to be perfect- we walked everywhere. Highly reccomend this place.It's pricey but for a special treat......go on you know you want to :)
bubble_50	Just returned from a 5 night trip to NYC. We stayed at The Peninsula NYC for the first time, already knowing the chains hotels in BKK and HKG. Our stay was perfect right from the start. We were upgraded to a Grand Luxe Room overlooking 5th Avenue. We were escorted to our room within 2 minutes after arrival and check-in. The room on the 9th floor looked and smelled like we were the first guests in it. Absolute clean, no spots, everything as accurate as you would expect it from one of the worlds-best hotel-chains. Despite the 5th Avenue loverlook, I slept like a baby (and I am very prone to noise. Absolute no sound from outside or the other few rooms on your flor and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel. No comparison to the either stone-hard or
bubble_50	It had been a number years since we had an opportunity to travel to NY for pleasure.  We stayed at the Peninusla for the fisrt time.  It was perfect in so many ways.  The bellstaff was friendly and welcoming when arriving at the front door and the front desk staff professional and accomodating.  Our room overlooked Fifth Avenue but not a sound was to be heard.  It was quiet, pristine, warm, comfortable and luxurious.  In simple terms, the room was perfect!  Oh, and the bed, so, so comfortable.  We enjoyed the location as it allowed us to walk all around mid-town and was convienent to catch a cab or the subway.  Each evening we migrated to the roof top bar and enjoyed the setting and views.  NY at night is so beautiful and this space is perfect to enjoy the romance of the city
bubble_50	Excellent location: near the Park, one block from Madison, Rockefeller Center, etc. Room recently refurbished, a bit small and with a tube TV but still excellent. Great service all around, room service especially good. Complimentary WiFi throughout the property. Try the rooftop bar. Excellent choice, just bear in mind that the decor is a bit traditional ie. stuffy.
bubble_10	We typically travel some 10-12 weeks a year for pleasure (business in addition) and usually stay at top hotels. If at all possible we stay at Peninsulas/Mandarin Orientals as they are hotel groups based in Hong Kong, our home city.  We checked in at about 9.15 pm in late Dec, booking made through Amex Centurion. The Front Desk had a pre-printed form on which I was asked to sign.  I noticed that apart from my name, all personal details were wrong: address, telephone number etc.  I brought it to the attention of the lady at the Front Desk and she insisted that  she had my address right and then rattled out a previous stay of that other person at Bangkok.  Naturally I told her that I knew my address, that I had not stayed with them in Bangkok and that the hotel had me confused with
bubble_40	one of the very few five star diamond awards hotels of this world. they know your wish before you konw it! a spectecular oasis in a noisy town. treat yourself to the spa, its worth it. the rooms are spacious with spectacular views, however they are styled the very oldfashioned way, not my particular taste. the rooftop restaurant, however does not compete.
bubble_50	We stayed for three night at this beautiful hotel. Had booked a superior room, got it upgraded to Deluxe in some reason and then when I came to check in and showed my Amex Platinum they upgraded right away to a Grand Deluxe room with view to 5th street.  Bathroom was astonishing and big. A bathtub with a tv in front of it, very nice shower. Top class room. Sure it is expensive, but this is perfection. Both hotel and service and rooms and location.  The hotel also has a perfect Spa where we had our lunch with very nice views of the City. Also there is a very nice Rooftopbar.  Micke & sa
bubble_50	I spend 30-60 nights per year in 5 star hotels, but the Peninsulas are in their own league. Fablous and friendly service. No haughty attitudes. Very tasteful rooms with everything perfect. Not cheap, but it's New York. Of all the Peninsula hotels I've stayed in, the New York Peninsula slightly less perfect than the ones in newly constructed buildings--Beverly Hills, Bankok, and Chicago. The common areas (lobby, restaurant) in the New York Peninsula are somewhat less grand than the others. It's still my favorite New York hotel. Great gym.
bubble_40	Summary: This hotel is going to set you back a whole lot of pennies, and while it is difficult to justify spending so much, the experience itself was fantastic. Their fitness center is amazing, their rooftop bar and restaurants are great, the rooms fairly sized and luxurious, and service is spectacular.   Room: I was in a standard King room. While the size of it won't astound anyone, it was large enough to feel spacious. The king bed was great (read luxurious), and the bathroom was sizable with a large bathtub. I was initially annoyed by the centralized lighting system, but after awhile it grew on me. My room even had a tiny grilled balcony. The room itself lived up to my expectations  Service: I guess the entire niche of the Peninsula is hiring mostly Asian staff, and they were
bubble_50	When we decided for the Peninsula we had been unsure about the standard of one of the older luxury hotels in NYC.  Luckely we made the right decision: the hotel not just has the perfect location right on 5th Avenue and close to Central park. But more important the service level remembered us of Asian hotels in Bangkok or Singapore. The staff at the entrance, in the lobby, at the reception and concierge as well as at the Spa has been extreme polite but also discreet. Everything went smoothly without any kind of hiccups.   In addition the maintance of the room has been that excellent that we felt as the first guest in our room. The TV had a nice panel with plug ins for memory cards, USB sticks and even ipods. The bathroom was huge and well equipped (incl. TV screen next to the
bubble_50	The Peninsula is our retreat in mid-town Manhattan. The staff are friendly and accomodating, the rooms are grand but not fussy or glitzy.  We enjoy eating in the restaurants after a busy day of museums and/or shopping. The lobby bar offers good food and occupies a pleasant nook away from the busy lobby.  Do have breakfast in the dining room and observe the New York power brokers, the rich and (sometimes) famous at the next table.  We loved the new spa and fitness center. There are relaxation rooms to use before or after spa treatments that provide extra time to decompress or to extend the bliss. This hotel just keeps on getting better and better.
bubble_50	Spent the night here with my husband and did some NY sightseeing/shopping. We weren't in the hotel much, but when we were it just couldn't have been better. The rooms are immaculate, modern, clean, lovely. The bathrooms are HUGE and well-fitted. The staff; from check in to check out, were on it. No detail was overlooked. I utilized the spa while i was there, super experience again, friendly helpful staff...very pricey, but oh so good. My only complaint was my evening night-cap drink at the bar which cost a fortune! But, hey, it's NY, so we grinned at each other and drank our $20 plus cocktails (that's for a gin and tonic folks). If you can swing it and you are heading to the big apple, this is a grand place.
bubble_50	Finally, my quest is over.  In my travels I've stayed in many 5 star hotels only to walk away wondering "Is this it"? Well now I have a bench mark to compare other 5 stars to. This hotel has it all.  Top notch location, housekeeping,  customer service, cleanliness.  The staff were pleasant, and always addressed me by name....not sure how they knew me?  The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept on and the room controls to handle lighting, TV, radio, temperature is bleeding edge.  A little over the top were 3 phones in the  bathroom, which was gigantic by New York standards.  The rooftop bar was great, pricey but great.  A nice touch was the Easter treats that they personally delivered to my room.    Can't say anything negative about this hotel.
bubble_50	I have recently stayed at the Peninsula 1 night for business and all I can say is it is worth every penny. Great Hotel, Great service and Great location.  The room that I have stayed was small but enough for 1 nights business stay,
bubble_30	I am here as I write this. Location is great, the staff is friendly and welcoming. I realize I got a great discount rate for a "superior" room but superior to what I don't know.  Room is small, with an ugly  "courtyard view" and you can hear the humming of generators or fans or something.  O.K. discounted rate, so room is not the best, but I guess a discounted rate means NO HOT WATER!  We had to wait looong to get warm water, then a bit of hot.  At one point I had to literally get out of the tub in the middle of my shower and wait for the hot water to come back.    I told the front desk this and they said they would send an "engineer" to check.  Well don't know if the engineer ever came into the room, or what this "engineer" could even do about it, but water is still cold.  We
bubble_50	The Peninsula Hotel remains my favorite city hotel of anywhere we've stayed.    The room was large and comfortable.   The bathroom was especially luxurious (large bathtub w television, separate shower, 2 sinks, etc.) Despite the fact that the annual Puerto Rican Day Parade was going on right outside our window, the sound did not travel in as to disturb us.    The bed was incredibly comfortable, and I cannot wait to return.
bubble_50	spent a week at the peninsula.  very nicely presented hotel.  in great location with subway two blocks away.  room was grand but nothing special.  bathroom was spacious and even had a tv in it.  main living area was tight given the cost of this place!!  although this seems to be a general nyc thing!!  room service was great and reasonably priced!  overall would recommend but just lacking that x factor!!
bubble_50	Really nice hotel, great room service, very comfy bed, nice welcome, good range of TV channels, maid service excellent. We really liked the integrated technology (controls lights, air, TV, privacy, make-up-room all from one panel). There are a lot of business people at the hotel but it was never a problem for us. Staff were always helpful and polite.  The location is good, you are in the middle of 5th avenue and times square is 10 minutes away. Central park 5 minutes. You can walk to most things.  The thing we really loved in the hotel was breakfast at Fives. The poached eggs were perfectly cooked and hot, bacon was crispy, service was perfect (not too fast and not slow), coffee was great but the best thing was the selection of pastries - really amazing. We stayed at the Ritz in
bubble_30	This was our first time at a Peninsula Property and I was disappointed.  Stayed here for a long weekend in Feb 2010.  Brought our 8 mos old little girl.  The hotel set  up a crib with an infant rob and slippers which were a very thoughtful touch.  We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite which was well appointed by new york standards.  The service however was a major disappointment.  We ordered continental breakfast for 2 which consisted of a luke warm pot of coffee and 2 croissants and some butter.   No muffins, no OJ, no jams or preserves.    Total cost with tip:  $95.  Even I have limits.  This was so ridiculous went out to dukin donuts 50 yards down the street for coffee and pastries each morning in the cold and was far happier.  I doubt I will be staying at this hotel again.
bubble_50	Perfect location, facilities and manner of staff. Fully recommended !!!
bubble_50	We've been staying at boutique hotels the last year or so, but it was nice to visit a five star again. With the package deal we got thru Expedia the price was almost the same as a boutique.  At this Peninsula we especially enjoyed the newly renovated rooms, great bedding, outstanding location, roof top bar, up-market amenities and free treats, and the speedy room service.  P.S. we saw two really good plays this trip: "A Behanding in Spokane" and "God of Carnage".
bubble_40	great location, heavenly bed with fabulous bathroom, dont forget to visit the bar on the roof in a summer night, have a cup of Manhattan in the center of Manhattan but it is a bit pricey
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula in NY for 3 days, as a short break from a long business trip. I had my 3 year old daughter with me and was worried she would run riot in such a grand hotel. Well, she didn't simply because the staff were fantastic, friendly and most of all extremely professional. The rooms are spacious, perfectly equipped and comfortable, likewise the bathrooms are enormous and have all the gadgets/comforts you will ever need. I would say that weather you are traveling for business or pleasure, weather you are alone or with family, this hotel can cater for your every need. The rooftop pool was relaxing and had everything you needed to extract you from the hectic city life downstairs. One other thing which has to be said, although obvious, the location could not be
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula Hong Kong in October, and my husband and I agree it is probably one of the top three hotels in the world for us (George V, Paris and Wynn Tower Suites, Las Vegas being the other two) so we had exceptionally high expectations. This is now our favourite New York Hotel. The service was impeccable. We are Australian and we don't have cell phones on roaming in the USA, so the check-in desk said they would find a way to text us when the room was ready, even though they had never done this before. The room, whilst it didn't have a view, {Well, it is Manhattan)  was lovely and newly refurbished. The gym was fabulous. We like to watch televisions and ride elliptical machines and the number of hotel gyms around the world who have sub-standard equipment or
bubble_50	We stayed in the Peninsula hotel  for 3 nights in December, and loved it! The service was wonderful and a very high standard, food was also excellent. The location is outstanding, in the centre of everything [Central Park/ 5th Avenue/ Rockefeller Centre/ Times Square]. The design of the hotel is very understated glamour, and you might expect more for your money, but it is New York, and the service is second to none. The hotels hidden gem is the rooftop terrace bar [Salon de Ping], which gives amazing views of 5th Avenue, cocktails are great too! The hotel is very pricey to stay at, but we went for a very special occasion and felt it was worth the treat! Do it if you can!
bubble_50	This is a pricey hotel but it certainly is a fantastic hotel, they had taken note of my husbands birthday and upgraded us to a room overlooking 5th avenue, very nice rooms, I especially like the TV in the bath tub!  Ate in the resturant in the evening, as well as taking afternoon tea in the tea room, breakfast was great there too,
bubble_50	I saw the most celebrities at the Peninsula than I have ever seen in my life. Great rooms,amazing restaurant (where I ate next to John Travolta) the food was amazing! My dad went to the restroom next to Brad Pitt. Jokes apart, the hotel is gorgeous and it's definitely worth the spend!
bubble_40	After a long journey from london, they have a pool you can relax in until 9:30pm(the view is amazing from the pool...) not to mention a sauna and steam facility. We had a superior room which was great, the view was just other rooms, but we didn't really need a view. It was a wonderful hotel, brilliant staff and the overall appearance makes it feel grand. the location is fantastic too, right opposite trump towers(and for all you shoppers, its right on 5th avenue.....i.e. Zara, Armani Exchange, Cartier, F.A.O Schwartz, H&M and many more, walking distance to central park and about 5-10 mins walking from times square.   be warned though, the hotel is expensive, massages cost a fortune!! and room service.....is literally pocket emptying....(although if you walk out the front door
bubble_40	To me this is one of the icon hotels , with a perfect location , I like the style and feel. Rooms and bathrooms are very comfortable , but avoid the smaller room categories. Room service and maid service has worked excellent when I have stayed there.  Unfortunately the service level is sub par from doormen , bellhops and front desk. Not even close to Pen Bev Hills . However this seems to be an issue with all NYC hotels.  It is a great hotel as long as you don't have to eat and drink there. The restaurant is  terrible , menu , prices , service and decor . The bar has a good location and layout , but again the service is dreadful , they spend more time chatting with employees than attending to guests .
bubble_50	This is my kind of hotel - lovely, old school opulent without being garish, renovated with quietly sexy rooms - a place for grown -ups, not club kids.  I got a decent rate on jetsetter.com - otherwise the Peninsula is out of my price range.  I have also stayed at the Peninsula Beverly Hills and I prefer the staff here in NYC - they are more polished and pleasant.  While we were checking out I overheard  a staff person at the front desk try to get a new chair for a guest because he had back problems.   I live in the NYC area so I don't stay at city hotels that much (3 -6 times a year maybe) but this is my kind of place.  Next time I'll try to get there earlier to head to the spa (I 've seen photos - looks spectacular) and do a yoga class (fitness classes are complimentary for
bubble_40	Spent a long weekend with my 5 year old son over Columbus Day.  Stayed in a grand deluxe room which was spacious (did not get the Amex Platinum upgrade to jr exec suite as it wasn't available, which was a bit disappointing).  Overall we found the room comfortable and quiet, but lacking in details.  I had to call to get a child's robe (though they knew I was bringing him), room service completely messed up our dinner (I ordered a tomato basil pizza and we got some chicken disaster, for example).  We chose to stay her because of the pool, and it was nice, although the first time we went up there were 2 lap swimmers and so not enough room for a little one to play - its pretty small.  In hindsight I think the Mandarin would have been a better choice - also has a pool and I Think
bubble_30	Stayed for 5 nights in a deluxe room facing 5th/55th. Overall the room was very quiet, well appointed, good bed, amazing bathroom and comfortable space - if you are travelling alone. However, with 2 people in the room, it can become a little crowded as the room sizes are not that big. The bathroom is big - well appointed, but still lacking the small things - like bath salts. Most 5-star luxury chains provide this without request. Here, it is suggested that these products are available in the lobby shop!  While the room was very satisfactory, the hotel was not. Let's start with the lobby - there is none. Build on 2-4 levels (depending where you are), the main area is broken up into a small seating area just off the entrance steps, then more steps to the 555 restaurant (very
bubble_50	A beautiful hotel with a great location. The rooms were spacious, beautifully decorated with one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The bathroom was enormous and watching the TV mounted directly ahead of you in the wall was a particular treat.  Service was excellent, both for breakfast - which typically New York was vast to a Londoner's eyes- and in the rooftop bar which has amazing views of the city.  I really couldn't fault the hotel. It's not a cutting edge designer or boutique hotel - and doesn't try to be. This is a classy, quiet and elegant hotel which just works to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Hard to want more really.
bubble_50	As with all Peninsula's Michael Kadoorie, the obsessive owner, has made this a first rate experience. I found it expensive, despite getting an excellent corporate rate, and the rooms rather small - akin to a london hotel really. I found the room a  bit "fussy" also. Fantastic location and service as to be expected.  If your budget stretches, streets ahead of most similarly priced competitors.
bubble_30	We have recently returned from a 5 day trip to New York staying at this hotel. The hotel did not negotiate any special rates but we stayed because we had been there before and to its sister hotel in Hong Kong, and were perfectly happy with our stays. On this occasion we felt things had slipped a bit and were somewhat impersonal. For example three days into the stay we had a note posted under the door asking when we were going to be checking out. I rang reception and explained that I had prepaid for 5 days and queried their letter. They said that they had made an administrative error. Their resolution was to give us some new keys to ensure we could get into the room for the rest of the stay.  On that same evening we returned to hotel and decided to have a drink in the rooftop bar
bubble_50	My husband and I stayed at this hotel from Sep 4-7, 2009 with our children, ages 10, 8 & 5 months and my parents.  Though we are big FS fans and have stayed at the FSNY several times, I think we may have found a new home during NYC visits.  This hotel was cozy and the staff was warm and friendly.  Our experience exceeded our expectations!  The rooms were impeccably clean and well-maintained.  The decor is warmer than the FSNY.  We had adjoining rooms which were well-suited to traveling with three children.  Though the views of 55th and 5th Ave cannot rival views of Central Park on the higher floors of the FSNY, I would not hesitate to stay here again.  The design of the hotel is such that it feels more intimate than the FSNY (though we love the FSNY's I.M. Pei designed entry).
bubble_50	Perfect 2-day stay at the Peninsula for Labor Day weekend. Extremely nice and helpful staff (nice recommendation for brunch for example, Norma's at the Parker Meridien was great) , perfect location (55th and 5th) and great rooms, even the "cheap" ones - ours on the 18th floor had a view on 5th to the South and into the Moma Sculpture garden. Room was very large, with a huge bathroom, including a glorious (though small) bathtub - why glorious ? it's got a tv - watching college football in a warm bath after a long day walking in the city is GLORIOUS ! All in all a great stay - we got a tremendous deal through Orbitz, though, so our take on the value is probably skewed. We didn't try the swimming pool or the spa unfortunately, but went to the rooftop bar, great place, $20 cocktails
bubble_50	My husband and I traveled to New York for our 15th anniversary and stayed at the Peninsula.  The staff, service, accomodation, dining, spa and all services were 5 star.  The room was clean and quiet.  The bed comfortable.  The bathroom was spacious and all ammenities provided were sufficient.  The only concern we had was the shower sprayed water on the tub ledge which then flowed onto the floor.  We had to use towels to creat a damn  to prevent further flooding.    The rooftop lounge was a special way to end an evening on Broadway.  Although pricey, the view and romantic surroundings were worth it.  The location was within easy walking distance of all major sights including Times Square, Broadway theaters, Central Park, shopping and subway stops.  We thoroughly enjoyed the
bubble_50	My husband and I just spent a weekend at The Peninsula after wanting to stay there for some time, and we were very favorably impressed.  Having stayed at most of the top NYC hotels, we liked the Peninsula's elegance without glitz and its genuinely friendly staff.  Some other hotels seem to have the philosophy that a snobbish attitude on the part of the staff lends an air of exclusivity; that just puts us off.  Every single employee we encountered during our stay had a smile and a pleasant greeting, whether  a maitre d' or a housekeeper.  We always felt welcome and appreciated.  The public areas were elegant, but a little bit dim due to the dark wood and olive green carpeting.  Because the lobby areas are on multiple levels and the ceilings are somewhat low in some spots, the
bubble_50	I had always wanted to stay at The Peninsula but always stayed in hotels around central Park for their view and location as I like to jog while on business trips.  Having read the weather forecast prioro to my visit I realized thata no outdoor jogging  was happning with the rainy outlook so I decided to give it a try. the hotel is undergoing a remodelation that keeps a scafold over the entrace not giving you the first imppression, but the rest of my experience more than made up fot this.  I found the lobby very intimate and well appointed. The check in staff was exrtremely courteus and gave me an upgrade to a room overlooking Fifth Avenue. I have to saty that this hotel has among the best bathrooms I have seen in NYC, extremely spacious with separate tub and shower,  rivalring
bubble_50	Delightful service, well equipped room, charming staff.  Fab Ning Bar.  Expensive but worth every penny for my husband's Christmas present!
bubble_50	We had a great five day stay a coupla months ago.  The service is great, rooms well appointed and nice location near Central Park.  We especially liked the redone outdoor area which is oh so trendy but a lot of fun.  The people were nice, the pool is adequate (tough to find a pool in NYC).  and sauna, etc. well above average.  Seems  like a boutique hotel and I have stayed there twice this year and plan a few more stays.  If you are pinching pennies this is not the place for you with $22 cocktails and $60 parking.  Ate at Bice and Botega del Vino resturants nearby.  The restaurant was empty and pricey with just ok food.  The Salon de Ning bar has some finger foods so a better choice--perfect on a summer night.  All in all a great experience!
bubble_50	I treated my Sister for a 4 night stay last November for her 40th and went by the excellent reviews on tripadvisor.  We were not disappointed.  The room (Grand-Deluxe) was everything we expected and more.  The beds and pillow choices were amazing, hugh bathroom and separate shower (although ours wasn't very powerful) so the extra hand rail shower worked well.  Delicious cake treat for my Sister on arrival and overall enjoyed our stay in this very expensive hotel.  If we could afford it, would revisit without hesitation.
bubble_40	Just stayed here last weekend.  Booked the trip on Orbitz.  Thought it was a good deal for that caliber of hotel and airfare.  Big room, no view but we didn't care as it was clean and very quiet.  Didn't use hotel services or food.  Went instead for great bagesl, pizza and Chinese food that we can't get at home.
bubble_50	After reading some of the prior reviews we were apprehensive about staying at this hotel. We booked it anyway and stayed from Friday to Sunday. WOW. I have stayed at many five star hotels for business and pleasure and this one has to be the best so far. The staff from the door man JASON  who was so kind in helping me program my GPS because I had to drive to New Jersey for a meeting to the room service were so friendly yet so professional. The room was beautiful. We upgraded upon arrival to a fifth Avenue view (worth the price). The bathroom with a garden tub and a TV in the wall to watch while bathing was awesome. We ordered room service Saturday night. They wheeled a cart into our room, opened the wine bottle and set the dinner table for us. They really took the time to go
bubble_30	This hotel has clearly seen better days, the newly revamped pool and rooftop bar are great but the rest needs a complete facelift.  Excellent location & helpful staff but there are so many better and more reasonable hotels in town there is no reason to stay here.  However, if you do - avoid the food.
bubble_20	We stayed here on a winter getaway promotion that gives you $50 spa credit and breakfast along with the room. When my wife checked in, she was told there were no rooms available so they upgraded us from a superior room to a deluxe suite. The suite was very nice -- understated elegance and it seems that a deluxe suite is the same thing across the Peninsula chain, right down to the design of the bathrooms.  Our main beef here is that the hotel lacks certain things that make it a first choice property. Fives restaurant is a bit cramped for fine dining if you don't get your own table and wind up along a row of cushions, the food was decent but by no means outstanding at dinner (ie: my wife's fish portion was small, desserts were mediocre), and certain aspects of quality control on
bubble_30	No question, it has a great location on 5th and 55th and from my Grande Luxe room, a passable view up the Avenue but at $1175++ a night, somewhat steep for what was a comfortable but hardly spectacular room.  Many hotels in NY lack public space but in this case, there is none at all and it feels dark and brooding and somewhat claustrophobic.  There is no lingering here, door to stairs to elevator bank, which doesn't perhaps give the right feel.  Room was comfortable, good bed and linens and all the thoughtful touches from the bedside control panel.  Laundry and pressing service, prompt and excellent.  Room service, also good and delivered hot food on time with a flourish.  Breakfast in Fives, quite good but it's not a compelling setting, and lacks any atmosphere.  Didn't have
bubble_50	I have long dreamed to stay in this hotel because I once saw a rating of New York Hotels in Conde Nast Traveler, and Peninsula was rated as #1.  It is difficult to fault it, since it is indeed VERY comfortable at the spinal cord level - all bodily comforts are there:  excellent bed and beddings,  great toiletries, warm floor in the bathroom,  all modern standard comforts which would be impossible to find in so many places in the world, like Greece, for example :)  However,  the place is somewhat faceless and flat, with no special signature that would distinguish it from some other standard modern luxury hotels in the world.  It could as well be in Singapore or Moscow, it would look the same.  And on a cerebral level, it was not as pleasing - the view from the room was a typical
bubble_50	I wanted to stay over night in Manhattan on New Year's Eve to eliminate the trek back to Long Island on the busy LIRR. We chose the Peninsula because we had heard many good things about it and it was fairly close to our destination. The hotel was perfect and I would absolutley stay there again. A beautiful sight all around and the staff was friendly.
bubble_50	Absolutely Excellent from start to finish and I am very fussy as you will know from other reviews!  The hotel room was gorgeous - the bathroom amazing with a fabulous separate toilet area and huge shower cubicle - very well furnished and decorated room - view over 5th avenue - .... just - for views it isnt the best hotel in New York  - for views I preferred the New York Palace - but for luxury this is beautiful  The staff were without exception fantastic - we had a breakfast package included over the Xmas period and it was a fabulous breakfast serve in fives - fantastic food and service  We experience the bars and bar food and all were very very good  The concierge were excellent and friendly too - the pool spa were very nice and although the spa hadnt opened which was a
bubble_50	Just got back from an extended weekend visit at our normal New York home when visiting, more known as The Peninsula. Very cold outside, perhaps that doesn't sound entirely correct, however a double Jgers at their lovely wine bar (just when entering the hotel on the right side before reception) heated up our veins, limbs and body, the reason why I now feel like a Whopper in a broiler instead.   What I am trying to get across is that this is truly a quality place to base your NYC trip from, and has been so for my family since it opened a few years ago. Last time it was truly an amazing visit as one of my son's biggest corporate profiles from Swedbank Markets shared breakfast with us this morning, a worthy getaway from the usual crowd.   Among the interesting things, we even shook
bubble_50	This was a wonderful weekend experience that was only possible due to the special anniversary rates.  The normal rate is hideously expensive, but getting the second night for $20 made it only "very" expensive.  It was definitely worth the expense, though.  Beginning with the doorman who anticipated our arrival and greeted me by name, there was a genuine welcome extended.  I was traveling with my wife & daughter, the latter enjoying a birthday shopping trip to New York.  The front desk had upgraded us to a Junior Suite to make room for three, and when we got to the room, we found another treat.  They had placed a bottle of champaigne and a personalized birthday cake for my daughter in the room!  Throughout our stay the concierge helped with museum tickets, dinner
bubble_40	Firstly I would have given this a Trip advisor "excelent" rating because it deserves it, but for  one major flaw which I will speak about in a moment.The rooms are beautifull,they are big [we had a grande luxe] and we had a view out over 55th and partially 5th avenue.  The servicing of the room each morning was attentive as was the turn down service.Coming back late to a dimmed light and soothing music with the room made over again complete with you clothes tidied/folded is the treat you expect in a hotel like this and it was done well. We had breakfast in fives each morning and I have to say,it was a 100% pleasant experience.No delays and for example an omlette cooked to a level of perfection that melts in your mouth! Yum!  The roof top bar is very nice.It's outside terrace was
bubble_40	I was sent to the Peninsula on a work trip. Although this hotel exudes luxury and is quite comfortable, I would not stay here again when in New York for business. This hotel is just not practical! There may be tons of fruit, chocolate and magazines hanging about the room but you have to fight to find a plug for your laptop (so dont think you can plug in your cell at the same time!), not to mention fight through all the freebies to get some space to put your stuff down. I couldnt manage to get a network for my cell or for my internet connection either. So dont stay here for work, unless, of course you dont have to do actual work in your room and you want to send a clear message of how your business is going to impress. Oh, the toiletries are nice.
bubble_50	If I could close my eyes and forget about the prices I would stay here every time I come to NYC!  Expensive but really, really lovely.  We had a room facing 55th street - huge space with 2 queen beds, sofa, desk lots of extra room, plenty of storage space and a bathroom with separate tub/shower.  The pool/workout area had just been refurbished and are gorgeous. It was a treat using the treadmill looking out at the NYC skyline.  The pool wold be nice too but it is really small - hard to imagine actually getting a reasonable swim in - better for kids I think.  We had drinks on the rooftop bar one night which was fabulous. Another evening there appeared to be a doorman/line type of thing but the night we went there was plenty of space at the bar and outside.  5's was great for
bubble_50	This is an exceptional property.  Rooms are of a generous size and service is exceptional.  The attention to detail at the property is in line with Asian standards -- i.e., excellent.  Great to see that the Peninsula has done a good job of bringing their Hong Kong culture to New York.
bubble_40	We didn't sleep at the Peninsula - but we did have a drink (cosmopolitan and beer) at the rooftop bar (Salon de Ning). Yes it's pricey, but the view is incredible!!! We had such a great time having a drink here and the staff was very friendly.
bubble_50	My husband and i stayed in the Peninsula for 4 nights to celebrate his 30th birthday.  I am very fussy and i can safely say there was NOTHING at all i could fault.  Service is the best i have ever experienced from front desk, to conceirge, to waiting staff.  Everyone went out of their way to make this stay a special one.  Location is brilliant and rooms and bathrooms spotless, when we got held up on check out it was no issue and when our flight was delayed the driver waited on us coming out of the airport.  FANTASTIC - book now!!!!
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula for three nights over a July weekend in a grand luxe room overlooking 5th Avenue. The room was elegant and large enough with an extremely comfortable bed and a large bathroom with separate toilet and shower cubicle. What stands out however was the impeccable service fromcheck-in through to the superb concierges. I should also mention the unobtrusively good waiting staff at breakfast and at afternoon tea( which is a delightful way to escape from the hubbub of the City) . After one breakfast the staff knew us and remembered how we liked our coffee and which juice we had chosen the day before. Also when I had a minor coughing fit one morning the waiter glided quietly over and put a glass of water in front of me then glided quietly away.  the rooftop bar
bubble_50	My Wife and I  travelled from Edinburgh, Scotland to NYC for 5 days Birthday celebrations and to see the George Michael Concert at the Garden and did a lot of research on where to stay (including through Tripadvisor). We looked at St Regis, Plaza, Trump, Gansevoort, Manderin etc but liked the look and size and reviews of the Peninsula.  We were not disappointed. In fact had found a heavenly oasis.  The Hotel exudes a quiet understated sophistication and calm. Staff are there for you if you need them and very attentive, but never intrusive and always extremely polite and friendly.  The room was beautiful. High ceilings and elegant layout, with lovely equipped bathroom and massive comfortable bed. Best of all the Hotel and Room were impeccably clean (I'm bit Howard Hughes about
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel with great expectations and with flying colors, they met mine and beyond.  The service was excellent, the food, for hotel food, was excellent.  The hotel was spotless and luxurious.  The lobby is on the small side. The staff was great, they did not overwhelm me or try too hard.  They were perfect.  When I arrived, they upgraded me and the room was beautifully decorated and clean.  Every detail was not over-looked. I was not disappointed by this first-time stay.  They really know how to take care of their guests.  I always love the little things in a room.  The bathtub was nice and there was a tv right in front in the wall of where you sit in the tub.  If you want to stay at a place where they never say "No" to you, this is it.  It was worth every cent and
bubble_50	I must say, The Peninsula New York is a perfect hotel in many ways. We stayed in a Grand Deluxe Room right on 5th ave overlooking the St Regis. The Room itself was the perfect size and the bathroom was more than generous. They had a seprate marble tub and shower however only one sink ( not ideal for couples ). The staff was top notch in every way possible. The concierge Amy and Faisal really made the trip well worth it and offered not only a classy opion yet a very honest one as well. The complimentary water bar was a nice touch as it wwas very hot and continuous bottles of Voss water kept us cool.
bubble_50	I spent 4 nights in NYC late last month, and my first night was spent here.  The remaining nights were spent at the Four Seasons, reviewed separately.  I last stayed here about 20 years ago and remember the hotel being intimate and elegant.  I recall my room being petite and dark, as was the bathroom,  with an interior view.   About 10 years ago , the hotel underwent a massive renovation with rooms reconfigured and a spa, pool and bar placed rooftop.  The spa, pool and Pen Top Bar are again being renovated; this fact was made clear several times during the reservation process.  My short stay was a joy.  The hotel is in a historic Beaux Arts building on 5th and 55th, across the street from the equally elegant, also Beaux Arts St. Regis hotel, where I have also stayed.  The Four
bubble_50	I took my daughter to New York for the first time over March Break and the Peninsula Hotel could not have been more perfect.  We were greeted by highly professional and friendly staff at the front desk, the concierge (special thanks to Angela) treated us with great care and made the perfect recommendations to suit our needs (mom and 13 year old daughter), and the room was luxurious, comfortable, and wonderfully serviced including consistent delivery of the New York Times.  I have been to NYC many times, and this was definitely the best experience I've had thanks to the staff at the Peninsula.  What a difference exceptional service makes!
bubble_50	I stayed for two nights at this hotel and I think it ranks in my top five of all the hotels I have visited.  The checkin was was great and I received a bottle of wine and a cheese tray shortly thereafter.  The room and bathroom were both beautiful and spacious. I loved the control center by the bed for everything in the room. The staff were all very helpful and courteous. I was staying here for business but would love to return just for the pleasure of staying in this hotel....I think you have guessed by now I LOVED this place. The Gotham Bar was a fun spot for drinks with that old New York feeling. I look forward to my next visit !
bubble_20	Just returned from a 3 night stay with my family at Peninsula New York. Very disappointing. The pool and spa are closed until October. We were not told at reservation. They could send you some blocks away to a generic health club. The lobby and the room were very un-spectacular. There was really nothing noteworthy about this hotel. The (extremely small) lobby bars were always full. Truly nothing special about the rooms or lobby. You walk in are faced with 3 stairways that don't really go anywhere. There were some problems too.  The room (a deluxe king) was quite small and had poor ventilation. The room was hot (in January in NYC) with the AC on max and the window open. And finally, when I went put on a kids DVD for my 5 year old, there was XXX Porn in the player. Not really the
bubble_40	The Peninsula is a beautiful hotel in a great location.  However, it feels just like a hotel.  When we pay this much I expect to really feel special.    We had a 2 bedroom suite with a living room.  We could not get the electronics to work in the living room.  My husband is in the electronics industry and could not get it to work.  It took someone about 45 minutes to come help us and he has problems as well.  Once he got it working he recommeded that we not turn it off, but just turn down the volume when not using.  However, housekeeping did and we had to go through the entire thing again the next day.  This time my husband helped the staff member set the equipment up correctly so that it would work right!  We should have received a discount on our stay!  The Spa is very nice,
bubble_50	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Peninsula in New York. This was our second stay at the hotel, and ironically we were in the same room on the 9th floor. I guess this happened because they have a limited number of rooms with 2 beds and room for a roll-away.  My impressions.   The location is absolutely incredible if you want to be able to explore 5th Ave. without having to hike a half mile just to get there. Only the St. Regis across the street has a comparable location. It's also close enough to the theaters in Broadway to walk comfortably.   Rooms are quite large, are very quiet and have very nice bathrooms. Our room faced the church across 55th Street and unfortunately this was not a particularly memorable view. Not terrible, but not great.  Service is excellent. There
bubble_30	Let's start with the good:  Service was good. Staff was well professionally trained. Location was certainly the super plus. Decor was good, not awfully special. Complimentary bottle water provided in the room was great.  My biggest issue is: They didn't have humidity control in their rooms. Both of us were having the itchiest skin throughout he night. It was too dry in there. And our sinuses were stuffed up, throats were itchy. Not good! We stayed in Four Season and Mandarin Oriental respectively at the same time in the past 2 years and never had the same problem! That alone made us not want to go back to this hotel ever again.  They had a few speakers in the room, but the music was very distorted while playing through the speakers.  It was a shame because we did like their
bubble_50	Perfectly located with great views, it is the best experience in NY (Have tried 20 hotels). The reception staff is efficient, personal and friendly. The room was perfect, nicely decorated, perfect temperature, perfect bathroom, perfect room service, charming atmosphere.
bubble_30	The Peninsula is a very good hotel: it's very plush (if a little characterless, in my view); breakfast was very good indeed; the gym and swimming-pool are excellent; the staff are plentiful and charming. But for this money it needs to be off-the-scale great, and I really don't think it is that.  I was travelling on a client's corporate package, and was paying $700+ a night, which I guess is towards the cheaper end of things at the Peninsula, but even so I would expect a room from which I can see daylight.  My balcony gave onto the brick-faced light-well, with 15 floors above me, and I existed in an all-day grey gloom: it was like living in the video-game Silent Hill. The room decor is fine, and comfortable, but pretty uninspired and certainly not distinctive in any way: I could
bubble_50	Recently booked a Grande Deluxe Room at the Peninsula Hotel in New York. Check in was easy and quick , room absolutely perfect and very comfortable with a nice wiew of the 5th Avenue.  Great bedroom with some nice touches as w-lan working perfectly. Very Nice bathroom . I had breakfast at the hotel as it was in the package and it was outstanding  . I'm a great fan of the Peninsula hotel chain and I really love their service and quality of accomodation. So , another perfect stay at the Peninsula Hotel New York my favorite hotel in the Big Apple
bubble_50	We had a really lovely stay at the Peninsula in a Grand Deluxe room. We had a king bed, a nice writing desk, a chaise and a huge and beautiful bathroom. Our bathroom had a TV mounted above the deep soaking tub, and we could control the radio from the tub as well, which was fun. The hotel also brought up little treats each night - the first night we received a bottle of wine, the second night we got a tower of chocolate, and the third night we had a lovely tray of pastries. I'm not sure if these are for all guests or because we are Andrew Harper members, however. We also loved the breakfast - poached eggs with truffled hollandaise atop potatoes and lobster is hard to beat - but thank goodness it was included in the room rate! $12 for a bran muffin seems a bit much. Overall a
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula for 4 nights at the end of July, on the way back to the UK after two weeks on the west coast. Everyone has a different opinion about New York and its hotels. Advice from friends didnt help and even trip advisor is so contradictory, 1* to 5* in consecutive reviews! We decided that we wanted a hotel with a pool and near Central Park. LHW couldnt fit the spec so we decided on the Peninsula because we love their sister hotels in Manila and Hong Kong, which are seriously good!  We booked into a Grande Deluxe Room at $625 via the Hotel website; we asked for a high floor in the hope of escaping traffic noise and where delighted to get room 2015, on the top floor. We never heard a sound. It was located on a corner, looking west down 55th Street towards the
bubble_50	My husband booked a three night stay in New York as a surprise for our 1st wedding anniversary.  We stayed at the Peninsula and we were both impressed throughout the whole of our stay.  The reception staff were genuinely warm and welcoming, going out of their way to help us and to make our stay as comfortable as possible.  The room was a good size with a beautiful bathroom, towels were changed regularly and robes provided.  The toiletries were of a high standard and they were generously provided.  Everything in the hotel is beautifully presented with lovely flower arrangements in the entrance and lobby.  We didn't eat in the hotel (there are numerous diners in the area to get a cheap and filling breakfast) but we did make use of the gym and pool area. Again, the staff in here
bubble_50	We stayed at the Peninsula for 5 nights in June.  I took my 15 yr old daughter.  I was a little reluctant because there were so few reviews and not all were great.  I was trying to decide between the Trump and the Peninsula.  I chose the Peninsula for the old world charm.  I'm so glad I did.  There was no comparison. It was truly one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in.  Everything was perfect.  The room was huge.  We had a deluxe room on the 20th floor over looking a church. I entered the room, into a large dressing room/entry.  Past this room was the bedroom--also huge.  To the right of the entry was a beautiful bathroom, flat screen TV over the tub and far enough away from the bedroom that you never knew if the other person was even in it.  In most hotel rooms the
bubble_40	After staying at the Peninsula Chicago, we had high expectations for this property.  While the NYC Peninsula does not deliver the same level of luxury as its counterpart in Chicago, we enjoyed our stay.  We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel and found the service, food quality and presentation to be excellent.  Our room was a comfortable size and the beds and fine linens made for a very restful sleep.  We agree with some of the other reviewers who complained about lack of dual sinks, worn carpeting, etc.  However, we are willing to overlook these issues and recommend this hotel because of its great location, comfortable rooms, delicious food, and the fabulous service provided to us during our stay.
bubble_40	Booked a Grand Deluxe room for our 10th anniversary.  The stay was very good, just not excellent.  We paid $760, taxes extra.  The room was quite nice, facing Fifth Avenue.  Outfitted well and the bathroom was great.  Overall the rooms are smaller than the Four Seasons.  This was my first Peninsula NY stay, and I was recommended by a friend of mine who is a regular visitor.  Things I liked: * Prompt, courteous staff * Aim to please; will rectify issues quickly * Great central location  Things I didn't like: * Temperature in the room (controlled by a unit near the phone), does not display the actual temperature.  All you control is the unit speed, and the temperature UP or DOWN.  You never know what it's set to, or what is the current temperature. * Part of my package included a
bubble_50	As a regular vistor to NYC and the Peninsula, I cannot recomend this hotel highly enough, everytime we stay here we love it. From check in until departure the service was fantastic. Consierge booked the evening restaurants and even sorted out cinema tickets for us. The location of the hotel is ideal right in the heart of the city. Well worth staying here or even a visit when walking by.
bubble_20	We stayed just after Christmas in this hotel. We were travelling with well behaved small children .Chose the hotel due to location on 5th Ave and because of the indoor pool. The pool was a disappointment. Childrens times to swim are very restricted and even during these times children - even quiet ones, are not popular with other guests or health club members. . Location is just great - great shopping. Hotel is very expensive. Children were charged at breakfast on the same basis as an adult, and our breakfast was $140 for 2 adults and 2 children. under 8 Concierge recommended restaurants that were not great so ask around. Have also stayed at the New York Palace hotel which is close by and  also rated as 5 star, and this represents better value for money than the Peninsula. This
bubble_50	We have just returned to London with our 4 children after a wonderful stay at the Peninsula during Christmas. The Concierges were informative and very helpful. The rooms were excellent and housekeeping 5*. The hotel is in the BEST location for shopping and restaurants.
bubble_20	The Peninsula has really got a fantastic location....it's too bad that nothing else does it justice.  Our check in was efficient.  Our "junior suite", was no more than a bit bigger room with a couch, thankfully on a high floor with a great view down 5th Avenue.  Other than that, the room was non discript, boring, and feeling tired.....so much so that I questioned walking barefoot on the carpet.  The bathroom was a great size, but considering the space it should have had two sinks...At the price tag that this room came with - I expected to feel luxury - and it wasn't even close.   The staff were fine, although very impersonal that bordered on rudeness.  So much so, that coming in at night I was demanded to show ID....I had already been at the hotel for 3 days!  There was no
bubble_20	We stayed at the Peninsula through a corporate rate that allowed us to get free daily breakfasts and one free dinner during our three day stay. Only after we checked out did we notice that we were charged for the dinner. When we called the management to complain - we got the run-around but were promised the credit. It's now been three weeks and two phone calls later and still no credit and no return call.   In addition we were given a horrible extremely tiny, dark old-looking room upon check in on day one. For $750/ night and through our corporate rate, we were shocked! While we were moved into a suite after making a complaint, they whole thing was just a supreme hassle. We could have stayed at the Mandarin, had a spacious and completely new room with an excellent city view for
bubble_50	Excellent service, large luxurious rooms with great lighting, and several kinds of complimentary bottles of drinking water daily.  The gym's amenities and service were exceptional providing clothing, head phones, towels, and attendants readily giving you water, cold towels, and assistance; the cost for all of this is all included in the price of the room.
bubble_50	I loved Peninsula NYC. It truly felt like the hotel where everyone knows your name. The service from the staff was exemplary. They all went out of their way to be helpful and didnt give off the Im getting paid to do this vibe you sometimes get. The bathroom was lovelyI loved the separate shower room. Everything was immaculate, the way I like it. They provided complimentary fruit and water - still and sparkling!  I agree with one reviewer that the room and leisure facilities are not exactly modern and the best around but they have made the most of what is there. In fact, you only need to turn up to the gym with your trainers, everything else can be provided. In more ways than one, theyve so obviously tried to anticipate a customers every need.   Ive never written a hotel
bubble_50	We had a perfect experience at the Peninsula.  Our room was lovely with fruit provided every day, and a half dozen roses were changed three times in our 4 day stay.  A selection of bottled water was complimentary, and was stocked each day.  The bed was comfortable with sheets with a silky feel.  Towels were large, absorbant and plentiful.  Turn down service was provided each evening when we were out, and the ice bucket was filled.  We had only pleasant experiences with the staff.  The lobby bar is comfortable, though pricey. However, we expect to pay more when we are on 5th Ave.  We did not eat any meals in the hotel.
bubble_50	My sister, my niece and myself stayed at The Peninsula last year.  I love NY!  I have visited 5 times.  Each time I stay at a different hotel.  The Peninsula sets the standard for 5 star hotels.  Every aspect of the hotel was excellent.  The roses on our breakfast tray.  The friendly and professional staff.  The location.  The food.  The price: worth every penny!
bubble_30	I found this hotel to be average in comparison to other hotels in NYC for the price.  We paid 600+ per night and stayed in a premiere room that was really pretty average.  The room overlooked 5th Ave., but you could see very little.  The bathroom was spectacular as you can watch TV from the bathtub and control all of the features of the bathroom from controls adjacent to the tub.  The room itself was average and seemed a bit worn.  The TV controls were ancient and I got up more than once to change channels.    The hotel gym is on the 23rd floor with great views but the facility was not very nice.  The cardio area is huge but the free weight area needs imrprovements.   The lobby is really a disaster as you need to go up 3 sets of steps to reach reception and the elevators.
bubble_50	I noticed some mixed reviews of late for this hotel, but stayed loyal nevertheless.  I am so glad that I did.   Stepping into the Peninsula NY is always a relief. Such calm, efffeciency, beauty and facilities.  The Pen Top bar, the 20,000 sq ft gym, spa, pool, and superb changing rooms.  I had room service and it was opulant, on time, great steak. My room, the cheapest class, was excellent (I have stayed in a junior suite before, but was on my own this time so went smaller).  The sun terrace with spectacular views. What I can I say, I truely love this hotel, I even perfer it to the Peninsula in Hong Kong (Kowloon).  It is expensive, but hey! You are on 55th and 5th in NYC, you are in a superb and very special place.
bubble_30	Our "GRAND DELUXE" room at $795 (before tax etc.) (did NOT include continental breakfast) was small, king bed, desk, armoire with tv - very standard decor - and it was COZY in there!  The bathroom was HUGE, but the BATH AMENITIES were extra - there was a bath MENU with prices!  The Peninsula is a lovely hotel with a great location.  The pool is beautiful. Fives Restaurant is acceptable for hotel dining, the lobby bar is quite nice, the Pen Top bar has a great view.  But I prefer St. Regis right across the street for the same money and breakfast included ...or the Lowell or Plaza Athenee for less.
bubble_50	Just got back from a perfect birthday weekend! Me and my son went to the Peninsula for his birthday and we chose the right hotel.Right when we enetered we were welcomed back as returning guests by our last name which was a very nice feeling. When checking in they realized that the reason we were staying was for my son's birthday so they upgraded us for no extra charge to a bigger room.Boy was this a treat we had a corner suite with 2 flat screen TV's, one in the room and one in the bathroom. (so nice) The ceiling must of been 16 feet high and I felt like I was staying in a penthouse apartment! It is such a great hotel and about 8:30 at night they delievered a birthday cake for my son which was amazing and so generous of them. I can not picture staying at any other hotel. The
bubble_50	We had an excellent weekend at The Penninsula. The room was comfortable and well appointed, staff were very professional and friendly. The food was very good especially the " afternoon tea " in the Gotham Bar. Housekeeping was very nice and all of the maids were really professional and super-fast while making up the rooms. The door people are the best and made us feel welcome at the hotel. The spa is really nice with lots of machines and a nice pool. I will absolutely stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone heading to New York for either business or pleasure.
bubble_40	I have to say the hotel was lovely and the service was excellent at all times.  The roof top gym and pool is fabulous.   BUT the hotel and everything in it is very very expensive.  Watch out for the hefty room tax and also check bill thoroughly; I had a few random items added to my bill which were not mine (corrected immediately on request). Concierge service let itself down a bit by not answering my enquiries prior to my arrival about New Years Eve events.
bubble_20	Checked into the Peninsula New York for five nights over Thanksgiving. While i had read the reviews of snobby behavior of the staff, i experienced quite the opposite. Front Desk was always quite attentive always saying hello as we passed by. Concierge could not have been more helpful. I do see however, how some people could have seen how the staff acted snobby. It does seem that if one weren't dressed a certain way, one would definitely be treated differently. The only thing snobby one bit was the concierge always saying, "the best as usual Mr. XXXXX?" Upon arrival in the room, came to find a small cake perfected with berries, in celebration of my son's birthday. I do have to say that the staff was always so courteous, mainly because they usually had done something wrong or
bubble_40	As a native New Yorker returning now as a visitor, I am well-acquainted with the city's hotels. Apart from a traumatic arrival, when my room requests were not only ignored but rudely dismissed by the `Welcoming' receptionist (and this after a 10 1/2 hour air trip there), we found the hotel staff could not really do enough for us.  Beware though that the difference between a Standard and Deluxe Room is unacceptable in a hotel of this supposed ranking.  The `Standard Room' is of a far lower quality than the deluxe rooms...tiny bathrooms and dull, generic decor. It's better to opt for a higher class room here; or else stay at a cheaper hotel.  No bargains here at all.  The lobby is lovely, a far cry from the usual impersonal New York entrances.  The restaurant is excellent, if
bubble_20	We had a suite connected to a second room (two adults, a baby and a mother in law), costing $1,350 a night. While the room, location and room service staff were fabulous, everyone else was a snob. We stay at Four Seasons and Ritz -- and I've never seen such jerks. Even though we were paying over 1k per night, they acted as if we didn't belong. Weird...   Actually, to be honest, the room wasn't very clean upon check in. They also forgot turn down service twice.   A slipping luxury brand....
bubble_10	My Husband and I checked into this hotel for a 5 night stay in New York. Upon check-in we felt a thick fog of SNOB all around. There is NOT a single smiling face around. The conceirge was even rude and acted like making a dinner reservation was TOOOO much. There was no politeness or friendliness from a single employee. The worst part of the trip was having money stolen from my purse, exactly $80. I had accidently left a few hundred dollars in the zipper compartment of my purse. I had switched purses when leaving and fogot that I left some cash in my other purse. Upon arrival to my room I found exactly $80 missing. I am positive this money was not somehow misplaced beacuse I had not spent any cash yet and had counted exactly how much I had earlier the same day. When we filed a
bubble_50	We went to The Penisula this August with children aged 5 and 8, the food was great for them (especially the cookies that arrived every evening), the pool was a fabulous place for them to escape the high temperatures and we as parents felt we were well provided for too.  The bathroom was brilliant, a television in the bathroom was a great gimmick for the children and the cleanliness of the room was second to none.  We also loved the fact that we were given complimentary mineral water which was needed in the 90+ heat.  We did however have a couple of criticisms, one being that the restaurant closed for every evening in August and the other being that the concierge did not always have the correct times of ferries etc, other than these points we were thrilled and would definately go
bubble_50	we had our wedding at the penninsula and stayed 3 nights. the room was excellent, the bathroom was huge and with walk in shower and toliet and marble bath with tv. i felt the check in staff was great, we even got a tour around our room by check in so we understood where everything was. the bed was the most comfortable i have ever slept in and i felt the cleaning was immaculate. the only negative i can mention was staff asked my father for payment for the wedding room in font on guests rather than calling him outside in private.  still my father should have arranged this before the wedding, but he was a bit flustered!  we felt like royalty and the hotel was of excellent standard, i saw no bad carpets etc. room service was good and the tv with dvd and digital card reader was
bubble_50	The Peninsula hotel is one of my favorite hotels...infact, it probably is my favorite! The Peninsula boasts gorgeous views. It has perfect location and all the major landmarks aren't far from it. This hotel is the perfect New York hotel! All the hotel employees are very polite and will always go the extra mile to make your stay more pleasant. Though it was a little expensive I definatly recommend the Peninsula to anyone who is looking for luxury.
bubble_50	The perfect hotel in New York. Stayed from May 14 till May 19 and again from May 23 till May 25. What can i say, everything is done perfectly, from check-in until check out. We stayed in a number of 5 star New York hotels over the last years, and The Peninsula is the best ! I see people complaining about the prices of room service. Well let me tell you, it may not be cheap but it's very good and fast. If you want cheap book an 2 star hotel next to a MacD. If you stay in 5 star you may expect the 5 star prices as well. But the hotel is so good ! I don't like staying in Hotels with a 1.000 + rooms. In the Pen they know your name, they gave me the exact room i requested. The bathrooms are to die for, very good showers and soaking tubs with TV, Beds are excelellent and general
bubble_40	The room was nice, the bathroom especially so.  I found the service quite gracious.  The free bottled water in the room was appreciated.  Room service was high quality and unbelievably reasonably priced considering the class of hotel.  The public spaces are a little weak, but the spa is outstanding.  I'd stay again based on location, service, and spa.
bubble_50	It's been 8 years since I've stayed at the Peninsula and it still looks fresh.  They've done a nice job keeping the hotel looking updated.  It is luxurious and contemporary, not grand old new york like the Pierre or Carlyle, but quite nice.  The staff were polite and professional.  The room (a superior) was small, but very nicely appointed and with a great bathroom.  Best of all, it had a supremely comfortable bed and the room itself was very quiet.  I didn't hear a whiff of noise from the street or any adjacent rooms. I highly recommend the Peninsula for adult business travelers or vacationers.  I'm not sure I'd bring kids here, though.
bubble_50	I have stayed at the Peninsula in New York numerous times when I am in town on business.  This is a great hotel, with great service.  I have stayed at many of the other hotels in this class in New York (e.g. St. Regis, Mandarin Oriental, Ritz-Carlton, etc.) and by far this is my favorite.  I have stayed at their other properties in Hong Kong and Chicago and they are execllent as well. It has a great location, very nice rooms, and two good bars where you can enjoy a drink in the afternoon and evening.  The food is a bit expensive for what you typically are served, but there are many great restaurants in walking distance.  Highly recommended.
bubble_50	Having once being a regular, I hadn't stayed at The Peninsula for the last four years. Before going there I - as usually - checked the Trip Advisor and got concerned with some criticism. Even though I decided to check my old time favourite. With all due respect to the dissatisfied ones, I was very, very happy with my stay. The hotel is the best example I know for understated, low profile elegance. The room furniture was excellent, the marble bathroom a must, and the desk superb, with accessible eletric outlets, wireless internet acces and lots of space to work. The staff has always been courteous and efficient. Since nothing is this life is perfect, I wouldn't recomend the Fives Restaurant, overpriced and not worthwile. But I'll sure go back to this place, paying high, but
bubble_40	we stayed here for a long weekend for our anniversary when the Gates first went up.  The location was great for that, checking out the new Moma, shopping at Barney's and hitting a fancya restaurant (Daniel).  The room was fairly large and very comforatable and we found it quiet.  I would go back in a second.
bubble_50	Very expensive but beautiful and comfortable rooms. Location is perfect and the staff is professional, but room service is not excellent and too much expensive.  I've stayed in New York many times and it's the BEST.
bubble_10	My friends, excuse the ghastly pun; the Peninsula has submerged. What once was a grand and glorious example of five-star luxury has apparently deteriorated to a point which will require a major intervention. I deliberately avoided writing anything here (I stayed nearly a year ago) out of sheer apathy...which, I'm sorry to say, reflected the apathy of the Peninsula's hospitality staff.   This gleaming bastion of old-world elegance and grace on Fifth Avenue now contains an establishment trumped by dozens of three-star hotels at one fifth the cost. Between the condition of my bland room, which had a dingy, motelesque bathroom, tired, worn, perforated furnishings, and smelled faintly of mildew...and the apathetic staff...not to mention the horrible, overcooked, overpriced room
bubble_50	Recently, we stayed at the NY Peninsula for a weekend.  We were in a Grand Luxe room looking out on Fifth Avenue.  After reading some of the reviews on this site, we were a bit concerned about the hotel.  But we had an excellent time - the room was delightful - clean and comfortable with a large bathroom.  The lobby was quite small but it did not bother us.  The swimming pool on the top floor was very pleasant.  The staff, especially the concierge, was helpful and friendly.  The location was very convenient for shopping, restaurants and a trip to MOMA.
bubble_30	I have stayed in the other Peninsula Hotels in Hong Kong, Chicago, Beijing and Bangkok. These were amazing hotels. However there is a big difference in the quality of decor between those and the one in New York, which was not expected at all especially given that the New York one was by far the most expensive. From the lobby (old and fraying carpets, dim fluorescent lighting) to our Grand Luxe room and even Fives restaurant where we breakfasted (obviously peeling wallpaper), the overall impression was that of a fallen and shabby hotel in need of some serious refurbishment. Not impressed at all.
bubble_30	Stayed at the Pennisula on a New Yorker's recommendation.  The location is central to shopping on 5th and Madison.  I was planning on staying at the Ritz or 4 Seasons, but stayed here based on a friend's recommendation. The first turnoff was the rather rude reception at check-in.  She did nothing to make you feel welcomed, not even a hello or smile.  At least the Ritz or 4-S's they muster up a smile and friendly hello, even if it's not sincere.   The room was ok; The plasma tv was the highlight.  The bathrooms were nice. Comparable to the nicier hotels I've stayed at.  The cost of room service was beyond an exceptable amount, even for the high end hotels.  I don't mind paying the normal overpriced room service cost at the Ritz and Four Season's, but for what I got here, it was
bubble_40	Stayed at Peninsula NY in June.  Great hotel, service for kid is A1.  My 5 month old son loved the Peninsula teddy bear!  The pool was fun, great view.  Good room service, food at Fives was above many NY restaurants. Will go back soon.  Like one guest commented to our kid, the Peninsula at this age is a ''very good thing,'' we think he was right.
bubble_50	I stayed at this hotel for the first time in Jan'04.  I was AMAZED by the size of the Deluxe room.  Previously I had stayed at the Pierre Hotel and was a little disappointed by the room and amenities.  The Peninsula room had a foyer with luggage rack and great storage space.  The bathroom had double sink, marble, TV over tub (LOVE THAT), HUGE shower and separate toilet.  The linens on my king sized bed were to die for.  The electronic touch controls took care of everything from the lights, to the music; to the DO NOT DISTURB sign.  Room service was pricey (but this is NYC) however the service was fast and the food was hot.  My only minor disappointment was the lobby was small and not as grande as I was hoping upon arrival.  But the front desk was accommodating and professional
bubble_20	During my last trip in New York, I reserved a Grand Luxe room at the Peninsula.  I wanted to test the only NYC 5 stars hotel I never knew  I must admit I was quite disappointed in this hotel for many reasons :  - The lobby was very small and didn't invite guests to stay in there  - My room was big but the furnishing was old fashioned  - The global decoration of this hotel  is old fashioned in every place and really needs to be renovated  Service was perfect but the global impression is that Peninsula is an old institution that has not adapted  its environment to customers expectations in the 21st century.  Given the astronomic room rates, Peninsula is definitely not a good value for money.  When signing the check out invoice, my wife and me had the impression we had been
bubble_40	The location is great, the hall and restaurant is beautifull, the rooms are okay and the bathroom are unbelievable. But for a 5 starts at this rate, I was expecting something more special. Finally, I prefere to get the best suite with a view on teh Chrysler Building at the Sofitel for a lower rate. Hope to you !
bubble_40	This is a beautiful hotel in a great location, but it's not quite up to the service standards of the great Peninsula hotels in Hong Kong and Bangkok.   Staff could be somewhat friendlier; when I stayed there, the person at the newstand counter, reading a magazine, didn't look up until I spoke--and I was standing right in front of her! The men's room on the main floor had overflowing trash cans and one commode was inexplicably missing its top--gross!  Most disappointing was the Pen-Top Bar. It's a pretty bar with fantastic views and a generally nice staff, but the night I went it started raining. After waiting 20 minutes for a drink, my friend and I had to retreat to the inside part of the bar. I noticed behind the bar, visible to anybody who walked by, was a mountain of trash:
bubble_50	Lovely room overlooking fifth ave...up on the 11th floor....one side of the mattress was funky....mentioned it to the front desk...20 minutes later 2 uniformed men appered with a new king sized mattress! Amazing!  Fabulous millwork...beautiful baths...lots of waters...perfect location..a few blocks to the opera....shopping...a few blocks to the theather!
bubble_40	My husband and I were spending the first night alone without our daughter and wanted a special, comfortable room so we decided to splurge for a deluxe hotel. We did however book the least expensive room on the internet and got a very small, very unimpressive room as a result. The front desk staff was exceptionally nice and after only slightly complaining to them upgraded us to a absolutely great room with a huge flat screen TV, and deep bath tub, and nice view. The rooftop pool and spa were very nice with exceptional views. BUT both rooms we saw were in need of freshening up, and after staying in many truly exceptional hotels, I have to say this hotel was just above average not exceptional.
bubble_50	After a long trip from the UK we were more than ready to experience luxury and this hotel did not disappoint! We had upgraded to a Grand Luxe Room which had a view right down 5th Ave- fantastic! The technology in the rooms was exceptional including a tv above the bath and mood lighting throughout. The most comfortable beds and beautiful linen made this a room we didnt want to leave! Room service was incredible, always on time, food was not only delicious but hot and service generally in the hotel was of the very highest standard. If there were one critisism the public rooms were a little small and it was sometimes difficult to get a seat, however this hotel is definately on my list of 'cant wait to get back to'.
bubble_50	This was our first weekend stay at the Peninsula and it was great!  Attentive and friendly staff throughout the hotel, restaurants, and bars made it even more pleasurable. Location is right in the heart of midtown and just a few steps away from great shopping, restaurants, and the Central Park. Have a drink at Fives and enjoy the view overlooking 5th Avenue. The spacious, well-kept room was filled with fine amenities and even a touch-screen display that controlled everything from the room lighting, temperature, TV, and even the "Do Not Disturb Sign". It was a nice "high tech" touch for this more reserved property. Glad we opted for the courtyard as we never once heard the typical NY night street noise. We stay at world-class hotels worldwide and the Peninsula in NYC measures
bubble_30	This is a very cozy hotel. The rooms are attractivly decorated and plush. The same goes for the less expensive category rooms facing the court yard. Service is wonderful. The rooms are kept very clean and always kept up. If you scratch your wall they will paint over that smudge the next time housekeeping arrives. Just a word of advice...I managed to sneek into the service elevators and much to my dismay maintainence men along with bell service, and housekeeping take these elevators along with your room service food. I don't know about you but i do not want the man who paints the rooms to be standing next to my dinner order after a day of painting. Think again if you believe everything is covered. properly.
bubble_50	We stayed at The Peninsula NY the first weekend in December 2003. We got upgraded to a larger room without asking. We faced the courtyard which did not bother us in the least. It was much quieter than facing the street. Our size of our bathroom was not affected by facing the courtyard. From the layout of each floor that was attached to the door to show the exits, each room is unique and sized differently. The beds were to die for! The staff was extremely pleasant and made an effort to call us by name. We really liked the complimentary water bar! The only thing that irked me was the prices of the mini bar items and the room service prices. You have to expect it, but come on, $7.00 for a small glass bottle of Coke? I would have gladly paid $3.00 for what probably cost them $.50.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed this hotel. The location on Fifth Avenue is so convenient. Once you are in your room, it is a quiet, opulent respute. Our room had a great view and the marble bathroom was simply incredible. The tubs are deep; perfect for long soaks before you slide in between your soft sheets.The spa is also a real gem. The steam room, lap pool overlooking Fifth Avenue, and complimentary tea contributed to a totally relaxing trip to the city. Room service was among some of the best meals I have had in Manhattan. Complimentary water---nice touch. If you don't like the first room you are given, try again, it paid off for us. Try to upgrade past the rooms that face the inner courtyard, you will appreciate the better view and superior bathroom. Such a great hotel even the
