bubble_40	We explored all over and walked alot. It was fun and alittle bit festive. We were a bit early for all the Christmas decorations but saw some. Definately would come back and stay at the Pennsylvania Hotel, but might ask for a quieter room. We were on the corner and traffic, sirens and horns went all night.
bubble_50	Really enjoyed out stay here, even booked our last two nights there in NY after traveling around for a week. Decent size room and bathroom with a very comfortable bed and very clean. A very busy hotel with very help staff.  The location is perfect, just across the road from Penn station subway and train station.  We will use the Pennsylvania again when ever we visit NY again.
bubble_40	I had a superior room which had an iron box, a hair drier, a working heater and a beautiful view of the Empire State Building. The beddings were clean and the shower worked perfectly. The only issue that the hotel could improve on is the breakfast that is very basic, otherwise, I enjoyed my stay at the hotel. I would definitely recommend it to those visiting New York.
bubble_50	We were attending a wedding in the city, and needed a place to stay for a couple nights.  This property was convenient to our location and reasonably priced, so we booked a room.  For whatever reason, Google Maps directed us to a side entrance, but the bellhop was kind enough to meet us at our car and help us unload.  The hotel staff was friendly, and our room was clean and comfortable.  The room also had free WiFi.  The room we reserved came with vouchers for a free continental breakfast at Cafe R a few doors down.  We found the restaurant to be crowded, but they got us through the "Hotel Penn Breakfast Line" quickly.  We each received one free fruit cup, a bread product (muffin / bagel, etc) and juice OR coffee.  For $10, you could upgrade to one trip through the hot buffet
bubble_40	The hotel has a really good location. Nevertheless when we arrived we had booked in the non upgraded rooms, this rooms were $50 less expensive of the one that have been renewal, the room was really scary really old like a chapter of the Shinning Movie. In the other hand, The renewal floor and room were really cosy and confortable. So my advice if you stay in the hotel ask for the upgrading or recent renewaled floors, is money well spended
bubble_40	Hotel Penn website is not accurate.  It sells you on the idea that all their rooms have been "updated" well they have not "ALL" be updated.  Only the higher floors have been so if you want a updated room YOU must ask for one or book a room that says it's on a "higher floor".  Their website doesn't not tell you this.  I'm telling you this.  AND if you check out and have to wait in the lobby for a period of time, KEEP your room key because this place locks it's men's & women's room doors.  So if you turn in your key you will not be able to get into the bathrooms.  Note to hotel:  PLEASE UNLOCK YOUR LOBBY BATHROOMS SO YOUR CUSTOMERS CAN USE THEM !!!!
bubble_30	I stayed years ago in this hotel and I was satisfied, so I decided to give it a second chance on my recent business trip to NYC. I booked one of the "renovated" rooms and I have to admit the rate was good considered NY standards.  The check-in took forever, after a long flight from Europe, to enter the hotel and see an endless line of people is not the best start. Each front desk operator seemed to be particularly slow. And as a matter of facts, when it was our turn, things started to get even slower: I booked my room about 2 months in advance and the front desk agent started to look on his computer and roll his eyes... We asked what it was wrong and he replied that our room was not ready (it was 4pm!). He tried to give us one of the older rooms which I refused. Then he tried to
bubble_40	We had a room with a king bed on the sixteenth floor. The room was renovated and was much larger than I was expecting in Midtown Manhattan. The hotel entrance is right across from the 7th Ave entrance to Penn Station which made it very easy since we had luggage with us. There is a 24 hour coffee shop in the lobby along with a small convenience store as well. If you are planning to check your luggage as you check out on your last day, I would suggest purchasing luggage check tags ($5.00 each) when your checking in so you dont have to wait in the reception line a second time. (They offer express check out.)
bubble_10	I wouldn't mess with these people. They tried taking money from my card th moment I gave my card info and it was only suppose to save th date unless I cancelled by Monday. So glad my bank caught it and didn't gv them jack
bubble_50	My family enjoyed the time they spent in the hotel and NYC. The hotel is in the middle of everything. You need only to walk or to take the subway to whatever destination you want in New York City. The front desk is friendly and professional.
bubble_40	The employees were exceptional. The front desk person handled a problem with my booking. I was then escorted to my room with a manager who wanted to be sure all was well with the room. The floor manager was in the room preparing everything before I got there. Of course the rooms are a little tired, but it was more than made up for with the enthusiasm of the staff. Keep up the good work!
bubble_10	Shocking is an understatement. This hotel should have been closed down 30 years ago. When checking in there were at least 30 people refusing to stay telling us of rats and cockroaches in one of the rooms. Check in took about 90 mins. Staff were miserable and everything was too much trouble. The whole hotel is in a poor state of repair and rooms were unclean. Just dont do it spend just a little more or stay a little further away, it will spoil your trip if you stay in this dump
bubble_30	Spent one night at this historic hotel. It is an old property but currently undergoing refurbishment. The hotel is huge and very busy. The Staff is polite and the rooms clean. The hotel is directly opposite Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. If you looking at a convenient hotel this is it.
bubble_50	I was surprised with the renovated room, I didn't expect that much... the room is pretty good, the room was cleaning every day and the towels were changed also every day, the location is in the middle of everything, the staff is very friendly and helpful, Sherry is very kindly. I believe when they do the renovation of all the rooms, for sure the Stars will going to jump up. The breakfast is very limited but you can have the buffet for $10.00 or start with this and eat something better later.
bubble_20	Hotel had be stated on booking . com to be refurbished but was not a good refurbishment. Bath looked liked it had been painted in gloss paint. Door looked like a coffin could of been done better. Yet still had a good time in NYC its OK for somewhere to just sleep and a good price.
bubble_20	PROS:  Extremely well situated; within a 2 minute walk of a subway that took you to Times Square (1stop, 2 minute ride), Central Park (3 stops, 5 minute ride), or downtown to the 9/11 memorial (10 minutes), and directly across the street from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden.   Our room was extremely quiet, we were in an interior room instead of street side; we could only hear street noise when there were sirens. Thats the main reason we stayed in the room instead of asking to be moved. The accessible room was very large.   Breakfast vouchers.... you only get 2 per person per room (although we stayed for 4 nights). The restaurant was a 2 minute walk outside the hotel, but you got a beverage (small juice, or tea or coffee), a pastry (bagel, croissant or danish) and a tall cup
bubble_10	We made a refundable booking few months ago. When we cancelled the booking the hotel promised to return the money. Since then, for few months although we keep calling and send emails we are not getting back our refundable deposit money. This is a Shame!!!!! Not less then a fraud.
bubble_10	Oh how I wish I could give this hotel a 0-star review. Completely UNACCEPTABLE!  My friend was in town from Japan and was staying at this hotel in early October. I was in the room with him around midnight, and out of nowhere part of the bathroom ceiling came crashing down! There was heavy sheetrock and dirt scattered all over the floor. His toiletries and clothes in the bathroom were covered in dirt and dust. If either of us had been in there at the wrong time, we could've been injured.  We were in absolute shock that something like this would happen. We phoned hotel services and the woman on the phone seemed genuinely concerned and told us to go straight to the front desk and ask to speak with the manager.  My friend isn't fluent in English, so he wanted me to explain to the
bubble_40	It's great value for money. Room was clean. Mattresses very comfortable.  Location is great. Walking distance to major attractions. Staff was very friendly over the phone and during check in process. I like the express check out to avoid line to the reception.
bubble_10	Major disappointment!!! When booking this hotel shows pictures of their renovated rooms and when checking in they give you an old room and giving you the option to upgrade to a renovated room for 50$. The non renovated room are super old, stinky and dirty.
bubble_30	Booked a Plaza Collection upgraded king room. The room was tiny. Photos on the hotel website looked nicer, newer and bigger than the actual room. The bathroom looked like a quick makeover and no face towels were provided. Bed was comfortable and room was clean. There are 12 elevators, but only 4 were moving and each was full every time it stopped on our floor. Had to wait for four elevators until we were finally able to get on. Check-in/out lines were long. The check-in kiosk was ok except that my email didn't want to pull up the reservation# which is needed for the kiosk. Also, didn't give you the breakfast vouchers so you still had to stand in check-in line to get them. Complimentary breakfast was not on-site, but was pleasantly surprised as it was located just down the block
bubble_40	This hotel is close to majority of things you would want to visit in NYC. We stayed in one of the renovated rooms on 9th floor which was good. There was a big screen TV and room felt clean.   The breakfast was included into out stay at cafe R and it was not good at all but luckily there is a Bagel shop next door to cafe R which serves awesome bagels.  We used express check-in and check-out and it was great to skip the long line to front desk. People at the front dest generally not very friendly and seem to be fed-up with customers asking them questions. There was also this guy next to elevators - bellhop or what ever his title was, I asked him about breakfast place and another time about luggage drop he was really not happy. I do feel sorry for him being terrorized with the same
bubble_40	To be honest, this hotel is well past its prime, but I must say that nothing was actually WRONG with the hotel or my room - it was friendly, clean, and you can't beat the location. I was somewhat taken aback by the shabby furnishings in the elevator lobby on my floor. My room (I booked a "Penn Collection" room, ie. remodeled) was definitely unusual - it was very large by NYC standards and large even by U.S. standards. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was definitely not modern but clean and functional. The room itself had a strange vibe in that the walls and trim were reminiscent of a older poorly-maintained apartment that was repainted, and the relatively small amount of furnishings in the room made it look spartan. It certainly didn't have a warm feeling. But it got
bubble_10	I booked this place for a friends weekend after a cruise. We liked the location and it was affordable as far as Manhattan hotels go. We arrived and stored our luggage until check in time (there was a charge for this service). Upon check in we waited in line for at least 20 minutes before a lengthy check in process and finally being able to relax in our room.   The room did not have a bed spread only a few sheets, there was what looked like dust and mould under the radiator. I sunk when I sat down on the bed, as it turns out the bed frame was broken. After calling the front desk, they sent the bellman up with keys for a new room down the hall. This room had luggage in it as it turned out to be occupied by other guests. After calling the front desk again they showed us to our
bubble_40	I was very impressed with the hotel from start to finish. Check in was extremely easy and quickI reserved a 1 bedroom suite with a pull out couch, the room was MUCH larger then I expected and clean! The bathroom was quite dated but also clean. Housekeeping was very polite and efficient; I asked if I could get sheets for the pull out couch and they came to my room and fixed the bed for me; they also were quick to bring me more towels when I called for them. Unfortunately my heater went out in the living room area but an engineer was to my room within 30 mins to fix it and get it heated up!
bubble_10	The hotel is so dirty, outdated,  I have never stayed in a hotel with such bad condition. Even motels and inns which cost much much less were cleaner.  We checked in a standard room first. Standard does not mean dirty and with AC not working, went to admin they moved us to another room - upgraded (+ $35). Ac worked, but all lamps were dusted. Looks like nobody cleaned them before and during our stay. We stayed 5 nights and every night called for missing towels or shampoo or something else. Just came from Japan - the hotels in Tokyo and Kyoto which cost less per day were very clean, with great services.  Shame on you NYC Pennsylvania hotel administration!!!
bubble_10	My rating should read 0 star rating. On arrival we were given a room that was cold, dirty and smelled. Asked desk manager 'Melvita' for change of room, following 3 rooms were worse. She was so rude, arrogant and told us that the rooms were fine before Looking for $57 more per night for another room and told us it was a newly decorated room, otherwise we could cancel. ( it was 8.30PM) only for the time we would have. Having argued our point we had to pay an extra $25 per night. The upgraded room was a little better for first couple of nights but when cock roaches came up through the plug hole of the bath we had enough. On voicing this to another ignorant person at reception she didn't even answer us. DON'T STAY HERE. it's a filthy bug infested dump. There are lovely hotels in the
bubble_40	Location was excellent across from Madison Square Garden. Staff was helpful at check in and check out.  Liked the fact they gave coupons for free drinks and the free breakfast around the corner.  Would stay there again.
bubble_40	Location was excellent; room was spacious and very clean; bed was most comfortable; bed linens perfectly pressed; heater was quiet and efficient; housekeeping was great;the housekeeping manager on the floor asked me about my stay; loved continental breakfast with fresh fruit; room furnishings were contemporary; front desk staff not welcoming; at ckout Shahid did not thank me for staying with them or wished me well, summoned the next guest while I was still standing and reviewing the statement at the desk I just received.   Head them up and herd them out. If you have any problems, ask for a front desk manager. They seem to be more caring. Other than the seeming apathetic front desk staff, everything was fine.  I would stay at the hotel again definitely and have recommended it to
bubble_50	This is always where I stay when I'm in New York. It's perfect for my needs -- affordable and conveniently-located. I always take Amtrak to New York and the station puts us out right at the Hotel Pennsylvania.
bubble_50	Room was clean- no frills and good price.  Would highly recommend.  Loved that you played Pennsylvanis 6500 while on hold! I really dont have anything else to say and am trying to meet the 40 charachter setting,
bubble_40	If you are only traveling for tourism and need to mobilize easily in the city, this could be a good option as its very close to Penn Station. Rooms are basic, this an old building, and they have baggage room if you need to leave your luggage a few hours after check out.
bubble_30	This hotel is in the perfect location, particularly if you are coming in from Penn Station. Its a bit hectic and not all of the staff are too friendly, but I would still stay there again. Overall, I recommend it.
bubble_40	Awesome location, right in the middle of Manahattan. Close to everything we wanted to see and the plays we attended. Friendly hotel staff and helpful if needed. Our grandaughter loved her room. Real nice time had by all.
bubble_50	The location is right across from Madison Square Garden, and Penn Station is right next door. On the other side is the World's Largest Macy's. It is only a 5 min walk to Times Square. The location is perfect to get wherever you want to be.
bubble_40	Great location. Easy to get to from Newark airport. Subway and Train station (Penn station) right there under Madison square garden!!  Room was clean, bed was comfortable, definitely would stay here again.
bubble_50	I cannot emphasize enough how much we loved staying at Hotel Pennsylvania. Very lively lobby, friendly staff, and we loved the coffee shop on the first floor. Next time we go to Manhattan, we are staying AGAIN at Hotel Pennsylvania!
bubble_10	My wife recently stayed at this hotel with her 2 children for a 4 night stay in newyork.The hotel was basic and when she checked in she was asked by the receptionist for her card details because it's a formality and no money would be taken.Well since she has comeback home she has noticed that the hotel took $100 from her card. She has since emailed the hotel to ask why that has happened and I have also emailed them and messaged them on Facebook messenger but they haven't replied.I think it's very poor service.
bubble_40	Really enjoyed the stay in this hotel lovely room great view on the 16th floor of entire state. Great location very central to all attractions. Only complaint was breakfast wasnt great in the cafe across road.
bubble_40	This is only second time Ive stayed at HP. I did not stay in a renovated room to save $. But the room was clean and when I asked for a rollaway bed, extra blankets, pillows and towels, I found them there without a problem.  Very convenient location across from MSG and Penn station!
bubble_50	Its directly across from Penn Station so its perfect for those that are coming to town via train. I was surprised by how wide the hallways are and how open the rooms are. I like the history of it being the largest hotel in the world in 2019. Nothing very fancy, but great price for what I needed.
bubble_50	I was here for business and I would definitely stay again. Room was really clean, staff was friendly and really helpful and its in a great location! I would definitely recommend visitors to stay here.
bubble_40	We arrived to the hotel exhausted after a long flight and train journey. Anxious to get checked in quickly and get settled into the room and hoping everything went smoothly at check in. We were greeted by the most friendly and professional lady Maria B she put us completely at ease gave us loads of tips and tricks for our trip and made check in a complete pleasure.Hotel is very old and worn looking but just wanted somewhere clean to sleep shower and keep all our shopping !  We stayed in a recently refurbished room. Floor 16. It  was basic but clean comfy bed and decent shower even if it went from cold to mad hot. Great heater in room. NYC was Baltic. The location of this hotel is amazing and why we picked it. I would definitely stay again.
bubble_20	Let's start with the good. Location, price, hot shower, good water pressure, historical,  reasonably clean.  Negative staff (borderline rude and unhelpful). The whole floor we stayed on smelled like marijuana nightly.  Bathroom very small. Breakfast not worth bothering with.
bubble_40	Gr8 location. Walking distance to Penn station, Madison S. G., T.SQ, Grand Central Station, Empire St., Macy's (ha), & numerous others. Breakfast at Caf R of baggle, coffee and fruit was satisfying (option to purchase buffet) however multiple offerings should satisfy 1's appetite. Staff friendly & very helpful. Booked directly w/Hotel and landed an updated room. Would have liked a handle in shower and blackout curtains for darker room. Will return.
bubble_50	I was concerned after reading some of the reviews but I updated our room to the newly renovated side and was very pleased. Very clean , comfortable , we would definetely stay here again. And the valet Will was great , very helpful , went out of his way to help us.
bubble_30	Perfect location for seeing the sites.  The hotel is being refurbished - I was aware of this and booked an unrefurbished room because it was less expensive. However, judging by the condition of the room, I'd say the refurbishment is long overdue. Not sure if its anything to do with the refurbishment, but breakfast is served down the street, that alongside the room having no tea/ coffee making facilty was disappointing. For a place to lay your head after a long day in the city, its good value - though I'd choose an updated room next time.
bubble_40	good attention and cordiality from the people to make all the arrangements for a fantastic tour. Best regards to all employers and thanks for your kind attention. I will come back as very soon as I can
bubble_10	Before I begin, Ill start by saying I work in this industry in mid-level mgmt . I know very well what hospitality and genuine care and concern are supposed to feel like. From the moment I arrived at Hotel Pennsylvania, I knew this would be the first and last time Id stay here.   With the exception of Flora at the Front Desk, everyone I encountered seemed to be irritated or unbothered. Sidebar: I think its a shame that the Front Office agents/team members  dont receive an incentive for selling upgrades to guests. You want the extra revenue, but you dont want to reward the team that gets it for you? No bueno!!   In any case, even the manager that was supposed to return my call seemed more concerned with getting me off the phone than resolving my issues with the
bubble_30	Hotel Pennsylvania may not be a 3,4 or 5 star hotel but if youre not concerned with panhandlers and busy sidewalks and non modern rooms and just want a room to sleep in the this place will fit the bill. Water temps in the showers fluctuate from cold to scalding hot so be prepared.
bubble_40	The room was okay. The bed was comfortable, but the sheets were not very soft. My bathroom is in need of renovation, as the shower was less than to be desired.  The view was awful, as it looked onto the other parts of the hotel.
bubble_40	Let me start by saying I think many people go to hotels expecting to have their ass whipped for them and want to be treated like kings when in reality they are just garabage people. However I will say by no means is this hotel the most lavish and amazing. It was exactly what I expected for the price I paid and if you think $130 is alot for New York or let's be honest any popular area you probably shouldn't be staying in hotels to begin with..... The rooms are not mosaics of art and the building itself is old and needs to be remodeled but again I knew this going in so I didn't expect anything more or less, so when I got in my room I was pleasantly surprised that all the negative reviews I heard were just simply over exaggerations or not true at all. This hotel is in a prime
bubble_10	In my travels around the world for Business and Pleasure; Ive never stayed at such a filthy establishment in my life; this place has the worst service and conditions Ive experience. My advise to anyone wishing to stay here; DONT!!!   Yes, location is excellent but find another hotel..  Anyone that gave this place more than 1 circle; I would hate to see your home!  Pic of Knicks Vs Mavs game at MSG
bubble_40	It's an older hotel but the other sections are being updated (at a higher price). I'm ok with the present state of the room that was clean, good access to Manhattan and frankly the other more expensive places
bubble_10	Not only was the room really quite disgusting, the vibe of the whole place is off. Definitely didnt feel alone on my solo stay. Never again. Ever. The shower and bed felt like they were both going to fall apart. Everything is just splattered with a horrible white paint. It was an overpriced uncomfortable night, no sleep was had: whether by haunted feels or a brick for a mattress.
bubble_10	Horrible staff, disgusting rooms, badly needs to be renovated. Got out of the room on the very first night and stayed at another hotel instead. Dont waste your money or time at this hotel, spend some more money and go somewhere cleaner and comfortable
bubble_50	The location of the hotel was perfect for visiting many attractions.  The room was really great and was cleaned every day..  All the staff were friendly, happy and helpful.  There was free wifi in the room, a televison and even an alarm clock. We would definitely go back and stay at the hotel.
bubble_50	We had booked a one night stay at this hotel to go to a concert in NYC, however we had something personal come up and no longer needed the room, I thought I would have been charged anyway so I went to the front desk just to see if there was anything they could do, and luckily I had the pleasure of dealing with an employee called 'Maria B'. She was so kind and understanding of our situation and had a manager help us out and cancel the room for us free of charge. I am so grateful to her for being such a nice understanding good person, it really helped us out that night that we were able to go on our way and not be down the money for the hotel which we weren't going to be able to use. Thank you Maria, we really appreciated it. We hope to stay at the hotel sometime in the future.
bubble_30	The otel is well located and the subway at Penn station has allowed us to easily move to the different places of interest in NYC. Unfortunately, we were diappointed by some rooms. For our family, staying on the 10th floor, the room was beautiful, but our friends who had rooms on the 4th floor, it was catastrophic. The floor is not renovated. For that, I think that the stay at the Pennsylvania Hotel was better for us than for them.
bubble_20	We booked this hotel based on a recommendation. We went on the hotel's website and checked it out. Everything looked amazing, the rooms looked great(recently renovated) and the price was great. However that all changed once we got in. The only great thing about it was the location, walking distance from some of the must do things in NYC. Would I stay here again? Probably not. Would I recommend it to a friend? Not at all.   The Lobby just reeks of smoke once you walk in, it is also outdated. Check in was quick, we got complimentary continental breakfast coupons for Cafe R down the street. As mentioned in some of the reviews its a very simple breakfast, but not terrible. We stayed at one of the "renovated" rooms, what a joke! The room looked nothing like the picture and the
bubble_50	Excellent service!!  Fantastic location!! Easy walking access to all the sites youd want to see in NYC. Free breakfast!!  Rooms not terribly fancy, but very clean and comfortable. Good price, too!! Highly recommend!!
bubble_40	Enjoyed our stay, however, the hotel should be slightly more flexible in as far late checkout is concerned. Otherwise our trip was great and memorable. Hopefully we will return next year for a better time.
bubble_50	I stayed here for one week in October and the hotel was lovely! I stayed in one of the new Penn 5000 rooms and it was great. I would definitely recommend and hoping to visit/stay here again in the future.
bubble_10	This hotel is a dump. The building looks great from the outside, it also looks good in the lobby, but as soon as you go towards the hallways/rooms, you begin to think you are in 1 star hotel, the carpet is filthy, the walls, the furniture, the bathrooms, are all extremely old and things are falling apart. The location is great, if that is important for you, but you will be sleeping in filth.... I spent $780 for 2 nights, what a waste of money.
bubble_50	Our checkin was a great start with Maria B being extremely friendly and doing her job exceptionally well. She advised if we had any issues or problems to come and see her. The hotel was in a great location. Our room was spacious, comfortable and housekeeping staff attended daily.  Would definitely recommend this hotel.
bubble_10	Apart from the above and a broken bed, we were lied about our payment options. First, they told us we would only pay a $100 dollar deposit. We would pay the rest upon arrival. False, they charge us the full amount on our creditcard even before check-in. We had to add another night to our stay, they didn't let us pay straight away. We needed to pay cash. Instead, they charged our credit card behind our back a second time. We will NEVER stay there again.
bubble_40	It was just one day stay  The best thing about this hotel is it's location. It is Just outside Pen station and there are 3 metro and one Path line is located arround 2 minutes walk to the hotel.  Check in was quick and check out was super quick, we had to just drop our keys as we had paid the amount online. For breakfast you have to go another place which is accross the road. Breakfast is limited to one fruit bowl, one bread of choice and on ed drink of your choice. If you want full buffet they you hav ed to pay $10 per person. Very good hotel if you just want this for night stay and travelling during the day.Do not expect much of service though.
bubble_10	I called and called for towels, face clothes. It took forever. Then housekeeping stopped answering the phone and if they answered I was hung upon. I saw a maid with a cart and ask for towels and she told me know I could not have any. She said I should wait. No rugs for the bathroom. Good location but thats all. Overall poor service.
bubble_10	Customer service at this place is shameful.  I made a reservation on the hotel's website shortly after rotator cuff surgery, while still on pain meds. I meant to reserve a night 2 1/2 weeks in advance. Instead I managed to make it for the same night I booked in online. Considering I'm in Cincinnati and the hotel is in New York City, it was an obvious mistake, probably related to the pain drugs. I discovered the problem a week later and called the hotel immediately. I was told I needed to talk with the accounting department. I called everyday for a week, and sent emails explaining my situation to the accounting office and executive office. Nobody answers the phone in either office. Nor has anyone responded to me emails. What's worse, the wait time to reach an operator, who needs
bubble_30	Room was fine/nice. Good size. King bed was alittle  hard. Think I had an updated refurbished room. Heard other rooms are very old/dated. Room alittle cold because windows very drafty. Nice view. Check in was much faster this time than my previous visit. Which was almost an hour wait....this time 10-15 minutes.  Stayed here again because it is right across the street from penn station and Madison square garden. Went to a show there. Only big negative that I experienced both trips was the elevator situation . They have 12 but only a few in use and there is a long long wait and they are so crowded that you have to wait a very long time to get an elevator. And they stop at almost every floor even when completely full. It is a big problem at this hotel. 18 stories. Not practical to
bubble_10	The worst hotel I've been ever, smell of pee in the whole floor, needs to be shut down, not for human beings. Good location, but never seen such hotel, and not cheap, i was very stupid to book, all the reviews saying sonething else are false
bubble_50	First time visiting New York with hubby on business.  Had a slight issue with room charge but Maria B. helped us out and also upgraded our room to a beautiful view. Thank you so very much! So far this trip is off to a good start!
bubble_50	Maria B was an overall helpful desk agent when it came to checking in. She was extremely nice and even worked with me to get a better experience at hotel Pennsylvania!! I would definitely comeback here if shes at the front desk again.
bubble_30	I found this hotel was in a great location for sightseeing. Everything is close by. I stayed with 3 of my family.  We arrived on an evening about 7pm  no queuing at reception.  The first room we were allocated was on the 2nd floor,  266, we all agreed we should upgrade to a renovated room, as the room was very dated.  Our upgraded room was on the 17th floor,  1702, this was a very good sized room,  unfortunately no view of the city from our window,  but that didn't matter as you only had to step outside the hotel for a fantastic view. We only used the breakfast vouchers once,  as we ate elsewhere,  but it was ok. There is a coffee shop in the lobby that is open 24hrs if you're an early riser.  Overall for our short stay there we had no problems at all, the room was clean, the
bubble_40	Was small but clean and updated.  The clawfoot tub was nice and the price was too!  My room had basically a king bed with standing room around it and a TV and a good sized bathroom.  The room had a safe, and iron and ironing board and was clean and neat.
bubble_40	Staying here a week .  We upgraded to the penn plaza after reading bad reviews on the regular rooms . I wanted to post these pics  to give you an idea . For the price we paid the location is great and with the upgrade I can give the hotel a 4 star . Keeping something in mind the price with the upgrade got closer to maybe the holiday inn . The regular penn plaza room is very small we had to get moved because our heater was not working good . If you book  get the bigger size rooms it is a lot bigger  for a party of 4 .  They accommodated our issues after  visiting the front desk .  Being that said I recommend if you want a good location and not break the bank. I still have 4 days let here but so far so good .  I know the bad reviews scares people but all you have to do is ask and
bubble_40	Ok, everything was quite good - staff was personable, snack shop open until wee hours in the night, comfortable bed, large lobby, and great location in New York. Ok, our complaints are: 1) We were there in early Nov and outside temp was around 30-degrees. The room was extremely hot and we could never get the temp gauge to work right. So we had to open the window an inch to let in cold air, to compensate for the heat in the room. 2) The toilet was positioned waaaaaay to close to the toilet roll. I am an average size guy 5'11" and my right knee were crunched up against the wall, while my left knee was hitting to tub. Meaning to crap, you need to be on an extreme angle and leaning sideways just to pull paper off the roll. That was uncomfortable. Based on the room design, there is
bubble_30	First time staying there - perfect location - across from a concert I attended at The Garden. The place is massive, huge lobby and well over 1000 rooms. Check-in is very slow, so keep that in mind - long lines like you would have checking it at an airport. Overall, not too bad, as they opened another window and the man at check-in was quick. The place is a bit run down in some places, could use some upgrades. I had trouble getting into my room - but I went to the room with an A after the number which was kind of confusing. Security directed me by phone and all was good. Got to my room - modern, yet nothing special. Small. The bathroom was suitable. Nice TV. The woodwork trim was pretty beat up, looked like from years of painting over it. Towels had a slightly strange odor, can't
bubble_10	I made a reservation at the Hotel Pennsylvania on Wednesday November 6th for the night of November 12th.  I called on the 10th to try and cancel only to find out I could not as I had gone past the hotels cancellation time by 3 hours.  However I was advised that I could talk to accounting and a Manager I spoke to advised me they would make notes not he reservation.  I called today November 11th only to find that no notes had been placed on the reservation, and the Reservationist I spoke with questioned if I actually called yesterday or not.  Well I did.  I have the call logs on my phone to reflect calling the 800 number numerous times only to be hung up on, It was not until I called the hotels local phone number that I was able to speak with a real live human being.
bubble_40	We had a handicapped accessible room.  We had a walk in shower which made it accessible.  The bed was very comfy.  Of course there was a few drawhacks.  The room was on the 17th floor, we like lower floors, and far from the elevator.  It was a 'hike' to get to the room.  It was the farthest from the elevator.
bubble_50	The room service was excellent. The personnel friendly. I asked if it was possible to provide me a room at a higher floor and it was done for me. But what I enjoyed the most was the architecture of the building and the view from the window.
bubble_30	The staff was friendly. I would reccomend for someone else to stay here due to the location to everything. But the room was not as it was pictured. It was definitely renovated but the bathroom did not look updated and the toilet looked like it belongs in a public bathroom.  Not that it was dirty, just the style of the toilet reminds me of a public bathroom.  The tub did not look new either. It was not dirty but you can tell it has been around a while. There was no hand soap on the bath room. The bed was a little on the hard side. Okay for one night unless you like extra firm mattress. The area when you walk off the elevator was beautiful! This was a great walk to everything!!
bubble_10	Ill check in to this hotel on November 9, 2019,They have extremely long line to check in, the hotel front desk staff is not that personable. Once we were given a key to our room on the third floor, it was like I walk into an old horror movie. It was dingy dusty and dirty. The rooms was cold the windows were broken. I went to the front desk and asked to be changed, the front desk assistant advised that we had chosen a classic room which was a standard room that was not renovated. And she would change my room but it would be the same. She gave me another room and this room was even worse than before. As soon as I answered in the room I saw something in the corner pink and bubbly foaming out of the corner. And theFurniture was covered with dust. I was then given two more
bubble_30	The hotel is huge (1800 rooms) but with 12 elevators you on't wait long. However the hotel is old and desperately need a renovation. Things didn't work or work well - eg desk lights. The hot tap went backwards. The carpet was full of dust. The windows hadn't been washed for decades. Being close to Penn Station is a plus.
bubble_30	Nice hotel. Great location. The hotel is front of the subway station and madison square garden. There stores and restaurant. It was clean and nice employees. The room was a lit of bit old but there where very clean.
bubble_10	Least cooperative hotel! We emailed the hotel several times, where we still havent received any reply. Therefor we tried to contact the hotel through phone where we got connected further, and no one could take the matter further or come back to us with a specific answer. We had a need to upgrade or change our order and there has been zero help or willingness to cooperate.  What was supposed to be a pleasant first time stay in the city of N.Y. has become a stressful and bad experience where we most probably will need to split us up on different hotels and places.
bubble_30	I rang the hotels reservations before booking and asked what room type I needed to book to ensure we got an adapted room with a walk in shower as my partner Is disabled,advised to book room type with ADA which was adapted,booked adapted upgraded room which reservations advised,received a confirmation email from the hotel with the room type on as I'd even rang them after I'd booked and asked them to check I'd booked the  correct room. After a 7.40 hour flight,and a 2.30 hour shuttle transfer we arrived at the queue to check in,eventually it was our turn to be told they had not got any adapted rooms left,I had to argue for over an hour with the check in guy going to speak to his manager 3 times,my disabled partner who is also terminally ILL,waiting at the side in his wheel chair
bubble_30	Had to make a last minute room reservation and found an offer for a 2 double room here. Lobby area is spacious and appropriate for a hotel of this standing and star rating. Check-in was easy as we arrived sometime around 8 in the evening. Room 15-17A. Room was good enough for both of us. Bed comfortable but provided with only 1 pillow.  Air conditioner switched to heater settings from October, room was quite stuffy, window could only be opened to about 4 or 5 inches to let the cool air in and for circulation. Toilet/Bath room okay, but not much of a shelf to place our toiletries bags on.  The vending machine on our floor was not topped up from the time we checked in till the time we checked out. I suspect that it has not been topped up for a long time. The carpet along the
bubble_40	I was a little skeptical after reading reviews, however, when we arrived (earlier than check in time) we were able to get our room without any wait. The front desk employee was so friendly. The room was a king room as we selected, it was very nice and roomy too! We traveled by train so this location was absolutely perfect!!! All the attractions were in walking distance with a plethora of restaurants to choose from as well. We would definitely recommend Hotel Pennsylvania and will be back again! Thank you!
bubble_40	I was a little worried about staying here after reading some of the reviews, however, booked it anyway based on location and of course cost.  We arrived early and were pleasantly surprised that the line was very short to check in.  At a minimal cost, they allowed us to check in early (around 1pm)  We had booked a newly renovated king room and that's what we got. On the ninth floor.  It was a bit smaller than we thought it would be but it was clean, the bed was super comfortable, the tv was big and wifi good.  We stayed for three nights and the room was cleaned for us each day.  They were a little stingy with the washcoths but I had seen that in a review and took my own lol.  It had a little fridge.  If it was lacking anything at all, I would say a night table on both sides of
bubble_10	I have not stayed at the hotel yet, but i am not very much impressed with the service.  We got a hotel room but would like to upgrade so we can be more people. We have contacted the hotel directly to ask for extra bed or for a new room, of course we will pay the price. But the very late response says NO. I tried to call but i dont get through. I tried going through with the provider (Expedia) and they have called the hotel asking for upgrade and that we are willing to pay the price, but still no. And i dont understand why? When i have traveled before it has always been ok and the hotel has been service minded and fining a solution for our need. The hotel is ruining our vacation and making this very stressful, and not even accepting our willingness to pay. I am not looking
bubble_40	We enjoyed our stay. We arrived late at night and they didn't have de room we booked. Renovated rooms are ok but it should we better if there were a cofee machine and a fridge. The best the situation.
bubble_40	We stayed in the part that had not been updated. It was nice and clean. There was a corner of the ceiling that had what appeared to be mold. But over all a nice place. We would stay again for sure. We traveled on the megabus and the stop was very close to the hotel. Our relatives came on the train which was right across the street from the hotel. Perfect location.
bubble_40	First and foremost, this is not a 5-star hotel so do not expect a 5-star facilities. I booked the New Penn Collection King Room and the room is spacious and the bed is huge king bed! It is a comfortable room and I cannot complain because the bed and pillow are comfortable. The huge TV is also nice. Wifi is fast and location is in front of Madison Square Garden and Penn Station. Only blocks away from Time Square!  There is a working desk but there is no chair. Would be great to put a chair. There is only 1 trash bin in toilet and it would be great if there is another one in the room.  The window cannot be closed in full so I can hear the noise but not too loud as I slept properly. The window is dusty though from inside.  I am not sure if they have Aircon for summer but I am happy
bubble_10	Their idea of hotel breakfast is shameful. It's not even in the hotel but in a sad cafe where they give you a plastic cup with fruit, a tiny juice and some muffin. And the service is really the worst part. It seems the staff wants guests to be as miserable as they are.
bubble_40	I enjoyed my stay. The only problem is the long lines to check-in. They need to stream line this process and the people behind the counter could use some customers service training from Chick-Fil-A counter service employees. Just a suggestion  I could provide some training if needed
bubble_30	Very nice location - and that was why we selectet it We walked almost to every attraction  We wil come back - and we will stay at Pennsylvania against  If we wanted to take the sub it was just above 7. Avenue
bubble_40	Very pleased with service. Room was clean and had a nice view. Staff were very polite and helpful. The location of the hotel was fantastic as we were very close to areas of interest in the city. The continental breakfast did not work out for us, however, as we did not have time to find the cafe and it wasn't worth it to stand in line for what was being offered.
bubble_40	very nice and clean with own bathroom, but also very crowded. For the great area good for a couple of nights just to sleep in. We were there for 3 nights and had no problems with anything. We loved the location, beeing in the middle of everything. We'll be coming back.
bubble_30	I was on a girls trip to NYC. This hotel is in a really great location and the price was right! When we arrived I used the kiosk to check in, that was convenient since the line was long. It did however only give me 1 key when I requested 2. I booked a renovated room. Our room was stuffy since NYC had a "heat wave" of 66 degrees. I thought I was turning on the air and left the room. The unit in the room was old so it wasn't clear.. When we got back the room was HOT. Turns out I turned on the heat because that was the only option. The solution was for maintenance to come open the windows. We left it that way for the entire stay.  The room did not have any type of storage for our clothes except to hang in the closet but no hangers. The bathroom pedestal sink didn't offer much space
bubble_40	Staff was great! We didnt know the NYC marathon was going on when choosing to visit, house keeping was behind due to chaos of the marathon but were very nice and let us check our bags for free and gave us free breakfast vouchers for both days. Only thing we didnt like is there was no fan or ventilation in the bathroom so it got VERY muggy in the room.
bubble_40	No complaints about cleanliness here! Had previously stayed in an old room which smelled murderous and moldy and told myself id never stay there again, but after reading reviews about the newly renovated rooms we figured wed give it a second chance just because of the location. Got a renovated room and it was perfect
bubble_20	It is an older hotel - I get it. But if you have renovated rooms, why do you place your customers into atrocious rooms and wait if they complain before rectifying the situation? It is bad business.   Our room on fifth floor was really like a horror show. I went back down and complained and we were moved to 12th floor. It was much better and looked cleaner.   The 2 stars is due to location. It is amazing.
bubble_40	The hotel staff was very nice and very helpful .  They went out of their way to get answers to questions. The room was very clean. The check-in line was very long. But the staff did their best to serve. Checkout was very smooth. I would recommend to friends and staff.
bubble_40	Fascinating architecture and good location. We enjoyed our stay and the staff was very friendly. It has some floors that are remodeled but we stayed on one that was not. It was not perfect but was clean and contained two double beds in a huge room. It had a walk-in shower.
bubble_50	Make sure you book an upgraded room. I was told the older ones are OLD and sorely in need of upgrades.. our room was a double queen room.. we went to check in at 4:30 and it wasnt ready but after a bit of finesse and some comped drink tix it was all set. Shower was very difficult to control temperature and the heat system was definitely not updated but other than that no complaints on our end.
bubble_10	My family and I (room booked for 3 people) saved all year to go to New York on holiday.  We reserved this hotel for three nights in October.  Upon arriving we had to queue for the best part of an hour to simply check in, the breakfasts we were given 6 vouchers for (the third person- our 15 year old son didn't count?!) was out of the hotel in a rather shabby caf 40m away.   The room was cold, dirty, the bathroom has no bath plug in it, it had been painted white, this room was even colder than the bedroom with rusty radiators.   We were tired and fell asleep until 3am when it became so cold I had to call reception asking for extra blankets as our radiators were not functioning.  The blankets that were brought up were so static that I thought their sound was going to wake up our
bubble_20	This hotel is across the Street from Madison square garden. That is a plus. The check in, store, and security people are great. The Room sucks.  1) too hot and cant control the temperature 2) walls are dirty 3) light fixtures dont work 4) door looks like it was broken into multiple times 5 price at 200 per night over priced  Other then that its ok. 2 more nights and Im outta here.
bubble_30	Looks good from the outside and the reception area, from there on it goes downhill, we had a room on the 4th floor, the carpet was tired and torn in places, the bathroom was functional, but could use a deep clean, also the paintwork needs freshening up, chips in places. On the plus side there were lots of elevators, again going against it was the fact breakfast was served at a local cafe offsite.
bubble_50	We have stayed at  the Pennsylvania 6-five thousand 5 or 6 times.  It has always served our purposes well as a base camp for Broadway, the 9-11 memorial, Coney Island, and really everything NYC has to offer.
bubble_50	Great location, great bedrooms... always a perfect stay! The breakfast is a good option, and you have a lot of things (including metro) near to your stay.  Clean bathrooms, hot water on point... everything was ok.
bubble_10	Horrible. Worst check in experience- the room wasn't ready until 6:30 despite their policy being 4pm check in.  Bad customer service- they were unapologetic about our room not being ready and dismissive.  Breakfast was a joke - you have to walk down the street to a place that give you a muffin, a premade coffee and a fruit cup. This was not a "continental breakfast". And the place was dirty- our room was disgusting. The whole floor was. This was a nightmare stay.
bubble_40	This place was built in 1919 and has been nicely remodeled over the years. We loved the way the huge elevator lobbies on  the room floors had been remodeled into a lounge with a giant TV, couches and tables. It was a wonderful place to sit while waiting for others in our party, or to sit down to eat a slice of pizza from one of the nearby vendors. It was also a great place to socialize with people from all over the world. Wifi was fast and free.
bubble_40	The hotel is very conveniently located next to Penn station. Lobby is well adorned. So are the elevators - fast multiple and efficient. Room is very simple and quite worn out. But everything works. Bed is OK. So, if you plan to spend no time other than sleeping in your room (and why should you?) it works. Especially at  a very reasonable (for NYC) price
bubble_20	Sorry, this is a long one! My friend and I stayed at the Hotel Pennsylvania for three nights for a total of ~$860. First off, we chose early check in($50). Upon arriving early in the morning we didnt expect to get a room, but figured that they would tell us when to come back and our room would be ready. We we checked our luggage ($5 per piece) and went out. We came back about noon and the room was still not ready, and we were told they probably wouldnt have it ready until check in time (3:00). Our first experience with staff was lovely. Our second experience with staff was less than desirable. The woman was impolite and short with us. We went out again and came back at about 3:00. We then waited in line for about 35 minutes (because they were understaffed and only had two
bubble_50	We stayed for 9 nights at penn hotel. Very good location, nice gym at new york sports clubs and a very nice breakfast at R cafe all included with our booking at booking.com. we wil be back for sure.good luck
bubble_10	I paid almost $400 for one night in a 'newly upgraded room'. See my photos and decide for yourself. Complimentary breakfast is served in a huge cafe about 500 yards away from the hotel. Check in was abrasive and bullish.
bubble_40	The location was ideal as it was right across from Penn Station and very easy to get the subway around NYC. Check-in was pretty easy but only if you can use the kiosk because the check-in lines were incredibly long.  Check with the hotel before arriving to make sure you have a kiosk number.  The hotel is a bit dated even though it said we were in a newly renovated room.  It was clear we were not.  We would probably stay again but only in weather that did not require AC as the rooms (at least the one we were in) had no AC.  That would be impossible in the summer or warm fall days. The hotel staff were very helpful and polite!  My suggestion for the hotel would be to spend some money and get coffee makers and mini fridges in the rooms and update to nicer, softer towels.
bubble_30	Man i was going back in time !! , back to the roaring 20's i had a great time !!  great value for an old hotel , right across from Madison Square Garden next to the subway and LLRT right straight to JFK airport , great time in New York.             Enjoy .
bubble_30	It was hot and humid during our stay. Our air conditioner only blew hot air. We checked with other patrons and they had the same issues. Water temp in showers were hard to regulate.  This hotel was conveniently located and served its purpose for us out of town concert goers. Make sure to reserve the newly remodeled rooms. I hear the others are worse. Our bed was comfortable.
bubble_40	I was apprehensive about my stay based on previous reviews. When I arrived, the queue for check in was very, very long, which as a complaint I had read about before. However, there are three or four kiosks available for check-in, and I was provided a kiosk number to check in there. Took about three minutes and I had my room keys and on my way. Same with check out; line was miles long. I dropped my keys in express check out box, went to the kiosk, and was checked out promptly. I would highly suggest using the kiosks.  We were in a "newly-renovated" room on the 14th floor. Room was nice, nothing fancy, but very comfortable. Any issues I had were resolved relatively quickly by staff. The location was perfect! Easy access to subway and dining options were plentiful. Would most
bubble_30	Having read some of the terrible reviews on here, I feared the worst. I was relieved to find that it wasn't anywhere near as bad as some people make out. Yes, the corridors and lift lobbies are a bit tired, but the rooms (we had two) were very clean and comfortable. It's a very old hotel, so obviously it's going to have some quirks, but if what you're looking for is a decent place to crash at night in the heart of midtown Manhattan, then this hotel is perfectly adequate. Directly opposite Penn Station, 15 minute walk to Times Square, a couple of blocks from Empire State, next door to Macy's - you won't find a better starting point to explore the city. My only criticism (and this is an easy fix for the hotel management) is that the corridors sometimes stank of weed smoke. Other
bubble_40	Had a little trouble checking -in however I would just like to commend the hotel management ,in particular Shawn, who went above and beyond to accommodate my family and truly understands what it means to work in the hotel and hospitality sector.  Thank you for a wonderful stay.
bubble_50	Nice room, great price, excellent service, killer location,  - discount breakfast, drink and restaurant coupons made it that much better.  We asked for a specific type of room and Maria B. delivered with charm and grace - all hotels should have someone like her greeting and checking in guests!  I will go back to this hotel the next time I go to NYC!
bubble_50	Stayed in pennsylvania hotel on 5th Ave across from Madison Square garden. Hotel is busy, clean, staff are friendly. It's 10 minute walk to times square. Macy's is two minutes away, Empire State building around the corner, great location
bubble_10	The only good thing was location of the hotel. I liked also coupons that they give you during check-in to have a discount dinner with free drink in a nearby bar. The breakfast was very simple modest but ok and was in other building unfortunatelly. The hotel from the outside looks very nice, but inside, omg! maybe 50 years ago it was a nice hotel, but now it is a dirty crowded cheap hostel. This hotel is dirty, crowded and it smells not good everywhere. The personel is not so nice. Everything is dated and looks like it was never renovated or even cleaned. The floor was covered with 50 years dust. The corridors were depressing. The room was awful, like in a prison or worse. Very small and dirty, it was stinking, the bathroom was never renovated, the tiles were falling down in a
bubble_40	The renovated room was clean and nice, and in a central location to eating, sightseeing and times square. Hotel staff was nice and accommodating, when ever we had a question they were prompt and kind to respond.
bubble_40	The new rea of Hotel Pennsylvania is very nice. Clean, everything is new and beautiful. The staff is very friendly. It is close to 5th Avenue, Times Square and is had many options to eating around the hotel.
bubble_40	My husband enjoyed our stay here. Yes there are some outdated items but thats what makes the hotel. We chose this hotel due to the close proximity of Madison Square Garden. Perfect place if you have an event there. The staff we talked with were friendly. We checked in using the express check in computers and dropped our key in the drop box on the way out. We didnt have to wait in any lines.
bubble_50	I read some bad reviews but was very pleased about location, safety, breakfast and drink tix, and our room was remodeled and nice!!! This hotel is very old so don't expect modern perfection... Staff was great too and beautiful view of the city that never sleeps!!! We will definitely be back!!!
bubble_10	Not sure where to start. What a complete and utter dump. We had one room with filth all over the bathroom door, sink pipes all hanging off the wall and filthy with rust. Paint and plaster falling off ceiling so looked at another. Filthy carpets. Bathroom was better but walls & ceilings in a shocking state of repair. Next room the better of the 3 still in need of repair, rusty, old, dusty bathroom with a door that doesnt shut, the shower is a gentle trickle. There were no other rooms to upgrade to. Not enough towels or pillows for number of guests. Breakfast which we werent told is in a separate building across & up the street with homeless in and out stealing food and miserable staff with not many places to sit down. Needed an early start & asked for a breakfast to take out
bubble_40	We dont usually post reviews but after our first stay on Oct 31 + Nov 1 in one of the Superior Suites to attend Dead and Company at MSG we were apprehensive after reading a lot of the reviews , the Suite was over 500 Square Feet , we found it out dated and ready for updates but clean . We had friends staying in one of the Penn Collection newly remolded rooms (Very nice ) the service from Valet (only $54 per day !) Desk Staff,  ,  Bell Man and Maid was outstanding ! The location for Madison Square Garden events is a 2 minute walk from lobby to event . We felt the lodging a great value at $ 655 with tax for 2 nights outstanding ! If you want luxury stay at one of the 4/5 star upscale Hotels for $600+ a night for a regular 200 Sq ft room , but you wont beat this location for
bubble_10	If you set your expectations really low and have a ton of patience, then you wont be disappointed.  Sure the location is great but theres dozens of other hotels all around here you should book instead of this one.   We waited over an hour only to be told our room still wasnt ready (check in is at 3pm. This was 4pm). We booked the executive suite and were given a much smaller unrenovated room with absolutely no view.  What a nightmare this hotel has been.    The person at the counter next to us, disabled and in a wheelchair, wasnt even able to enter his bathroom. What kind of service is that?!
bubble_50	Excellent stay great staff, very clean and tidy we had 3 new refurbished rooms and great maid service every day. Very good value for money and will definitely be back . I think some of the negative reviewers expect 5 star....so they should stay in 5 star if you want a great hotel which is clean tidy lovely staff and in the heart of everything you will not be disappointed.......also the beds are amazingly comfortable
bubble_40	Came with friends to celebrate abig birthday. Some confusion at check-in but Maria B sorted us out with a fabulous combination of NewYork sass and great customer service.  Room was lovely and you cant beat the central location and historic vibe.   Fantastic trip. Sad to be leaving
bubble_10	We arrived at inaccurately named hotel at 7pm on the 24th of October 2019. Upon arrival we noticed many homeless people wandering around the perimeter of the "establishment". On entering the building I noticed a opulent and well finished but dated lobby. Queuing for a length of 25 minutes to check in the receptionist appeared uninterested and tired. After some initial difficulty paying via card the clerk commented that 'we wouldn't have to sleep on the streets tonight', however this soon became a desire for us. The security sitting at the elevators appeared bored and dishevelled. We took the elevator to the 4th floor room 486. The corridor reminded us of a scene from a horror movie  and my younger sister was visibly worried. The doors were clearly intended to provide an old
bubble_30	Did what it needed to do. It was clean, safe and quiet. The value for money was worth it for the location as you are central to everything. The breakfast included at the cafe R, although across the street, was good too.   The room was small and barely enough room for 2 people. Paint chips on ceiling, bed never made in 4 nights or toiletries replenished, inc toilet roll. Bins emptied and thats it...  No air con, but when window open, the sound of sirens is deafening.   Showers were ok but bath plug looked like a hole left but a pneumatic drill.   TV was great and massive, so big, it felt like a cinema when watching in bed!   They will take your bags and store them for 5$ per bag and take in any mail (we had clothes bought in store, delivered) for another $5 per item.   Overall,
bubble_10	Started with a long line (??upward of 30) to register (although pre-booked and pre-paid). Counter assistant was brusque-to-rude. Room heating nonexistant, no additional blankets provided. Breakfast ("3 items", akin to a food bank handout) was in a cafe in an adjacent street - had to go to breakfast through the rain. The hotel is huge, appears to rely on contracts with airline staff. Hotel staff generally were impersonal to unhelpful (with the usual ratio of non-English speakers.)
bubble_50	Now first of all let me assure you - I would return to this hotel at the drop of a hat ! Its location is amazing and all the bed linen and room was very clean and pristine.  We were on a budget and as the saying goes you get what you pay for!   The room itself and probably the entire floor was tired - probably comatose!  Carpets and decor is extremely dated on this floor - but it adds to the charm. The only other thing I would recommend is to take a small kettle of your own and tea/coffee/milk/creamer as there are no drink making facilities what so ever.  All that said - if you want to experience olde worlde then its great.  Location, location,location!    The staff were extremely helpful and polite;I would recommend this hotel as I do know they are gradually improving the
bubble_30	Rooms are small, closet space limited.  wish there were ice machines.  It is a very large and busy hotel.  Coupons for dining at the nearby restaurant were useful and the food is good there.  Continental breakfast was average and the place very crowded.  Didn't like paying $40/day "resort fee" including use of health club which we did not use at all.
bubble_30	The room was small; no dresser, no chair, iron board broke down. I'm a former member of the Penn 5000 club. I've been staying at the hotel for over 40 years. I was in room 1207-A.  This was the smallest room I've stayed in.
bubble_40	This hotel has great economic value. Our room was a bit shabby, but it was huge by NY standards and had a great private bath and very comfortable bed.   The valet parking at $50per day is also a very good deal.  I will stay here again.   Staff was most helpful and courteous.
bubble_30	The hotel staff are helpfull and nice. Room were fine and renovated compared to the surroundings. Breakfast was outsourced to a restaurant. This was so bad, claiming that they have NYs best and largest buffet, hotel guests were lined up in to get 1 cup of coffee, 1 bad donut with cheese or a croisant and a cup of fruit, all of very bad quality. Stay away from buying breakfast included!!
bubble_50	Amazing customer service from Maria. B at the front desk. Nothing was too much trouble for her. Made our NY trip get off to a great start. Hotel location is great, lots of shopping nearby.  Room was clean and modern with vending machine nearby. Hotel has a great old charm feel lobby.
bubble_20	Hotel location, PERFECT. Room 545 on floor 5 was soo shabby. We could have upgraded but we spent enough money to get there. If they are happy with all their rooms why not photograph floor 5 rooms. Staff were lovely although there never seems to be enough of them causing long queues checking in and out. No restrooms unless you go to the desk, get a key and go downstairs. The free breakfast was out of the hotel and a 5 minute walk and more often than not there were no seats in the cafe. No extractor fan in bathroom and no air conditioning. Wouldnt like to have gone in the summer.
bubble_50	We stayed for 5 nights and loved it! Very convenient location. The room was awesome, so was the staff. My only complaint would be that the AC was off, it was humid and that meant opening the window. Which meant a LOT of street noise! I would definitely stay again!
bubble_10	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. There were mousetraps in the room. Torn and worn bedding. Filthy and unsanitary. Not enough towels for the guests. Dusty and torn and worn carpet. Deceiving photos of the rooms throughout the hotel. Unfriendly service. Bathrooms were not clean. This was our first visit to New York and it was a horrible experience even upon arrival. Our reservation was made months in advance and we still did not have a room we had to downsize with no compensation.
bubble_50	We had a wonderful time in NYC staying at Hotel Pennsylvania. The hotel has every convenience needed to feel confortable and safe. The rooms were very spacious and the location is perfect. I can't say enough about this hotel. The employees were extremely professional and personable especially David at the check-in desk and Mr Ernest. We will definitely be back soon!
bubble_10	The location of this Hotel is amazing. MSG over the road and a short walk to Times Square, with plenty of great places to eat and drink. The walk to Central Park was more than manageable, with some super sights along the way. On arriving at the Hotel there was an enormous line to check in. My new Wife and I took advantage of the 'Express Check-In', which was express, and done in just a minute or so. This was probably the highlight of the Hotel. We got to our room on the third floor. The door had the 1919 Valet door on the front, we didn't expect to actually step back in time. The brown decor (or dirt) greeted us first, the stained mattress was surprising and the 70's bathroom just topped it off. We ended up attending 'Target' to buy our own downer to sleep under as the blanket
bubble_40	Great location. Nice people. Decent, Clean rooms. No fridge, coffeemaker or microwave. Check in took over 30 minutes. Long line of people waiting to check in with 4 people assisting until 2 went on break. No one came to "fill in the blanks."
bubble_50	From the front desk to housekeeping, the staff was wonderful! Our group of four was reduced by one at the last minute, so our friend actually got an upgrade. Our room was short on towels, but a quick call brought plenty more in no time. Great service!
bubble_30	Hotel Pensylvania is located in an excellent location of Manhattan if your visit is for shopping and sight seeing. Macy's and FOX & Friends TV station are both across the streets on either sides. Breakfast is served outside the hotel building and the complimentary breakfast is nothing to write home about. The hotel needs serious renovations, the finishing in the bathroom is disappointing, not for a 5 star hotel. We experienced toilet clogged and we had to call housekeeping to stop by to unclog the toilet and clean the bathroom. Rates too was too high for a hotel of such standard. Many restaurants around at a walking distance.
bubble_20	It's about as basic as they come, dust everywhere, cold and dreary. The location is all it has going for it, if it were anywhere else it'd have shut down a long time ago.   Still haven't had our deposit back either despite it being well over the time they specify and no response to our emails chasing it.
bubble_20	Where do I start, oh yes , check in time. Eight couples/singles waiting to check in front of us (family of 3) time to get to desk 45mins! Room assigned 495. First impressions coming out of lift , dismal. Run down paint, dirty worn carpets. Walked to room(like something out of the shinning)dark and dingy. Entering the room was like horror film 'Hostel'. Room extremely spacious but so filthy, carpet as in hall , sticky underfoot and bubbling. The a/c was so black with filth had to turn off in case we caught something! Dead bugs on bathroom floor and uncleaned toilet. Room furniture was laughable with missing/broken draws of desk, unkept bed. The decor seemed to have been attempted by a 10yr old! How reception can charge $100 deposit for this room is beyond me . Oh there were also
bubble_30	I stayed here because it is across the street from Madison Square garden.   It's an old run down hotel.  My room was pretty clean, but the bathroom smelled really bad.  The water pressure was great.  The bed & pillows were okay.  The towels were very rough, but plenty of them. Checkin was fast & easy, although I got there at a good time.  I saw long lines every day to check in.  The gentleman who checked me in was great.  The worst part is waiting for an elevator to go down.  I waited several times for 10 plus cars.  All too full for 1 more person.  There are 12 elevators!
bubble_10	Impolite staff at reception and very poor complimentary breakfast. Also there were rats when I arrived. Truly disgusting. And they didnt even carr about finding a solution for the people who found the rats
bubble_50	Aside from the lack of air conditioning (due to the historic category of the building), this hotel and room was very comfortable and spacious with updated/renovated bathroom. The location was practical and suited my needs. I will definitely return here again!
bubble_10	My husband and I and our 24 yo son visited NYC for our sons birthday. We arrived on a Thursday evening late and were so disappointed at the quality of this hotel, at $900 for three nights, we almost left the next day. If not for the hassle that wouldve chewed up time here, we would have. We were in one of the renovated rooms.Room #1011A.The bathroom is about the size of a closet. You have to shut the door before you can sit on the pot. The pedestal sink has only a very narrow shelf above it for setting anything down. There are no hooks, even on the back of the bathroom door. One small towel rod with clumsy access to it behind the door by the toilet. They are proud of their original cast iron tubs but they are so small, slippery and if a big person was showering, cramped.
bubble_50	Exellent location,  Shopping,Ice Hockey,Metro,Theaters,Conserts,Railroad Renewed Penn Plaza rooms worth of money,self check in is very big plus after long flight Yes we are coming back when need hotel in New York
bubble_40	Good location. Front desk looks unfriendly but in actual fact they are very helpful. A arrived early and she managed to find a room for early check in. And all the staffs there are pretty senior but they are Super kind.
bubble_20	Couldnt fault the staff at the hotel. As for the hotel itself... well. The bathroom looked like it belonged in the 1960s, the room decor maybe the 80s. I dont think theyve given much attention over the years. Paint was falling off the ceiling and the plug didnt work in the sink. Massively overpriced for the state of the room
bubble_40	We had one if the updated rooms. The room was very clean and the staff very friendly.  We will stay here again and I would recommend it. No frills but a great location and really how much are you really in your room in NYC. Directly across from Penn Station and MSG is also very convenient.
bubble_40	The hotel in my opinion is far better than average, I would definitely say deserves an extra star. We booked a suite for 3 of us which was lovely, extremely spacious and well equipped with T.V in each room,  iron, hair dryer and toiletries included. The room was also cleaned each day and we had no problems with anything.The continental breakfast was from the cafe across the street and consisted of a bagel or croissant, a bowl of fresh fruit and a coffee or juice, perfectly adequate for some calories to start a busy day of exploring the city. I would suggest taking the breakfast to go and eat it in the hotel as the cafe gets busy. On checking out I said to the receptionist I cant understand the bad reviews because weve had a great stay, she said we have had our problems but
bubble_40	WE stayed at the hotel for three nights in October.   Our room was a room to sleep four people in four beds so that was a good point.   It was a VERY old room with plaster coming off the walls, would be really cold in the winter, big hole in the bath tub.   Plus points was the towels were changed daily, shower was hot, beds were clean. Hotel was opposite Penn Station so very good location in New York.   Price was reasonable for the four of us in one room. Breakfast was horrible in a cafe near the hotel - we ended up getting it and giving it to the homeless who needed it more than us.
bubble_10	Walked into the lobby and nearly choked on the smell of musty smoke. The room was the most depressing, tired, worn, musty, room Ive ever stayed in. Paint coming off the walls, wasnt sure what was dirt and what was just the carpet. Bed was so creeky.   Way below average standard of any standard room in the world.   Nothing like advertised on line!!!
bubble_50	Great location, very comfortable bed,great staff very helpful,specially Dino on check-in.i stay in a newly renovated Penn Plaza rooms,see you all on my next visit,once again thank you Wayne from Ireland
bubble_10	I have also been charged hundreds of dollars extra for my room which I already paid for via expedia. At check in was told $100 deposit only and no further payments and instead I find when I return home over $700 taken out. If no response and refund I will be forced to take legal action.
bubble_10	THEFT!!!!! Hotel charged me twice for 1 room and won't refund my money. They have stolen my money. I have sent various emails and no one is taking responsibility. I have filed a police report against the matter so hopefully they will be investigated
bubble_30	Very simple , old with low maintatance hotel in good location in manhattan  Good option if you are looking for a low cost hotel near the subway.  Looks good from the outside & loby but the rooms does not look good - what can expect from a  2 stars hotel...
bubble_50	Great location. Close to everything o in NYC. Surrounded by great attractions. Walking distance to Hudson Yards and The Vessel, the High Line Park and Subway station at the hotel sidewalk. No problems during my visor.
bubble_10	I dont think I can even put into words how disgusting this hotel was. We checked in on the automated machines which did make the process a lot quicker however given room 220, the corridors of the hotel were manky, dirty and very spooky horrible the room well I wouldnt have let my dog stay in there, mould on the walls and dirt all over the floor, something that looked like blood was above the bed on the wall, the bathroom had tiles missing, half the plug in the bath missing and the whole room looked like it hadnt been cleaned in forever, there was an interconnecting door which just had like an old door chain on as a lock! We went to reception and they had no new rooms so then gave us 1587 I think well this room was just as bad all paint peeling off the wall the bedding manky
bubble_40	We were delighted with the location of the Hotel Pennsylvania.  It was convenient to all trains, buses, etc., and most sights in midtown were walkable.  The hotel is old, which is charming, but don't expect new, shiny rooms.  Everything was functional and roomy.  We made use of the free drink coupons and 20% off dinner at Stout, and used the breakfast vouchers for cafe R each morning.  We took advantage of luggage storage services upon check-out.  $5/suitcase, and a tip, and we didn't have to worry.  Check-out went fairly smoothly, but we waited in line for a half hour to check in when we arrived.  The lines at the desk are always very long.  All in all, a comfortable stay, at comparatively reasonable price, in a great location.  We would stay there again.
bubble_20	Sorry for my bad English as I'm from Germany. We've been here twice in different rooms, because we took a trip to Toronto in the middle of our New York trip. The hotel is really old, but not in a charming, but in a trashy kind of way. The beds are old, carpets are disgusting and need to be replaced and the heating/ air conditioning was broken in both rooms. The air is horrible in the rooms, you wake up at night and just can't breathe. The worst thing about this hotel is the service: the safety box in our first room was broken, so we asked the receptionist to get it fixed. The answer was simply "no". We had to bring our valuables to a room next to the reception and to ring a bell (and wait for about 20 minutes) every time we needed something. In general the waiting time at the
bubble_20	A group of 39 students and 4 staff stayed 3 nights at the hotel. My colleague and I had a twin room. I have never stayed in such a room that was in desperate need of renovation.   The bath had stains. There was an electric plug right above the sink! The bedroom was ok but we were unable to use the heater to cool the room down as the heater control was broken so out the plug came.  Students mentioned they saw mice and killed cockroaches!   On a positive, the location was fantastic.
bubble_50	I was allowed to do early check in! The Attendant offered me an upgrade for $35 per day, but what an awesome upgrade!!!! Great room. Great location. Great service! I love this hotel. There's McDonals right next corner. Nice gym. Good breakfast, with an option to upgrade to buffet breakfast for additional $10.
bubble_40	Very huge and busy hotel with waiting time at the front desk and elevators. Nice and spacious rooms with excellent beds and a acceptable housekeeping. A lot of noise from the city even though we stayed at the 14th floor. The windows are not very sound proof. The location is perfect across the Penn Station if you are arriving by train or subway.
bubble_30	The rooms they originally booked looked like something from a local shelter. The mattress was low budget,  ice plastic container (no liner), windows stuck, hair behind the door in the bath, tub pealing (?), no safe (as advertised), carpet torn, and actually quite spooky walking down the hall. and, oh a door to another room with no lock on our side.   Maria B. (being off the clock) happen to walk past us in the lobby as we appear to be lost.  She asked us if we needed anything. After we had already checked in to our room very shocked as it did not even come close to the picture sent to us and the attached letter welcoming us to the newly renovated rooms. She helped us get a room that included new pillows, space, immensities (already promised by the hotel), and drink tickets and
bubble_30	Location is great, right in the middle of everything and across from madison square garden. Hotel is old. We had an updated room that was adequate but needs renovation. I dont want to know what the non updated rooms look like. Our room was clean, beds firm, no blinds to block city lights so room never gets dark. Long check in lines.  They do give drink vouchers and discounts to close restaurants. There is free  Continental breakfast which is a cup of fruit, danish, bagel or muffin and juice or coffee.  If you want to go through the main buffet its an extra $10 for one pass-through.  Valet parking is $55. Price was high for value. We paid $354 and you are paying for the location not the hotel. No coffee maker in room. Had to pay $10 for them to house our luggage which is lame.
bubble_30	Over all a good value. However, room was quite small, and there was a shortage of plastic cups! Only given 2 for whole stay. Housekeepers said they were almost out! Please, a small thing, but important if we did not bring our own.
bubble_20	It seems that the Hotel is part of the history of New York, Its absolutely well located, right in front of the Madison square garden and Penn station, wich is great for those who use the subway as part of their trip in manhattan. But that's is it. Its overly crowded hotel. the staff does not help on anything besides a check in. Our room smells cigars all the time.  We stayed for 11 days in the hotel, and for 3 days we didn't have shower towels on the bathroom, when we ask for towels no one was able to provide it.   I do not recommend this place ! save a bit more money and stay on a better hotel on the mid town area. there are a lot of option.s
bubble_10	Travelling to NYC every week I usually go to Marriott hotels or IHG. Late booking and fees made me go to this hotel. (2 days only usually hotel is = I sleep)  I arrived at the hotel at 11.00pm exhausted and surprise 2 receptionists for more than +30 people waiting. I did spend 40 mins in the line waiting.  Clients (myself included) complained and the Manager said this is normal (10/22/2019). Fortunately for me I do no serve my clients like that I would be fired in a minute.   Thats was for the check in ....   I have been assigned room 1014A did do not pay attention and I went to 1014 literally 50 feet (same floor). I was able to open the room without key card and this is what I found (picture enclosed) and I thought it was my room.  I went back to the lobby again and
bubble_10	Awful , dirty , dingy and couldve been used as the set for any horror movie Rooms are large, furniture and beds are very dated, dingy and not at all comfortable. We sprayed the room liberally with bug spray, just in case . bathroom needed a deep clean or better still be gutted . . Staff disinterested in any complaints , didnt see any rodents but place was manky . Cheap, not cheerful, AVOID
bubble_30	Good location. Average service in the lobby. Housekeeping Ladies was really nice and helpfull.  Really bad breakfast at Cafe R which the Hotels use for their guests. We had booked a room for 4 persons , but could only receive breakfast tickets for 2 persons..... That maked no sense. Would I book this hotel again .... yes... due to the good location.
bubble_30	First room they put us in was horrible but second room was much nicer thank you to Raymond for making the change. Enjoyed our first time in New York City. The extra charge for a car was very expensive and was unaware of charge when booking the hotel.
bubble_30	It isn't the best hotel but compared to Manhattan prices and if you get a newly renovated room it wasn't bad. The location is great going to a game or concert at Madison Square it's best. And will for sure get a real feel of New York.
bubble_30	In general it is a nice hotel and great location. They say they offer continental breakfast, WHICH ABSOLUTELY NOOT. It's old fruits, coffee and a bagel.  Every Night when we came back to the hotel we see rats running in the hall which is disgusting.
bubble_40	The renovations have really transformed the experience at this hotel.  Much cleaner, more comfortable stay.  The lobby is always far too busy though, with crowds of people clogging up the area.  Staff was very helpful when we needed anything. Definitely give this place a chance.
bubble_30	The only breakfast "offered" (that was included in the price for the room) for 10 days was; one bagel (or cupcake/croissant/danish) on plastic-cup of old melon pieces and one cup of coffee (or juice).  The hotel said this was CONTINETAL breakfast, this is NOT continental breakfast. The hotel have a huge room at the hotel, that they used to serve breakfast and dinner, but they have found a super lucrative way to earn a lot of money.  The have made a deal with a "diner" so all guest have to go out over the street and about 50 meters to get "the breakfast".  Then you have to get back to the hotel and when you arrive at the room, the coffee is getting cold!!  The bagel is only and every day with Philadelphia cheese, but only on 10% of the bagel.  The hotel offer a better
bubble_30	Pros: - Great location.  Right across the street from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden.  Take the train anywhere or walk as most attractions are walking distance. - Beds were very comfortable and plenty of pillows were provided.  Our double room had 4 pillows per bed.  Cons: - In my opinion charging guests $5 per bag prior to check in is a bit of a cash grab.  I would have been okay with a charge to leave my bags after I had checked out, but when I am checking in....just wrong. - Service requests were not met in a timely manner or at all.  I had to call the operator 3 times to finally get a Do Not Disturb sign for my room.  During our stay the hotel switched from A/C to Heat and when I called to enquire how to cool the room I was told someone would come up and open the
bubble_40	Excellent location and attention. Good business inside the hotel, good room service and luggage storage. Around the hotel there are many options for eating, public transport, and various businesses. I recommend it.
bubble_50	9 of us decided to do train trip from Roanoke VA to NYC So convenient to stay at Hotel Pennsylvania and we had a great time. Rooms remodeled were nice. Loved the gathering area on each floor. Little concerned why on two bath towels and only one washcloth for 2 people In room Overall pleasant stay!
bubble_40	We stayed there 7 days and it was a good hotel in the middle of NYC, nearly to the hotel was a metro station. Our breakfast, which we booked to was like 100 meter from the hotel. One bad point of our  stay was that we dont have a coffee or tea maker in our room. And to less cupboards in our room.
bubble_40	I had the best holiday ever. I loved my room, it was clean, beautiful and warm.  I loved the fact that is just opposite Madison Square Garden, which meant I had an opportunity to go and watch NBA game.
bubble_30	included "breakfast" simply consists of fruit salad in plasticcup, one pastry or bagel and one juice and coffee on voucher in Cafe 'R' across the street. PennStation just across 7th Ave simple rooms comparably fair price for that location
bubble_40	Raymond Singh, Hotel Night Manager, saved the day.  We were so tired from the red eye and the Hotel was sold out so we could not get into our room.  Mr. Singh was courteous, professional and so helpful.  Thank you, Raymond!  We will certainly be returning because of your hospitality.     Susan Quijano
bubble_10	Great location. However, service is HORRIBLE!!! Even though we reserved a month prior, check in kiosks did not function properly. I made 2 attempts with the kiosk and still had to proceed to the long line due to their big travel groups. Check in process took about one hour or more. They should surely need to improve this customer service. Also, elevators  were overwhelmed by large amount of customers, it took 15-20mins to wait.
bubble_40	great location great staff overall good service great view of New York skyline this Hotel is located across the street from Madison Square Garden the World most famous arena. this hotel is clean  the room that I was staying is excellent it's clean the bathroom   and towels are super clean. One of the best hotel in New York.
bubble_40	The hotel s in a great location.  Walking distance to many parts of downtown. Right across to train station. It is large and there's a lot of lobby traffic at all times. The only negative is going outside the hotel for breakfest its in another building. .
bubble_30	I seem to have a very hit n miss experience when stopping in New York. I'm lucky enough to pass through on a fairly regular basis, so when I found the Pennsylvania, I as really pleased as the price was good for slap bang in the middle of town when normally, most hotels just want to take your bank account and empty it - so that was a welcome find.  Check in was an easy affair as I used the automated check in facility as the check in line was huge so that saved a load of time. However, leaving the lift, the age of the hotel arrived. I was on the 4th floor, and the carpets looked very worn, the walls were bashed and marked and the what would have been lovely eloborate doors to rooms were also looking tired. Room was a great size compared to what I stayed in last time in another
bubble_30	We were lucky to be in a newly renovated room, it was huge and clean and comfortable. Bathroom not great but clean, need to renovate bathrooms as well. Breakfast voucher was awful, we only went to R Cafe the first day and then found our own breakfast from then on as R Cafe food was awful.  So we landed up paying for 4 breakfasts when it should have been included.
bubble_50	This is our 2nd time staying at hotel Pennsylvania and I will definitely use it again. Our check in was very prompt and check out very smooth. This hotel is in the perfect spot for all that New York has to offer. I stayed in a renovated room and it was okay.
bubble_20	Mold in first room on the fourth floor, second room on the 14th floor was very small and was charged an upgrade charge (reduced but an upgrade charge)." Free continental breakfast"  was a cold bagel at a questionable restaurant down the street from the hotel. Great location overall, staff was excellent. Sorry to say, I would not recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	This hotel is in the perfect spot for all that New York has to offer. I stayed in a renovated room and it was okay. Corners were cut during renovation but I would definitely stay here again. It's a small room but it's New York so it is what it is. Nice TV, nice bed and bedding. Bathroom is small, toilet had a very forceful flush. So much so that water would splash on the floor after flushing. Not a lot but there shouldn't be any. The water pressure in the shower could be used to sandblast graffiti off a brick wall. Caulking was sloppy and should be redone. Again, even will all the negatives I'd stay here again. Check in and check out were a breeze and done via a kiosk and key drop box respectively.
bubble_10	We first had a room on the 8th floor with two single beds.  When we walked into the bathroom, we were in shock because the tub was peeling and dirty looking.  We did not tell the desk until the next morning as we had theater tickets , etc.  The next morning we were allowed to move ourselves to a room on the second floor.  The beds had no spreads.  There was no dresser and no lamp next to one of the beds.  A look in the bathroom showed us that this tub was no more inviting than the other.  The difference was that the porcelain was not peeling, but it was cracked.  We have stayed in less centralized locations with no complaints.  This is really bare bones as far as I am concerned.
bubble_40	This is our 3rd time staying at hotel Pennsylvania and I will definitely use it again. Our check in was very prompt and staff very pleasant. Yes the hotel is old but full of character and nice people. You could not ask for a better location right next to Penn Station. All staff we dealt with were very friendly and helpful. In particular Akhter Jahan our room maid (room 515A) was amazing. Such a happy cheerful face in the morning and our room was made up very quickly and was spotlessly cleaned. An asset to your staff. Looking forward to our next visit.
bubble_30	Hotel Pennsylvania in New York City is an average hotel when it comes to rooms n amenities. Location of the hotel is it's USP. In the center of Manhattan opposite to Penn station n just few blocks away from Empire State Building it offers most convenient location for all food joints n shopping places . Hotels lobby is always crowded and the rooms are very average . I didn't eat anything in the hotel but it has a small safe in the lobby n all sorts of cuisine around the hotel . It's a decent pick if you wanna be in heart of Manhattan.
bubble_40	My girlfriend and I spent a weekend in NYC soaking up the sights and sounds, and could not have found a  better deal than Hotel Pennsylvania in the heart of midtown Manhattan.  Right across Penn Station, it was so conveniently located.  The property has certainly seen better days, and seems to attract travellers from all over the world looking for an inexpensive but clean and safe hotel. We stayed in recently refurbished floor of the hotel which was clean but fairly modest. Our booking included free breakfast which wasn't much to speak of and had to be eaten at a cafe across the road.  For travellers on a budget, this hotel is worth a try.
bubble_30	Our room was decently clean. The bed was comfortable but the pictures on the website are very misleading. The lobby is up to date, very classy. but the floor we stayed on (4th) was incredibly outdated. All in all it was a decent stay.
bubble_50	Very centrally located near time square,  Madison Square garden,  Penn station,  shopping,  restaurants, mid town. Renovated rooms are better, show less ware and have more amenities but any floor is fine. I can't say enough about the staff or the hotel.  They are there to make sure you get the most out of your stay. Discount tickets available for local shows and activities,  taxi or Lyft, uber right out front. Bag check and early check in available
bubble_40	For quite a few years I have enjoyed stays at the Hotel Pennsylvania. It is centrally located to rail transportation (across the street from the IRT, Penn Station, a block from the BMT, and about two blocks from the several lines that service Herald Square. The rooms are basic and clean. The clientele is delightfully international. On my most recent stay, on different days, friends called at the hotel to pick me up for outings, so it was conveniently located for them as well. And, of course, I am still pleased that the hotel retains its original 1919 telephone number: PEnnsylvania 6-5000!
bubble_20	this big Hotel is like a train station. long queus in fron of the reception making it difficult to talk to the staff or ask questions. the rooms are OK but the WIFI signal is weak and the Breakfast TERRIBLE
bubble_10	I booked this hotel through booking.com.  The description specifically said free cancellations.  After reading some horrible reviews I went ahead and cancelled the reservation; however the hotel had charged my credit card for the first nights stay. I tried contacting the hotel with no response.  Thankfully Booking.com handled the situation and they refunded me when the hotel would not.
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location and the upgraded rooms were nice. There are many elevators so there is no wait to get up and down, which is a problem at other hotels.  The staff was friendly and efficient. I would stay again.
bubble_10	Took over an hour for check in, since their kiosks weren't working. Tiny room had two twin beds, one mattress was like sleeping in a hammock, it was so old. Window with condensation inside of it, duct taped shut. Heating and cooling buttons missing, couldn't control temperature in room. Tiny bathroom with cracked tub and molding that looked like it had termites. Second day, got new bath towels but no hand towels, washcloths or bathmat. No clean cups either. Found ice bucket in closet, but didn't have a clean liner so we didn't want to use. Vending machines not working. Only good part, valets were excellent.
bubble_30	Rate was okay for NYC, just under $300. The hotel could use some care and attention, paint and updated lobby. Room was clean. Hallway was noisy, icluding 3 staff that had a loud, impromptu meeting right outside my door.
bubble_30	Location top, upgraded rooms ok, organisation of check-in/check-out a disaster, but we were lucky to have Maria B at the desk. She was great, took initiative when the line was  ridiculously long and said sorry for the wait. She is gold.
bubble_50	Maria B at the front desk was so nice!  She knows a lot about the history of the hotel and was happy to share it with us. She is certainly an asset to the hotel The service was great and Bobby the Bell Hop was funny and helpful.
bubble_40	the location is great, across from Penn station and close to times square and many other attractions, affordable and clean, nice size room and washroom...only the 'free breakfast' was quite limited...and bagel, a cup of fruit and a coffee/tea - done, but better than nothing at all - lol  would recommend it for the price we got in Oct 2019
bubble_10	Arrived at 11:30pm on a Wednesday night. About 20 people in line and it took 90 mins to check in. Then when I finally got to a person she told me the room was not ready and I would have to wait unless I wanted a room with 3 small beds. I took it because at this point its 1am and I have an 8am meeting. Got off the elevator and it looks nothing like all their lovely pics. Almost every door looked as if the room had been broken into. The room was also very dated and run down. Carpet was very old. Beds were very noisy. It did seem fairly clean tho. I would never stay here again and I would recommend that you choose a different place.
bubble_40	I stayed for 3 nights and found the location and area to be good for finding places to shop and eat within a short walk. Macys department store was fantastic for bargain hunting in the sales.  The checking in was a long arduous task & later we found we could have used a self check in kiosk - dont know why the staff werent suggesting it to the huge number of guests queuing for over 45 mins!! The staff were very friendly.   The room itself was a recently renovated part of the 100 yr old hotel. It was very large and had comfortable bedding. The view was great too.   The free breakfast wasnt good (long queues, terrible coffe and bland food with nowhere to sit and eat) but thankfully there was a good cafe within the hotel.
bubble_40	We were looking for a hotel near Times Square that was also affordable (by New York City's standards).  Hotel Pennsylvania was a good fit for us!  We were on the 5th floor and so our room had not been remodeled yet.  It was a simple room and very dated but it was clean and we had a great view so that was nice.  The only complaint I had was that the walls were paper thin so I woke up to our neighbor's music and sounds of him getting ready in the bathroom.  To me, it wasn't a big deal and part of the whole city experience but wasn't the most pleasant, either.  I'd definitely stay there again.
bubble_10	One of the worst hotel experiences Ive ever had. Starting by having to wait 70 minutes in line in the middle of the night to get the key. Condition of the room was terrible. Simply just dont go there.
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel I ever stayed at and I have done quite a bit of traveling.  The pictures on their website do not depict reality.  The only possible way this hotel manages to have any business is because foreign tourists book rooms online and when they arrive in Manhattan, there is no way to change hotels since it's impossible to find a last minute vacancy anywhere in the city.  The rooms, bathrooms, hallways, and staircases are filthy.  The lobby was nice.  This hotel is in one of the greatest places on earth but it ill represents its surroundings.
bubble_40	Spent a week here, in 2 separate rooms as I added to my stay. (1 king suite & standard double) Perfect location if you're travelling around, close to absolutley everything. Rooms were clean. King suite had a sitting room that we never even went into! The only thing I'd say is dont bother with breakfast as its a grab and go from a doorway in the lobby. Tea,coffee or juice & a muffin or pastry. Theres plenty cafes around near the hotel to get something. I'd seen so many negative reviews but I cant agree, not every hotel is up to today's modernisation, once its clean and fit for purpose it's good for me!
bubble_30	Great location. Sheets were clean. Very old hotel. Some mould in shower. Our window had a small gap in the frame; could see outside. If you arent picky and dont plan on staying in the room, its a good choice. Housekeeping was quick to respond when we needed the pull out made and extra blankets. Taxis were readily available. Elevators were very slow and over crowded. Breakfast is down the street and very crowded.
bubble_30	The location is perfect if you want to be in the middle of everything. Madison Square Garden is across the street and a 30-minute walk will get you to most places.  We stayed in a room that had not been updated so we do not know what to expect when it is complete - very bare bones - no frills room. Would look around for another hotel in the area that offers more amenities (refrigerator, coffee pot at least). Nice big walk-in closet but no hangers. Also, the rooms are adjoining and there is not a lot to buffer the sounds of your neighbors.  12 elevators but 15 minute wait in the morning. Not great when you are in a hurry. The stairwell took you on a strange route when they were open. Discounted parking was a welcomed amenity. Free continental breakfast at a local caf and
bubble_40	The room wasn't the pretty/ up to date, but it had what I needed! A comfy bed, clean bathroom, good water pressure in the shower, and a TV! I used the keiosk to check! it was fast and very easy to use. My room was the perfect size for just me! had room to get ready in the bathroom, they even had extra towels in the bathroom.
bubble_40	if you arrive at jfk airport, you can take the airtrain to jameica and then the metro to 33rd street and you are next to the hotel. no more taxi or walking neccesarry.it is just on the opposite side of madison square garden. it is really big and grouded and the negative thing is, that you wait very long fpr checkin and checkout.
bubble_30	I visited the amazing NYC back in February, God forbid I forgot the name of the place so only now writing this. I could not fault the hotel in where it is situated. Right bang in the middle of downtown Manhattan and a short walk from Times Square and a subway station opposite.  The downside was the hotel itself, I was on a college trip, I was not expecting anything 5 star luxury but a bit of cleanliness and standards wouldn't of gone a miss. We were placed in a room where it was dark 24/7. Our window backed onto another side of the hotel in which it was darkened and had no light. The heater did not work in which we had to wear jumpers and other clothing to bed just to ensure we did not freeze. We found something on our floor next to our bed in which looked like rat/mouse
bubble_10	I booked two rooms for our family of five for one night. Yes, this is a decently (for NYC) priced hotel in Midtown, very good location and less expensive than other options. Just one night, I figured it would be fine.   It wasnt. I wound up paying more in fees and other costs due to their inefficiencies, and also felt unsafe there. I would strongly encourage others to stay elsewhere.   We arrived after a long flight at 1am, there was a line to check-in, and we were told they had no rooms available that were the type we booked (one King, one with three Twins). There was another guest yelling at the front desk about the fact that there was no bottles of water in her room.   Upon taking the elevator up to the room, we found a drunk man sleeping on the sofa on the 12th floor. The
bubble_40	The hotel is perfectly situated - opposite the rail and subway connections.  Fifth and Seventh avenue are always humming and the hotel is in the hub!  The staff are very welcoming  and helpful despite an  incredible turnover of guests always demanding attention at the desks!  Our rooms were always well cleaned and comfortable.
bubble_50	We stayed here for 6 nights from Sept 24th and when you stay in New York it's all about the location of which the Hotel Pennsylvania has a fantastic one!!  Yes, it is a little tired looking but so what? It's absolutely huge so renovation is not gonna be a quick fix!   As long as our room was clean with a working bathroom and of course wifi (we bought 2 teenagers) we were satisfied and we were not disappointed.  All the negative feedback is quite annoying because reading all about the hotel before booking you pretty much know you won't be in a brand new 5-star hotel.  And for the price you pay (you know this hotel is not overpriced) you should just think how lucky you are to be within arm's length of the Empire State Building and Macys!!  The free breakfast was not all that but
bubble_10	The whole hotel is fake and a coverup. Outside the hotel seems very grand and beautiful, but your actual room is DISGUSTING.  My first room was dirty and grotesque. When I walked into the room, I sneezed and sneezed and sneezed. So, I changed rooms. My second room was still a disgrace. The telephone was broken, the shower was a absolute mess and the sink looked like someone puked in it. I asked for an extra blanket because the heater wasn't working, and after two days I still didn't get it. I recommend you don't book this hotel unless you want to get horrified and disgusted.
bubble_40	We liked our remodeled room. It was very big. We had a suite. Gave us lots of room for our kids. Service could have been better. Check in was slow. Room double locked and we had to get the manager and security to open it.   Room had breakfast included. Breakfast was at cafe R next door. Breakfast was a bagel or pastry, a fruit cup, and either water, juice or coffee. The second day they ran out of fruit and would not substitute anything. Other than that it was fine. Food was packaged to go.
bubble_30	The pluses: Really convenient location Very comfortable bed Quiet room (except when people had loud conversations in the hall in the middle of the night) Good tv and internet Decent included breakfast despite the inconvenience of having to go outside The negatives: Very long check in lines at almost all hours Basic condition of the room, including rusty heating units, peeling paint especially in bathroom, chipped and unsanitary bathtub, missing part of sink handles etc etc Granted this was not an updated room but really, would you rent an apartment if it looked like this!
bubble_30	Well situated in front Penn Station, 7th avenue, well-comunicated by Subway. Breakfast included, free WiFi.  The rooms are very old and they need a maintenance, we had to change because our main door it didn't open and the WC was broken.
bubble_40	if you're looking for a generic room with a microwave and coffee maker, you won't find it at the Pennsylvania Hotel.  It is undergoing a renovation, but you still know you're at the Pennsylvania (but be sure to get a renovated room)   Stay away from the outside breakfast place, it's not worth it even if the continental breakfast is free. And...being across the street from Penn Station and Madison Square, be sure to ask for a high floor away from Seventh Avenue. And finally, dial PEnnsylvania 6-5000 to make reservations.
bubble_30	Value for money but can add few basic things like fridge coffee maker microwave to the room especially the new ones we paid premium for ....would make the stay that much more easier for families like ours with young children
bubble_50	Wonderful stay.  We always stay at hotel Pennsylvania.  Wonderful location , reasonable prices , top notch staff.  The updated rooms are great. They keep some of the historic and blend it with the new. This is the only place we stay when we visit Manhattan
bubble_30	Dont get the breakfast place is not great!,  People with dogs barking on hallway close to our bedroom at Night, order than that pretty good location, close to some amenities and places to visit Access was ok
bubble_50	Our stay was absolutely awesome! We love staying at the Hotel Pennsylvania. Every time we stay there the experience exceeds our expectations. This is the only hotel we stay in when visiting New York. I cant wait until our next visit!!
bubble_50	The Hotel Pennsylvania was excellent and it has a great location close to everything in New York City. The managaer changed me to a new room and it was great and comfortable. I would return soon definitely when I visit New York. A great idea would be making a Rewards program or giving discounts or free nights to returning customers, that would be awesome!!!
bubble_10	Checked us into a dirty room.  The business center was out of order.  They tried to charge us an additional $40 each night after I paid in full for the room. Carpets were old and faded  bed sheets were yellow.
bubble_10	On entering the hotel at about 12 noon, we were greeted with a large foyer and one long queue of customers waiting to see one of the 3 receptionists. As we only wanted to drop off our baggage and check in after 3pm, we were able to obtain a luggage ticket and leave our luggage in storage for a cost of $5.  On returning to the hotel about 5pm, we joined a queue of 3 couples waiting to check in. After about 40 minutes we were finally seen by a receptionist who checked us in and gave us key cards to our room.  We then went to collect our luggage from the storage facility. We were greeted by a parcel delivery man with a cage full of parcels checking in parcels with the luggage storage worker, who acknowledged our presence but continued checking parcels and leaving us to wait for our
bubble_10	Two things you need to know about this place.  1.The photos in the description are probably a few rooms of the lot . They upsell the better rooms for $50 once you are at the counter. You are most likely to end up in an ancient room with non functioning bath and moldy ceiling.  2. The location is its USP and is probably the only reason it sells.  Do not expect any room service, nor expect a complimentary breakfast. Strictly a stay for desperate times when all good ones are unavailable.
bubble_20	So we pulled up and I thought it looked lovely. A huge old building with lots of character. Bell boys were helpful and dressed smartly. Location was amazing right opposite Maddison Square Gardens and the train station and subway.  Then we went inside.......... There was a queue for reception to check in. Only 2 members of staff were there even though there were multiple reception staff floating around.  It took over an hour to check in and there were inly around 10 people in front of us. The staff had no urgency, were miserable and did not give the customer service you expect from America.  The woman we had was sarcastic in a rude way not funny one. We were then charged an extra $160 for the stay which is apparently normal as its for tax and hotel facilities (Ha the facilities
bubble_50	We had an great trip. Your staff Greeted us with amazing smiles & excellent service!Great location,  we were able to navigate easy through the City. With all of the Historical sites all around us We will definatly come back again!These Texas girls love some New york!!! Jeanette Chrystal & Tiffany
bubble_10	The value of a published room is not very transparent, it is very uncomfortable attention is very bad. Very bad customer service, and avoid giving solutions to passengers. Therefore, they do not include in the reception, for example, any employee who speaks a language other than English. The breakfast and the place where they serve it is horrible.
bubble_30	Great location. Beds clean and maid service every day but rooms are in desperate need of a revamp. We had 3 rooms.  Reception was very helpful but very busy all the time as this is a massive hotel.  Sunday Morning they had the rudest, most unhelpful Bell captain I have ever experienced. Probably the rudest man I had ever met!
bubble_40	There was a long line at check in when we arrived but the gal made it pleasant, memorable and gave us a few extras because it was my daughter's 16th birthday!  We got right into a room with an amazing view of the Empire State Building!  Thank you for wonderful service!
bubble_20	Small rooms, no mini refrigerator, access to free breakfast was not convenient, and the view we had was a brick wall.  On the plus side they were clean and location to NYC major sites was good.  Hotel advertised newly renovated rooms but we beg to differ. The shower's water pressure felt like it would take paint off a car, if you turned the pressure down, the water became scalding hot.
bubble_10	I had booked a stay from October 3-7 in June. On September 30th at about 4 am, I received a text alert from my credit card company letting me know that the Hotel Pennsylvania had attempted to charge my card for the full amount, but the credit card company would deny the charge if I did not confirm it (understandably, as it was days before my booking, for a large amount, 1000 miles away from where I'm located, in the middle of the night). I did not receive the alert until 7 am, because, again, middle of the night, so the card was declined. In the morning, I called to ask about the charge and confirm my reservation, and was told my reservation was in place, and when I pressed about the charge, they didn't seem to know what I was talking about. Because the reservation was confirmed
bubble_50	I cannot say enough about how wonderful Maria B at the front desk is! She made the check-in process a breeze! When we had an issue with our reservation, she made it her mission to get the issue resolved. Her professionalism, amazing attitude and great smile made us feel at ease! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to all my family and friends for Maria alone! If more people in the hospitality and customer service industry were like Maria, the world be much much brighter place!
bubble_40	great location steps away from everything the only downside was check in it was atrocious.took 45 min at 1130 at night.the hotel is showing its age but the location cant be beat.also no extra blankets in the room and it was cold.i would reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants to be walking distance to everything and steps away from penn station which connects you to everything.all i would say is be prepared to wait at check in
bubble_20	We stayed here 3 nights. It's clear that this hotel does the minimum when it comes to maintenance, and people will still stay there because it is a relatively inexpensive option in a prime location. If you have mobility issues, I would advise NOT staying here--only a few of the 12 elevators were working, and we waited for 20 minutes for an elevator that wasn't packed full of people before deciding to take the stairs down from the 4th floor. This happened twice. Walls and ceilings need repairing/repainting and carpets need to be replaced--tons of stains, holes, etc. Rooms are clean enough and fine if you just need somewhere to crash, but not suitable for anyone who needs more comfort and accommodation. I definitely wouldn't come here with grandparents, kids, or people with
bubble_50	As far as NYC hotels go, Hotel Penn has everything you need. Renovated rooms, ideal location across from MSG, and extremely attentive service. From the bell man to the housekeeping staff, everyone is willing to do whatever they can to make your stay comfortable. Will definitely stay here again next time I'm in the city.
bubble_40	Excellent central location. Close to Amtrak trains and metros . Short walk to Times Square. Busy basic hotel, good rooms, coffee machine , all conveniences. Continental breakfast provided. Allow time for check in and check out as it is a large , busy hotel. There is a bar and restaurant, but with so many eateries in NY, we cannot comment.
bubble_30	The location couldn't be handier for arrivals from JFK as you cross the road from Penn Station. Handy too for underground and New Jersey train connections. The lobby gives a good impression- very grand- but the room we had on Floor 3 was dark and dingy. Windows were so filthy we hardly got any light, and one of the overhead lights wasn't working. Bathroom small with a small old low down shower over the bath. No bath plug.Two king sized beds, old mattresses and old fleece blankets with the sheets. However, the room was clean, bathroom clean, towels replaced every day, lots of hot water. The beds were comfortable enough despite being old and creaky.  It's disappointing as the website shows luxurious modern renovated rooms- maybe some are like that but not ours! The in house cafe
bubble_50	Had an excellent stay at this hotel! The location was perfect, close to everything and extremely convenient. I stayed in one of the new Penn Plaza Collection rooms and it was great - very comfortable, clean and spacious. Lobby looks beautiful and the staff was very friendly. Will always come back and stay here when i visit NYC!
bubble_30	The hotel is in a great location for Broadway and MSG, however the very nice lobby area gives a false impression of the  rest of the hotel.   The hotel is an old building and has tried to keep it's old style charm but falls short, it is dark and not at all welcoming, the room was  very small, the TV was almost as big as the bed and with all the taxes and fees it soon turned from a buget room into a mid range hotel room. I can only rate the hotel as average
bubble_20	The Location of the Hotel is great. Also our room was nice and big. They announced the room as renovated. But it was only slightly modernised. 2 New beds and nightstands. There was only one chair in the room, there would have eben Space for anotherone or Even for a Sofa. The bathroom was very old, with bad windows. Every Second day our key was no more working. After waiting behind the long Check in/out line, finale At the desk, the Computer break  down..... Staff from the securitydesk was very rude, they do Not know anything about kindness or guestrelation. Also Check out was very unfriendly. We wanted the Check to Split into two Parts. But everything was already charged on one card - and next guest awaited to be given short shrift. It is really a pitty that this old and
bubble_20	I loved the location of the property. It's right across the street from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden. That's the only good thing about the Hotel Pennsylvania. I would never stay here again. I rented 2 king rooms and treated my sister to her first New York City trip. The rooms were expensive since it is September. I understand that its a very old hotel with 1700 rooms but it is a poorly unkept dump!  The tub in her room would not drain so she was standing in water for 2 days. We reported it multiple times, it never got fixed. My tub stopper was filled and covered with black mold. We asked to change rooms. Her new room had mold on the bottom of the window curtains. The tub lining in my new room was peeling away in a huge section . All rooms had major chipped paint,
bubble_50	Myself and late partner stayed here in 2013 and could not fault it as the staff were so friendly and hepful. It is so central to everywhere it is great. I came back to new york in january 2018 but unfortunatly i coudn`t get the pennsylvania but I did revisit it and it is just the same staff very friendly.
bubble_10	We booked our room thru our travel agent 6 mths ago. When we arrived we were put in room 353..We were warned by our travel agent not to expect to much. We were blown away. The passage to the room was dingy and the carpet looked filhy. Our room door was the original and looked like it hadn't been touched since. Inside the double bed had a sprung mattress that sagged and squeaked, the carpet was filthy, the bathroom door wouldn't close, the mirror was stained and rust behind the door bathroom door.  We felt we had been down graded - our agent would not have put us into such a room. We could not possibly sleep in the room. We went to speak to the duty manager. There were two other parties waiting to complain about the same thing. When we told the manager of our disgust with the
bubble_30	Old, not too much clean (sometimes bad smell), dirty carpets, small bathroom, small towels, and it's possible you spend about one hour waiting in line at the front desk. But good location and a very helpful staff.
bubble_30	The location of this hotel in NY definately cannot be better. 300m from Empire State building, opposite Madison Square Garden and 500m from Times Square is really a heart of NY. But it is not a new hotel and several rooms urgently needs renovations. Our room was really outdated, but considering low (as for NY) price, we accepted it. We assume also that as compensation we were given daily free continental breakfast in nearby coffee shop.
bubble_50	Iv been coming to the Pennsylvania hotel for over 9 years, the location is excellent, the staff are friendly, especially Maria B she's amazing, helping, upgrades are so worth it the PPC floor level is so worth the small price for upgrade, thank you all for a great stay Mario noviello
bubble_40	We visited the hotel on our trip to comicon.  I needed a hotel that could accommodate 2 adults and 4 kids.  Reading the reviews I was hesitant but being a business owner myself decided to try it anyways    We reserved room 1670.  It was very nice.  One sitting area and two bedrooms.  Spacious Rooms were clean , checkin was easy and employees pleasant.  My only complaint was no coffee maker in the room and mini fridge.  The room wasnt very modern but it was renovated and clean.  Cleanliness is my main thing before being modern.  Location was great and when it says breakfast included its continental in a place outside the hotel.  I would reserve this room again.
bubble_40	Maid service varied day to day, some days better than others.  The shower drip could not be eliminated, and it would have been nice to have a chair in the room, but the bed was comfortable.  The room was small, but there was a large area by the elevators with a table and chairs where families gathered to share a meal.
bubble_50	What started off as a nightmare turned out to be an excellent experience thanks to the awesome customer service skills of Maria B.!! She comes highly recommended and deserves a promotion! The hotel is slowly but surely renovating all of their rooms to more than adequate condition.
bubble_30	I stayed here in September for two days. Check in was quick, I was able to change my room from two twins to one queen. The room was small, but most NYC rooms are small. My safe did not work and when I call the front desk, security   was up in 10 minutes to fix the safe.  The hotel can improve their rating by keep remodeling the rooms
bubble_50	Our stay at Hotel Pennsylvania was awesome. Staff was friendly, room was always kept, there is access to a state of the art gym and pool located next door and its location is perfect especially for getting around New York. Hotel Penn is a treasure.
bubble_30	The stay was good. Only two disappointments, one was we had a room with 4 people and they told us we could only have 2 breakfast vouchers, so instead of having complementary breakfast for 4 mornings we had to go out and spend money on breakfast. The second was the WIFI, its $20 a day for only 2 devices and and it took me over an hour to get on I had to call tech support.
bubble_10	I booked the newly Renovated penn room but clearly not newly renovated. The room didnt have heat and I froze every night. No fridge. Prime location but the pictures are so out of date the room looked nothing like the real thing. Also breakfast was included and that was a joke it was a voucher for a bagel at a store off location. I asked for heat and they said no. I couldnt even get an extra blanket or extra towel. I would not ever stay again. I was on the 16th floor no view and the elevator was crazy old and would just start shaking so hard. The security was a joke at elevators to go to rooms it states must have room key to get through but no one ever checked anything. The only thing good about this hotel is the store in lobby had a nice lady working it.
bubble_10	Stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania last week. Hotel room was terrible.  In need of substantial refurbishment. Could hear the people next door talking and even sneezing. Reception staff were unhelpful and indifferent. Very poor customer service. Wont be staying there again and definitely wont be recommending it.
bubble_40	I enjoyed my visit to New your and I thankful with hope Pennsylvania for your service.. I hope they can follow renewing for get better every day. Thanks excellent area and good service. I love New your I hope can go back soon.
bubble_40	I had a great stay! The room was well priced (compared to many others), and the location was perfect - so close to the subway and walking distance to a few iconic sights which made it very convenient!  The room was a good size, although the aircon didn't work.  I was pleasantly surprised, however, to see extra blankets had been delivered on the cooler nights, and this was done without me having to ask, so they must be aware of this.  The hotel has character & a rich history, which I really liked - it isn't the most comfortable or fancy hotel I'd say (it was reasonably priced though), but I enjoyed my time here and I would definitely stay here again!
bubble_10	I am at this hotel now. The room has a sheer curtain no blackout blind. I let them know last night and they didnt do anything This morning I asked to have a blind or a new room. They said stop back this afternoon.  This afternoon they said there is only a downgraded room and they dont have any blinds available. This is across from Madison Square Garden. It is bright and noisy. They are going to give us some sheets to hang over the window. I hate this place and their service
bubble_30	They had a good rate for NYC, right across the street from Madison Square Garden. But the place can use some touch-up maintenance. My room and bathroom definitely needed a paint job. And it was a bit surprising that they had cheap scratchy towels. Making those two improvements would vastly improve the experience and value.
bubble_20	Just spent 1 night at the hotel Pennsylvania in NYC. I usually try to start with the positives so here goes.. Plenty of hot water.. Now the negatives.. 40 minutes to Check in at 11-00pm after a full days travel, not a good start. The room was drab (but clean) and you have no facilities to make a hot drink. The hotel was built in 1919 and Im pretty sure that was the last time it was decorated and when the furniture was put in. The bathroom also needs upgrading, however the shining light was a plentiful supppky if hot water. Sorry guys but when paying 200 a night (Comicon and Rangers game on) its just not good enough... please try harder
bubble_30	Pictures online are obviously of the somewhat better roome. Room was small but that was no issue. We had plenty of space. Very simple and the age of the building shows. Clean though. Very friendly staff and absolutely ideal location to get around. Just across from Penn Station and Madison Square Garden and you practically bump into Empire State Building. Price is definitely mostely worth it because of the location. For the room itself a bit too much.
bubble_40	need more staff when check in, and toilet in main entrance, staff nice and willing to server, total midtown can walk everywhere, Fine service for tickets to theatre, lovely coffishop with good coffee and drinks
bubble_30	Hotel is located in front of Pennsylvania station and less than a mile from Times square and Empire State building.  Other points of interest,  Madison Square Garden,  Rockefeller Center and NBC Studios.   Hotel is 100 years old and smells a bit musty.  Rooms are small, no hotel room service but you can order from a restaurant.   Complimentary breakfast is served at cafe/restaurant across the street.  Swimming pool is located outside the hotel at New York sports center which has a swimming pool and large jacuzzi as well as weight room. Bring your own lock and hotel towel. Baggage room is also available,  $5.00 a bag.
bubble_50	We arrived before check in time, had no ready rooms, at the scheduled time We were attended to Maria B. who was cheerful 1,000 note explained everything and put us in refurbished rooms, hotel close to everything, tours, food, pharmacies Thank you Maria B you are 5 stars
bubble_30	I just came from a six night stay at the Penn where I have stayed many times before and was very pleased with my renovated room. Very fresh and nicely decorated, very comfortable bed and very quiet.The only problem is that the old furniture has been removed now there is only a desk and absolutely no place to put anything. Hint to hotel- my room, 1192,  was quite small, but there is room in the closet for some shelves. Having stayed recently at several other others in the area, I have found that  long check in lines seem to be a general problem, but even with the kiosks the lines at the Penn do seem to be endless. The breakfast at the restaurant across the road includes a good-sized fruit cup and a nice selection of breads, although you could only choose one item. Very few NYC
bubble_10	The worst place we have ever stayed at. We had room 1299 for 3 nights (250 Euros PER night!!!) and it was extremely worn, old, mildew in the bathroom, dirty, noisy, just awful. Staff at front desk was not friendly and almost rude. Speaking of unfriendly. Most.service personnel we came across in NY was not friendly. We will go to California again on our next trip where people are friendly, helpful and polite. Once we asked the bellman at the Pennsylvania Hotel for directions. He didn't get up from his chair, didn't look up from his cell and said ... sorry don't know. We asked one man at the front desk if we could have another room. He said he would check and let us know. We never got an answer. Streets around the hotel are dirty, garbage everywhere, it smells like urine, even
bubble_30	The location was perfect for Penn Station and the hotel looks very glossy from the outside. Staff were friendly and helpful and the lobby felt like a grand hotel entrance. The room however was a very basic budget hotel room with very little by way of extra comfort facilities. You pay for the location here, rather than an opulent residence to stay in.
bubble_10	I just checked in and its already been an ordeal. The mattress frame looks like is was found on the side of the road. Stains on the the box spring and chairs. Run get out while you can. And I could post more
bubble_10	I rated ONE STAR just because there is no ZERO STAR option!!!!  My family was in NY last week, our rooms were in 2nd and 4th floor, horrible-creepy rooms, old furniture, old, dirty, stained carpets... WE HAD TO GO ACROSS THE STREET FOR 1 BAGEL AND COFFEE (Hotel says this is breakfast!!!)  We felt awful...really desapointing...
bubble_10	The express check in was down, so had to wait in line for 45 minutes.  The lobby was modern and that's where it ends.  You step into the old elevators to take you to your floor and once it opens, you are taken to a very worn out, smelly floor.   Lighting was horrible, very dim lighting.  Almost downright creepy.  Air smelled stale  It's an old hotel that smelled moldy & nothing worked.  Mold on the air condition, lamp didn't work, very uncomfortable bed, sheets were worn out & looked dirty.  Carpet felt dirty,  Towels were worn too. Nothing modern in my room, how they manage to stay in business in perplexing.  People give it high marks for the location, which is why the ratings are high.  I should've read the reviews very carefully.  Very disappointed, will never, ever be back.
bubble_40	It's A great hotel for what it's worth, The Customer Service Is Also Wonderful , I Just Wish It was more things that they offer as much money as you pay for one night, I wish they had a microwave But guess WHATTTTT They Have [WIFII!] which is amazing and its clean
bubble_50	This my second stay in this hotel  i visted NY 2 years ago and i stayed also in Pennsylvania Hotel really Amazing hotel everything was great  friendly stuff and very helpful, everything near you Macys , Times Square, penn station , i will not change my hotel in NY ever THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA HOTEL YOUR ARE WONDERFUL
bubble_50	Gorgeous classic NY feel, kinda deco, and really authentic. Simple clean room, comfy bed, no brainer layout to the place. Lovely people, I must say it was exactly what I wanted for the price and recommend it to anyone who wants a simple perfectly located hotel in NYC. No fuss, but still nicely executed
bubble_40	We had a lovely experience at the Hotel.  Especially because of receptionist Maria B who took very good care of us, showed flexibility, understanding for our needs and found good solutions....  She made a difference
bubble_40	Okay....lets be honest....this is not a first class hotel...but, the location and price make it a great deal.  It is close to Penn Station, Madison Sq. Gardens, Times Square, and the Theater District.  We had a King bed in a very small room, but who spends time in their room when visiting NYC?!  Would recommend to anyone traveling to NYC on a budget.
bubble_40	For a six night stay in NYC to visit friends and participate in a variety of activities, staying at the Hotel Pennsylvania matched my budget and it turned out to be pretty decent. It's a huge hotel, a bit too big for my preference, but it was convenient and I had a nice room. However, due to the size of the renovated 'King', there was plenty of space available for a mini-fridge and a hot water kettle to make your own coffee and tea. I am so used to having a hot water kettle for my late night tea, that I went to Macy's down on 34th St to buy one. In all, it's a decent hotel that is great for budget travellers who want to be in the thick of things.
bubble_40	Ok,i must admit I was really afraid of what I was facing during our 5 night stay at pennyselvania.Do not listen to anyone,it's not a five star but we were very happy with the whole experience.. Go see for yourself. We got a refurbished room it was very nice and clean. The staff were very friendly and the hotel is so busy it reminded me of a small airport.. So if its so bad.... Why is it so busy? Location,value and very safe... We will definitely be staying here again.
bubble_10	Terrible room the size of a shoebox. Bed moved when you sat on it. Toilet had peice missing from inside the bowl. Charged $35us extra a night for facilities including internet which I had included in the price I paid. Booking in waited in line for 45 minutes. When I complained to the manager with several others I was told I could leave the hotel. Read other peoples reviews and blame yourself if you drcide to book......
bubble_30	I had an idea of what to expect so there were no surprises. The first room I was given had no window coverings so I changed rooms. Staff was nice and professional. The resort fee was disappointing considering there are no amenities and the cost doubles from the quoted price . I had an early flight out of Newark and the convenience of Penn Station is the real value.
bubble_50	I loved it My family and I had a wonderful time. Customer service could be much better but the hotel itself was clean and in the heart of Manhattan really great location free breakfast, great location to eat, movies and shopping!!
bubble_30	The hotel is ok, but quite basic. They dont give more than clean towels/sheets and soap. Room service is problematic sometimes: come too late, rude personnel, etc. The renovated rooms are new for the age of the hotel, they are not brand new. Location is great though.
bubble_40	Convenient location, easy to walk around. Staff are very helpful. Hotel is filled with old-fashion atmosphere. But I think interior furnishings need to be updated. For example, can start with carpeting.
bubble_40	had booked this well in advance and got a good price... comparable to other hotels in the area.  Did get an early check-in against the standard 3.00 p.m. at no extra cost.  The queue at the reception is time consuming at anytime during the day.   Rooms are small but cannot expect anything more in mid town.  I tried to check-in using kiosk twice, but it did not work.
bubble_40	Our stay at the Hotel Pennsylvania was exactly what we required. The location was ideal and the staff were friendly and helpful. We thought the price was value for money and everything you require is in close proximity to the hotel. The only downside is that the rooms need a serious upgrade as they are starting to become old and dated.
bubble_30	No free wifi, easy check in and check out, in ther heart of downtown, across the penn station, easy to get to EWR airport, if you plan to stay at the Hotel Pennsylvania, try to travel via Newark airpot.
bubble_40	The staff was pleasant and the room suitable for our purposes.  I would recommend certainly to business travellers and others.  Affordable and adequate.  Only complaint is a persistently noisy toilet, which seems due to some plumbing issue.  Other than that, quite satisfied.  Certainly no worse than other far more expensive properties in the Manhattan area.
bubble_30	I think that the hotel has an amazing location in a great city but the actual hotel has fallen into disrepair, the bathroom is 40 years old, the a.c. system is old, the carpets are so dated and the rooms are in desperate need of modernization. I wish that the hotel rooms looked like the pictures on the website but unfortunately the actual room was completely different.
bubble_30	Hotel was in a great location for Time square, opposite Madison square gardens and Penn station. Customer service wasnt great and had to pay to store bags. Breakfast was useless, down the road from the hotel and if you want tea dont forget to pick up your tea bag which they dont tell you. Fruit and a pastry, that you line up for, a bit strange really. In a refurbed room (90s style)so wouldnt like to think what the other rooms where like!  Not great value for money but I guess youre paying for location. (And exchange rate was bad, so not their fault!)
bubble_30	This is a great option for location and price, hence why we keep coming back. Our check-in agent Maria-B was awesome! Of the thousands of people she interacts with, she remembered us instanty! Felt special.
bubble_40	For NY the room was a very generous size.  Unfortunately there was no dresser - just a desk.  Since I was just there for 2 nights clothes were fine staying in the suitcase.  Room was clean, bed was comfortable.  Lot of noise from the streets - but, hey, it's NYC.  Excellent location.  Staff was very nice.
bubble_30	Hotel was conveniently located.  Staff very friendly.  Room very small.  Had to request wash cloths each day.  Water went hot cold hot cold during shower.  First night peaceful, second night very loud fighting neighbor.  Third night was ok.  Loud group in hall about 3am.  Was irritated they advertised a pool but once there informed it was offsite at a health club.  Overall not too bad.  Not sure if Id stay there again.
bubble_10	I stayed here the past weekend and this hotel resembles the bowels of hell. Not only did I not sleep because I was to afraid of the aura of the hotel-being that of an insane asylum- but everything was rusted over and door cracked and squealed as I shut it, there were holes in the wall unpatched, chipped off tiles in the tub, and much more. Everything that was in my room in this hotel was retched and I felt as though It was theme night: throwback to the Great Depression!
bubble_10	As many reviews suggest - this place does not even deserve a 1 star review.  It is absolutely dreadful and I dont think I will be able to fall asleep here tonight. DO NOT BRING YOUR CHILDREN. The halls, and the rooms, feel haunted and I would bet a lot of money this place would NOT PASS A HEALTH INSPECTION.    Honestly, this is the worst hotel I think I have ever stayed in - by FAR worse than your below average motel (and its 3x the cost! How great!).   This hotel needs to go out of business or torn down ASAP. Its a complete waste of space.  Please do yourself a favor and AVOID this hotel.
bubble_50	I must admit after reading the reviews I was nervous about arriving at Hotel Pennsylvania. I will say I was totally satisfied with the Newly renovated rooms! Didnt cost much to upgrade and we were close to everything! Madison square garden was directly across the street! Me and my 11year old daughter traveled alone and I never once felt unsafe in the hotel or around it! Dont believe the reviews people see it for yourself in the Penn Collection  rooms!
bubble_10	Room was not satisfactory as to the view, saw nothing but roof tops. The deal clerk was very rude to me personally and the carpet in front of our door was messed up. the housekeeping staff did not put enough wash cloths for 3 people 1 was not enough. There should have  been a shower curtain for the shower. while was showering another could use the bathroom. The toilet paper holder fell off and noone even tried to replace, the maids just ignored it. Also you should be able to have a coffee maker in as as a microwave. We came to see New York and have a good time and see different sites, but we had to spend most food and that throws the budget off. I worked for the HILTON HOTELS for 14 and yrs and this would not be kosher. Your brand couldn't  even begin to compare to there
bubble_20	Long check in and check out lines. Large room so that was a plus but it was noisy even though on 17th floor. Renovations are cheap, towels are cheap and old as are bed linens. Should have left servidors original color. The paint job is awful and cheapens the historical value. A beautiful printed wall paper would look better than white walls in hallways and then you could leave the servidor its original color. Bathrooms are not historical, they are just ugly. Rugs were badly put in. Lobby is sad- old pictures show it was beautiful at one point. Too expensive for what it offered. Not memorable .  Food provided from restaurant down the street. Felt like we were taking handout at a shelter. One fruit cup, one pastry and one drink ( coffee or fruit juice pack).
bubble_30	This is a big, busy hotel in the heart of mid Manhattan.  Its across the street from Madison Square Garden.  My room was not as small as I expected.  The bathrooms are old and the carpets worn, but clean.  It was very quiet which was surprising.  All in all good value for money.
bubble_10	Wow this place is disgusting !!!! Key points  1/ my wife ask to use the toilets in the lobby whist we waited 1 hr to check ( the man a the desk said you need your room key SHE Said we are waiting to check in HE SAID WELL YOU WONT BE USING THE TOILET THAN. WTF.  2/ Rooms on booking com look new and clean.  WOW dont be fooled but using totally different photo to what room actually is.   3/ ROOMS ARE TOTALLY FILTHY !!  STAINS ALL OVER THE FILTHY CARPETS.  Dated.  Smelly.  And without a doubt the worst ever seen.  DONT BE FOOLED !!!  4/ LEAVE YOUR BAGS WHIST YOUR ROOM GETS READY AND BE CHARGE $10 wow where is costumer service.   5/ RATS RATS RATS everywhere on the lower level.  SEEN THEM RUNNING AROUND.   6/ AFTER GOING UP TO MY ROOM BEING THERE FOR 15 min I came back down to the
bubble_40	The staff was helpful and overall very friendly. The location was great and accessible to anywhere. Enjoyed it immensely. Minor repairs needed to shower bathtub. However they were clean. Would stay here again!
bubble_50	Great staff, we love Bobby at the door!! So friendly and helpful;) Room was very nice and newly remodeled, cleaning staff did a great job and very friendly.  Check in and out was efficient. Location, location, could ask to be more in the middle of everything. Thank you
bubble_40	Stayed in renovated higher up floor and very satisfied with the accommodations.  Very clean and comfortable and quiet corner room.     The only draw back was extremely long waiting line to check in.   Recommend understanding how to use expedited check in if possible since no one seemed to be using those kiosks.  Apparently something preventing people from using them.  I would absolutely choose this hotel again to stay.
bubble_30	Hotel has great location just across Madison Square Garden. Rooms are quite large as for Manhattan but only renovated are acceptable. Extra charge for language storage and long queue to front desk for checking in.
bubble_20	Rooms are not as advertised on their website.  Ancient, dirty, carpet...paint pealing on walls and ceiling...old, dingy curtains...and dim lighting greet you when you open your door.  Neither of the 2 restaurants were open for business.  No room service.   Great location.  Beautiful lobby. Price very good when booked months in advance. It could be that if you want a room as advertised, you need to request Penn Plaza room.
bubble_50	We loved our stay, the hotel was central to everything we wanted to do and walking everywhere. The staff where wonderful and very helpful especialy Maria B she helped us from the minute we walked in to the time we needed to leave. Would come here again. Rooms were clean and comfy.
bubble_50	Stayed at this hotel in the past, the location and price can't be beat, very affordable and great midtown location. On my most recent trip to the city I was pleasantly surprised by the new renovated rooms. Clean, updated and trending. staff always pleasant and helpful. Count me a regular. price, location and now comfort can't be beat for a midtown location.
bubble_50	I had an issue with my booking because I booked through a third party and needed to change dates. She was so accommodating and went above and beyond for me. Not only did I get the reservation changed with a full refund, I wasnt charged any additional change fees. I could not have done it without Maria B and I owe her a huge thank you! Great employee!!
bubble_40	Excellent location.  I stayed in an updated room which was spacious and comfortable. Bathroom was ok - basin was new with mixer tap; shower worked quite well but taps & bath are still old. Breakfast was ok but would be annoying to have to walk up the street to the cafe if it were raining or snowing!
bubble_20	Great location. Very dated room on 2nd floor. Extra charges upon arrival (for amenities which is not mentioned at the time of booking). Very busy at the reception, queues all the time. 2 vouchers per room per day for small breakfast in a caf nearby.
bubble_40	The hotel is very centrally located. Walking distance to a lot of amazing things. Penn station is across the street. Not far from Madison Square Gardens, time square.   Hotel is nice. Maria is the best and good great care of us when we got to the hotel. I would definitely stay here again
bubble_20	The hotel was the regular stay of the 1930's band of Glen Miller, he even wrote a number "Pennsylvania 6-5000" the hotels telephone number today and that's where the magic ends!! We stayed for three nights on the 5th September 2019, firstly in room 729 for 6 hours! The room was very small with one queen bed and desk! with a glass top, chipped on every corner, very dangerous!! Wires were coming out of the wall, no plug visible for the TV, I think! The bathroom was circa 1920 with the original bath with a hole in the side of it! The shower head was supported by a plastic drinking cup, presumably to aim the water at you, we didn't try it! There was a hole in the wooden window frame, the door had so much paint on it it did not close! the same went for the cupboard in the room.
bubble_30	Location and room service are good. The breakfast was not what we expected, but based on pretty much no other NYC hotel offer breakfast its very good. Room size is smaller of what you see on the photos. I strongly recommend to pay for Penn 5000 or higher, not the basic. Its a huge hotel, so its always crowdy but has 12 elevators and lot of staff that is always ready to help. I recommend this hotel for first timers in NYC as its close to transport options such as Metro and MTA bus services.
bubble_30	not all rooms are of the same quality. choose wisely. staff is nice. central location. It can get noisy but not so much the higher floors.  it is fine for a few days. ask for renovated rooms. breakfast at cafe R is okay but not anything special.
bubble_30	Wonderful location but terrible situation for breakfast. You have to cross the street and into what I would describe as a zoo . So degrading. Hundreds of people line up for a less than a cafeteria style arrangement and I would not buy the upgrade breakfast it was pathetic. Rooms Are old but clean
bubble_10	We stayed three nights in this old, not to clean hotel. The breakfast was 1 cup of coffee or juice and a pastry or bagel. If you wanted more, you paid extra. Plus the restaurant was not on premises.  Upon checkout, we were surprised with a $35.00 daily Resort Fee, which did not show on our reservation confirmation. I called, emailed and no response from anyone.
bubble_10	I never right reviews because always felt that when you travel often, you are bound to have some bumps in the road. You should never let the bumps in the road stop you from getting the most out of your journey.   With that said, i got excited when i saw the lobby at Hotel Pennsylvania Time square because it was pretty cool. At that point i felt like it was worth $320/night because the rooms in Manhattan are typically pretty small for 2 people . But when i got to my room, Wow!! i have never stayed at in a hotel room that deplorable. The television did not work, the carpet inside and in the hallway was atrocious. There wire tiles falling  off the walls. There were large cracks (12inches or more) on most of the walls. The bathroom, oh my. It was bad. The toilet leaked, the sink
bubble_30	Location and service were good! Breakfast is not what we expected. In the caf R around the corner, the guests from Htl Pennsylvania must lining up for 1 fruit, 1 croissant and 1 coffee, and no space for eating it.
bubble_50	The room was upgraded for free from mangement .The room was really clean  and had lots of space for my large family .We had a very nice time in NYC. Our floor was on the 16th floor ,the  lounge and rooms on this level were great .
bubble_10	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  With fees paid $235 / night to stay in a dimly lit hallway room.  The room had worn out carpet, window view of bricks, lot of noise coming into the room, peeling paint on wall and bathtub and bathroom and door to the room.  Locks on the door made it feel as if I was in a slum.  Bedding was worn out several years past and the TV was old with an antenna that might get 4 channels on a good day.  The room was dimly lit as well.  To bring this to the front desk's attention the solution was to spend about $100 more / night to "upgrade".  This room had internet - the other did not - and was a very basic standard room at any other hotel chain in the USA or abroad. The "complimentary"  breakfast is paid for by your room fees and is nothing more than a
bubble_20	Hotel has a great location at Pennsylvania station near by Times square and Central park. On the other hand we had old room, with old furniture. The room was clean, cleaning lady was coming every day to clean up and change towels. But we were little bit suprised because these rooms we didn't see at any picture on internet.
bubble_40	Nice central location... and rather noisy. We were on the 9th floor. Room was very spacious and clean. V Huge TV in the room. Excellent free WiFi.  Can not rate the food since we had all meals off site.
bubble_10	The ad is quite deceiving.  The lobby is very nice.  Once you reach your room that's a different story.  The carpet looks like it hadn't been cleaned or changed in 50 years, no pictures on the walls, the bathroom was despicable.  The sink did not drain because of the plug not going up, the bathtub looked like it was always being painted and recaulked but never painted.
bubble_40	i felt this was a great place to stay, right opposite the main train station which can take you anywhere in the new york and further. I personally feel this isn't a place to chill and stay in your room, its all about getting out.  the beds are changed every single day and provides shampoo , conditioner and soap
bubble_20	The hotel is very deceiving. The lobby is beautiful but the second you head up the hallways are dark and have questionable stains all over the walls and carpet. Inside the room you can tell they kind of tried but the random extension cord coming from a hole in the wall, the heavily stained box springs and mattresses the very poor quality blankets, and the bathroom oh the bathroom. The tub looked like something was ready to crawl out and grab me, the sink had legit holes in it, and the shower curtain was stained and dirty. They had updated headboards and newish looking bed covers but other then that it was all very questionable. The closet was massive and the room itself had the most room Ive ever seen in a hotel room, which was nice. If youre just loooking for a drunk weekend
bubble_10	I had to book a hotel for work by our office in New York. I booked this because this was within our budget for hotels in NYC. I paid a bit over $300.00/night The location was close to the office. Well, that's all that I can say that's good about the hotel.  -The check in line was long. Like took close to 45 minutes to check in. When I mentioned this to the girl standing behind the desk I got attitude. A LOT of attitude.   -When I got to my room I was appalled. I could not believe that a hotel can be in this sort of shape. Everything was dirty and gross. The room was small. There was no closet to hang my clothes.   I can go on and on about this place please see the pictures attached to get an idea of the condition of this hotel.   I dont know how anyone would allow their hotel to
bubble_10	I wanted to change a hotel reservation due to illness for 20 September to 15 October. The hotel agreed/ After some 20 telephone calls, several emails over 6 days, even though both Ca representatives, and hotel representatives had said yes, I was written to and told it was a no  I feel v frustrated a annoyed and ripped off by my Cancewlon experience, and would like you to reverse your decision  and refund my money
bubble_10	My wife and stayed at the hotel for three nights . Check in went to our room smelled of smoke in a none smoking hotel. Keys didnt work twice. We had our room change the room was dark bathroom was very small , the drains in the shower did not drain , sink took a long time to drain. The hotel is very old needs to be rebuild . When we check out they charged us $35.00 a day for a resort charge never told us about it until we check out. The only thing good about this  Hotel is the location 1 Star at its best. Al
bubble_20	Liked the location, it is the best and well connected as we have station opposite to the hotel. * Rooms promised were the latest refurbished ones and I was charged for the same but they provided pretty old rooms. Not sure if they have any refurbished ones. * Reception - it is chaotic, they gave keys for the rooms which were occupied almost "thrice" had to wait in long que again to request for reissue of room. I had to apologize with the room occupants, good that I knocked prior to using the keys. This never happened to me earlier anytime. * Breakfast - there is no in-house restaurant.
bubble_50	Had the pleasure of staying at Hotel Pennsylvania for the weekend. The staff was very friendly and courteous from start to finish. My husband and I stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms and it was amazing. Love the upgrades that were done and will definitely go back again. Will definitely refer friends and family to chose this hotel.
bubble_10	Booked this hotel based on the location and pictures on the website. While the location was great, the pictures don't look anything like the actual rooms! The room we were given didn't look to have been updated for the last century! I'm not sure where the rooms were that were on the website but our room was awful! Please do NOT book this hotel based on pics.
bubble_30	When I first checked in, one of the concierge ladies told me that I was going to have a refurbished king room with a view of the Empire State Building. That was not the case when I got to the room. The view was the wall and the room was falling apart. There was also hair in the shower drain and the door to the bathroom was nearly broken. I was surprised that the woman had told me that it was a refurbished room. I went down to see if maybe they had made a mistake and I was given a different room. This was definitely the room that I had been promised from before. However, the knob to the air conditioning was broken and there was no way to fix it. The front desk is constantly busy and I was not able to get anyway to come fix it. There was also no water in the room, like there was
bubble_30	The hotel may not be as fancy as other New York hotels but for a great location and quick stay if worked nicely. People make the experience and Maria B at the front desk set the tone for an enjoyable stay. She was enthusiastic, cheerful, and made a real effort to be both informative and helpful. What a wonderful impression:)
bubble_30	Our room was poor, however as we did not spend much in it, My wife was offered an updated room
bubble_50	It was a last minute split decision to stay at the hotel Pennsylvania. But when we got off the train and realized it was right there we thought it might save us time and be more convenient in terms of getting around and also going back home. However, upon walking into the hotel the convenience seemed to no longer be worth it with a line that wrapped around several times and went into the back foyer. I am a retired vet and also currently with injury so standing there for that long was very exhausting but because we had already committed so much time to doing it, we felt like there was no other choice but to make it to the front desk. It seems as though the hotel wasnt utilizing staff efficiently either as at first they were only two members dealing with the influx of guests. By
bubble_10	The only reason this hotel hasn't been sued for false advertising is because it's in the USA where corruption and the you're-the-small-guy-so-suck it law system prevents you from doing anything. If it was in any other country they would bull-doze it and put the management in prison.Rude Italian-American reception lady bullies people. Literally threatens to send you to the back of the 2 hour long queue if you show any sign of dissatisfaction. Rooms are beyond disgusting. Stale and broken. Only the desperate or down-right dirty would call this hotel "OK".
bubble_40	The location is wonderful but too many queues in the reception for check in and check out. The breakfast in R Caf is not enough because they let you choose between small sandwich, cup cake or croissant.  The most precious thing in Pennsylvania is Mr.Steven Fennell the director of front office, he is reliable, so helpful and really solved all the problems I faced, he is the right person in the right place  One more thing that the security man who is huge and bald is so so aggressive and rude, I tried to ask him a question but he replied without hearing it ( I am only a security here) and when I was in the business center to print something, a kind old women tried to help me as I didnt know how to use the machine first before printing, he called her and told her in front of me
bubble_20	We stay there because of the location. Lines are very long & slow to check in. Only 3 or so people waiting on customers.  Our room was old & in great need of of a makeover. Ask 3 different times for washcloths. Finally got on 2nd day. The lamp cord wouldnt reach the electrical socket so couldnt use.  The room was dirty when we got there with a plastic fork & top in the floor. The sheet wasnt long enough for the HARD board like mattress & saw a brown place on the side of it. I wanted a higher floor in hopes of it being quieter. I believe the lower floors may have had some renovations.  They could really help the customers with more staff at the front desk. I was given 2 comp tickets to hold our bags due to issues.  For what we got it was overpriced. There was also a chicken
bubble_10	Just returned from a 7 night stay here. Definately will not return. My mum booked with 3rd party & all taxes fees were included however we were charged again for facility fees which we are disputing. Check in ques were huge & anytime we went near reception this was the case. Stayed in 416A.....on leaving the lift I was shocked by the state of the carpets, on entering our huge room the carpets again were very poor. The bathroom was really tired looking & the bath enamel was chipped all over. Shower curtain mouldy..... room very noisy despite sleeping with ear plugs. We were also shocked by a surprise visitor during the night.....not sure how his key could access our room. New key cards sorted at reception next day but still felt un-easy. If I had paid for this room I would have
bubble_50	We enjoyed a renovated King room. It was spacious for New York and clean, and the bed was comfortable. We took advantage of the New York Sports Club (included with the room) to work out, and the breakfast buffet that was $10, rather than the continental breakfast that was free. But it was awesome!  And it's still cheaper than going to a restaurant for breakfast in Manhattan.  Hotel Pennsylvania continues to remodel and I say, you go girl! It appears that somebody cares about this place and it is showing.
bubble_20	Hotel was very good for getting to and from Penn Station, but other than that, not worth the money. Arrived by Amtrac and there were at least 50 people waiting in line to check in. I had to pee but guess what, you can't get into rest room down stairs of lobby without your room key. Guess it's understandable or the bums outside, sleeping on the side walk, would be setting up home in there. So I go back upstairs to bell captain for a key. It doesn't work of course and there is another dude there with same situation and I'm wondering, is he there to mug me? Back up the stairs to get bell captain. He comes down to let me in and he was a nice guy. 30 minutes later, I'm in the room and it smells like a smoking room. I deal with it because we are only sleeping there for 2 nights and we
bubble_40	My wife and I visited this hotel for a two-night stay on September 17 and 18, 2019. We were in a long check-in line and staff were limited, so we had to wait a while before our turn came up. We were served by Ms Maria B  and were EXTREMELY impressed by her professionalism and courtesy. She offered excellent advice about our room, followed up on our opinion of it once were had seen the room, reserved a better room for us, made the necessary calls and arrangements to exchange the room we had been assigned with the better one, all without missing a beat while she was taking care of other visitors. A consumate professional who exemplifies quality costumer service, we would not have stayed at the hotel had it not been for her outstanding treatment. A real asset to the hotel, we
bubble_20	I booked this hotel based on the picture I saw here. I paid a total of $283 for THAT room. The room I got was so old and worn out. Old furniture. Decades old carpet. Bathroom was tiny and old. The bed was clean. Moderately comfortable. Breakfast was a joke. You walk half a block, criss the street and get funneled into a line for hotel guests only to ensure you ONLY get a bagel/muffin/danish and fruit and 1 drink coffee or juice. There is absolutely no where to sit. We ended up going to another restaurant.
bubble_10	This is a very old hotel, perhaps undergoing refurbishing but the floor on which I stayed was still old style. Worn out carpeting, poor lighting in the room, no tea kettle in room and no modern amenities. There is no pool or health club in the hotel. Instead you are asked to visit a New York sports club and use the facilities there. Similarly for breakfast they have a tie up with another restaurant and you need to visit that place for breakfast. Most shocking was a fee to keep your bags with the concierge. Seeing this for the first time. Location is very good but amenities are very poor..like this AC here that must be at least 40 years old !!
bubble_20	We booked 5 rooms 3 months in advance, did not get a confirmation email for all the rooms, they never explained the charges, promised breakfast coupons, which is a filthy place to get breakfast with vouchers, once we checked in after 40 minutes waiting in line, they gave one of the rooms on 7th floor which is a hazardous room even to enter without getting hurt forget trying to get the luggage in.  The carpet was wet, and their is no dryer, no coffee machine, no storage space in room which is supposed to accommodate 4 people. They charge $5 per piece of Luggage to store , they never told us about that. If they receive a package they charge you for that also,  Wifi is overloaded and keeps dropping,  Except the prime location their is nothing good about this place, so if you can
bubble_10	Its the worst experience I have had in my life ever. I cant believe that I am in a hotel in New York . Minimum requirements arent there. My husband and I found it too difficult to touch the bed to sleep although we were very tired. The only thing that I can say that it should be out of business till its renovated and tidied up.
bubble_30	For over $200 a night, I expect a mini bar or at least a coffee machine. But instead they give you vouchers for a cafe across the road, to get a drink and a bagel, but this means getting dressed, leaving your room and the facilities and join long queues at the cafe to get your drink. Not very convenient.  Also, if you dont want the cleaners walking on you while youre on the sh!tter then bring your own DO NOT DISTURB sign, as they dont have one.   My room was one of the newly refurbished rooms, so was clean and tidy. Although it was quite noisy despite being on the 16th floor. You can constantly hear the crazy New York drivers beeping their horns all the time.   The curtains are also not black out curtains.   Having said this, the location of the hotel is unbeatable. Right in
bubble_10	I had stayed at this hotel over a year ago and it was pretty seedy. I received a message that my review was taken down as the hotel had been renovated at it was no longer relevant. I decided to give the hotel another shot last night. IT DOES NOT LOOK LIKE THIS - MY ROOM WAS ABSOLUTELY NOT RENOVATED/ Please be very careful. This is not fair at all. I will post my recient photos from LAST NIGHT. It was deplorable
bubble_10	The location is great, but this hotel lives up to its awful reputation.  I inadvertently made two reservations, so I tried to cancel one online. The hotel's site didn't work. So I called. And called. And called. Seven times (and I was remarkably patient on hold) before I finally reached a human. Then she, the hotel telephone operator, couldn't connect me to anyone who could cancel my reservation. EGAD!  I had to call yet again, one more time, before I finally reached someone who would cancel the reservation. (Eight times total, more than an hour spent.) Atrocious!  I went ahead and canceled my second reservation (from a third-party site). The hotel generally rates "awful" on TripAdvisor. I didn't even stay there, and I can see why.
bubble_30	We have stayed here before , 2 years ago and was not very impress. The room was big but very old,  also didn't have any updates. This time we reserved the newly redone rooms more money  better bed .The door didn't double lock my husband had to try the door handle so no one would enter . Best location to Penn Station .Still needs lots of improving but would stay again for the location.
bubble_30	Nice manager, Michael upgraded us to the new rooms as we thought this was what we booked - these are ok older rooms were pretty bad - thank you Michael. For the price ok but doubtful we would go back again.
bubble_40	Well located. The room is nice, good space and it is comfortable. The bathroom is good too. All clean and cleaned everyday. The only two things I'd say is that they charged me the whole bill before I checked in, when I specific asked to split, on the check out, between me and my friends. But as soon as I pointed that to the manager, they refunded. The other issue that gave me a hard time was the guy on luggage and packages storage, since he was not willing to help, kept lying to me about my package. But as soon as I called the manager, he solve it, gave me my package and didn't even charge me for the $5 fee. I have to say it was a positive experience in general. Would go back
bubble_50	Older hotel on the best location NYC has to offer. Excellent location for visiting Madison Square Garden. Next to Penn Station for transfer to Newark. Our room was clean enough for the decent price we payed and the bathroom had hot running water. Staff was friendly and helpfull. Great value for money.
bubble_30	First room was disgusting but upon speaking to the night manager we were upgraded to a recently renovated room which was very nice. It's too bad we were given the original torn up carpet moldy bathroom no control of hvac system room in the first place.
bubble_20	We emailed in advance to let the hotel we were there for a 10 year wedding anniversary. The room we were allocated on the 8th floor made our hearts sink. It smelt of old cigars, rust stains in bathroom, cracked flakey ceilings. On a good note the location is right next to Macys and real handy, a brand new tv in the room and the shower was really powerful. We made a personal policy to spend as little time in the hotel as possible.  Please dont reply and say if you had raised it with reception etc... 1/ i shouldn't have to complain to have simple clean basics, 2/ when there was zero queue at reception i stood for 40 mins without been seen. They were so slow i walked away.  The onsite shop is great, the lady in there was lovely.  We had noisy chatty neighbours and outside the
bubble_40	Service at front desk was worse, person was dealing does not know how to handle customers, he biased and very rude, he refused my booking without looking in computer after long arguments he accepted our booking, we spend quite a bit time with him to conveyance to check in computer. Room was very dirty and full of bacteria, we request for change of room cannot get on first night second day they provided us room with extra cost.
bubble_20	Visting NY for the third time. The second time at hotel Pennsylvania. This time our room was a total flop. Broken shower, dirty towels - just to mention a few. This hotel needs to get renovated. You just pay for the place of location. The positive thing about our stay: the staff! Big thank you to Shelia. After complaining, she organized a way better room for us to enjoy the rest of our stay.  Keep it up, Shelia!
bubble_30	If you're looking for easy access into the manhattan/time square area this hotel is perfect. It is right opposite Madison Square garden and close to the Empire State Building. Check in was fairly easy for us, as I saw some reviews about the long lines for check in. The lobby is big and beautiful. Elevators are dated and carpets on the way to the rooms are very old and smell moldy. We stayed in a newly renovated room on the 14th floor which was fairly clean with a working desk and chair. Bathroom was ok, but shower curtain had mildew stains at the bottom and needed to be changed.   I had packages shipped to the hotel prior to my arrival  and had to pay a $5 fee for each package, which I never had to do before at other hotels but I guess its just their policy. They also have a 24
bubble_50	Me and my girlfriend stayed once again in Hotel Pennsylvania. This time we've met Maria B. at the check-in counter. She was so friendly and helpful to us, that gave us that extra special feeling !  The room was awesome, it was the newly renovated penn plaza suite with view on the Empire state building.
bubble_40	We were traveling by train and needed to stay over night in New York.  We needed to have a hotel near Penn Station and this one was perfect. The hotel is over 100 years old but has been updated nicely.  We stayed in a recently updated room on  the 14th floor on the Empire State building side. The rooms are not large but adequate and comfortable.  There is no refrigerator in the room.  The biggest complaint that I had was the long check in line.  The wait for check in was almost an hour at noon.  The hotel is close to the Empire State building and Times Square. If you walk a little further you will be at Central Park.  If we return to New York we will stay at this hotel.
bubble_50	Very nice hotel  Check in a little long. You can store luggage before checkin for $5 a bag very convenient. Nice rooms great location to subway, restaurants and sightseeing. Rooms are clean and quiet. Will definitely return
bubble_20	My first experience of Hotel Penn was trying to check in at 2am (flight delayed into NYC) and being greeted with a very long & slow queue. There were only 2 receptionists which soon reduced to 1, who took an age to serve people. It took a total of 1hr 15 to check-in which is totally unacceptable. Other hotels take 2mins! The room itself (225A) was one of their old ones so very dated and basic. Unfortunately for me it faced onto W 33rd St which had a massive electronic billboard opposite my window. This was extremely disruptive due to the brightness & flashing even with curtains closed. They were also doing roadworks until 3:30am.  The noise outside from passive traffic is terrible too - they dont seem to have proper sound proofing. Why did they make that room available to
bubble_40	Hotels location is very convenient near to penn station if you arrive from the JFK airport. The staff is very kindly and they helped us with a change of room without issues. It is very crowded, rooms are in good conditions but old. However, there are some floors renewed recently and their rooms are very nice.  Breakfast, well when I made the reservation it was offered as compliment but actually is only a ticket to take breakfast in a near coffee shop, just some fruit, bread and coffee, very normal dont expect any fancy, there is an option to take hot buffet by paying 10 dollars plus.  If you want to leave your baggage in the baggage room you should pay a fee for this.
bubble_50	Mara B. and Betty are the most Important reason to return AND return(8 or More times) to the OLD but renovated PENNSYLVANIA!!! When U did, with Your family, a biggg trip... To have in the opposite of the world, People  waiting with a SMILE, with quick Solutions 4 everything and a very kind attention: YOU FEEL THAT "U R IN THE RIGHT PLACE!" Thanks My Dearest People! I enjoyed NY every Time that I came! Thanks a lot!!! C U soon! Mario Enrique ALBARRACIN Buenos Aires Argentina
bubble_40	Simple, clean accommodations. Employees were helpful and patient with these first time visitors to New York. Loved the romantic, early 20th century aesthetic. Hope to someday return to New York and will definitely keep this hotel in consideration
bubble_30	Hotel was built on 1919, so it has 100 years now.  Seems that the las time it had a general cleaning was in 1920.  Eventhough location is fantastic, as per cleaningless (or dirtyness), it should be called Hotel Transylvania.
bubble_40	the hotel location is super comfortable, located in a great spot, the room was nice .  but with very heavy weird smell. the hotel is huge, cost-effective but a bit old. anyway, i would recommend it for my friends as a nice hotel for a quick stay at NYC
bubble_30	The room expected not given as requested.Not happy at all to the room given to my choice.Photos misleading.I expected rooms as per photos displayed.No chair or working table as seen in photos.Ques to check in always long with few staff on checking booths minimised to 2 or 3 staff members to many people to be checked in.It took me 1.30minutes to be checked in.Increase the help desk.
bubble_50	Brought a large group to hotel Penn. Returning after previous trip in 2016. Staff are welcoming, friendly, supportive and can't help enough. The rooms are clean and tidy. This is an old hotel has lots of character. Location is perfect close to subways, time square, Madison Square Gardens. Lots of local foods. Gym on floor 19 is usable for average gym users and if need more there is one next door. A busy hotel with coffee shop and gift shops open early till late and don't forget to try the local pizza. We will be back again.
bubble_10	I would give them a zero. School trip with a group of exchange students from Spain and THIS hotel was their introduction to America. Several rooms on the lower levels had rats and the bathrooms were filthy. When the girls complained they were told to come back in the morning and they will try to change their room. The girls couldnt sleep and ended up in other students rooms for that night. No compensation or refund. Got a room on a higher floor the next day which was better but that was too little too late.
bubble_10	Arrived in New York had to pay $10 to put my bags in the holding whilst I waited to check in. Uninformative receptionist was rude and didnt inform me that daily charges would be taken out of my bank. Paid $1100 for 6 nights and was not informed about the extra $250 dollar charge on top. Rooms were dated, tough to close and open the window. The cleaning staff were great (the only great thing) apart from the great location.
bubble_50	Wow! Where do I start! I have traveled the world and stayed at many hotels over the years but the professionalism and service that Maria B. At hotel Pennsylvania has given me and my family and friends has been nothing short of AMAZING! She really is the star of this  establishment and because of her we come back to this hotel. Im not normally the type to go online to write a review but because of her great service I had to take the time to let others know what an amazing employee she is and the happiness she has given us on our stay here at the hotel Pennsylvania. I am very happy with the service she has provided us and I applaud hotel Pennsylvania for having such an amazing employee, we will definitely be back here at this hotel! Thank you MARIA B!
bubble_30	This is a 1919 hotel with some updating. I stayed on 14 which was modernized.  A Hilton level room for sure.  But no coffee or tea and no fridge.  Complimentary drinks are at a club a block away.  Complimentary breakfast is either better or worse than you expect. But the buffet upgrade is very reasonable.  What you get free is a baked good, a fruit cup, and drink. This hotel is laid out as a 4 pronged E.  Very classic.  It has 12 guest elevators and I never really saw any issues with them.  Staff was very sweet.  I will rebook for sure. My photo includes an old connecting door hardware. I like that.  I love history.
bubble_50	I was traveling for business to upstate NY and needed to stay one night before and after my trip north. I stayed in one of the newly renovated Pennsylvania Plaza Collection rooms--very nice and perfect for one traveler. Maria B. at the front desk was especially helpful during my brief trip. The location is also a plus for me--near Penn Station and not too far from Grand Central Station where I had to catch a train north. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Location : cant be better, many subway lines, PATH to NJ and many places in a walking distance Room: mine was in the new area, not big, clean , no safe and no refrigerator  Breakfast: can be better, but still, if you want to save money, coffee and fruit are ok. Sometimes long line like charity meal Service: long line for check in, but with some special issues (I asked to Chang room and later to extend my staying) go to front desk manager, they are responsive and very helpful. Bottom line: I read few very bad reviews (elevator, room clean,service,breakfast) in my opinion, this is not 5 stars hotel but for sure reasonable hotel in terms of NYC prices Gym. A very good one
bubble_30	It is a convenient 5 minute walk from Penn Station.  Huge old hotel that has had some renovation recently.   My room was larger than a typical NYC room.   More like a normal hotel room size in an average city.  Closet very small, bathroom also small with toilet too close to the wall to be considered practical.   A 35/night faculties fee, that when taxed, comes to $40.17/night is a hidden cost that you get nothing for (internet is $10/night also).   Line to checkin was laboriously long and slow.  It's still lower than the majority of hotels, it is "decent" but not the steal it's advertised to be.
bubble_30	Its not the best hotel, however its so close to everything that it makes your experience in NY the best. Staff was friendly and the newly renovated rooms are good but they dont have amenities practically.
bubble_10	I saw the less than stellar reviews but needed an affordable last-minute place to stay near Penn Station so I figured what the heck, it can't be that bad, and location is everything,  right? WRONG!   First of all, they deceitfully advertise a lowerxprice via the booking websites but disguising their rate using a $40/night "resort fee"....seriously?!....since you can't opt out of this fee and there is added value the rate is being misrepresented by $40/night.  The closet is so close to the bed and opens/slides out in such a manner that you need to walk past it, open it, but then close it to be able to walk past it again or else you are trapped in the corner of the room...HORRIBLE DESIGN!  Toilet is so close to the wall and the door that you cannot maneuverin any way and let's
bubble_40	Good location, free continental breakfast ACROSS THE STREET.  Even coffee was either in lobby or across the street.  Wi-Fi was ok.  Room was too full of bed, little room to move around.  No place to put things.  Did have a small safe in closet.
bubble_40	Hello. Just got back from new york to uk. Stayed at hotel pennsylvania for four nights. Booked the classic room king size room 6240. The outlook was not a panorama view. But location was the best. The room was outdated but cleaned evryday. The wifi was free for the stay and worked well. The booking in was queued but surely this is the same for most hotels. The aircon worked well and was lovely and cool. We had a security box free in room. We had a fridge in the room. It was basic and dated but was clean and acceptable. In my honest opinion i was not dissapointed as i booked the hotel to rest of a night and be secure. The shower was ok and everything worked as it should have. I thought on arrival i would have complIned after reading other reviews. But i dod not need to. In a
bubble_10	First of all after taking an hour to check in they didn't even hold our room. Told us that they over a plus rooms and all they could offer us was a full bed when we paid for a king. The pictures are not with the rooms actually look like. They are gross and old. Do not waste your money. we were went around the corner and booked a hotel for about 15 more dollars a night and we're very pleased. Clean and nice.
bubble_30	My stay in hotel pennsylvania was good, the staff were helpful the cleaners were great the room was adequate but having paid $470 for 2 nights I  was expecting it to be a little more  grand I stayed on the 4th floor, it's appearance was drab but adequate I think overall the hotel is way past its heyday, needs a refurb, but on the plus side what a fantastic location I saw a rock concert at the hammerstein ballroom just a short walk away. The breakfast was good too, I would stay again but not for that price.
bubble_30	We didnt have a refurbished room but it was huge and comfortable, although sparsely furnished. The bathroom was tired but perfectly serviceable.   We weren't told about the free wifi when we checked in, nor given the breakfast vouchers or free wine vouchers but we got them later in our stay.   There is nearly always a queue to check in and it is well worth paying the few dollars for checking in and out early/late  Good location for subway and seeing the sights - empire state building is a couple of blocks.
bubble_10	Awful for everything but the location. Rooms are dank & dirty. I've never seen a room like the pictures. If you don't mind a crappy hotel just for storing clothes and getting sleep this is fine but don't be fooled by the pictures it's not luxurious it's a place to sleep and that is it.
bubble_10	Just received an email saying that my review had been removed because the hotel have renovated... judging by recent comments theres been no renovation done to the hotel. The queue times at check in still seem ridiculous we waited nearly 4 hours on New Years Eve and after a full day of travelling to the airport and a 8 hour flight that is the last thing you want! Then to be given a room with about a 3 inch gap between the door and the floor and the room dividers were split up with some kind of sticky tape! The rooms were that bad my partner slept in his clothes and on top of his coat. The bathroom was disgusting in every way possible I showered stood on top of towels Thankfully we only stayed here for NYE and moved hotels for the remainder of the job or I dread to think what
bubble_40	Great choice of hotel to see everything the Great Apple has to offer. Perfectly located in Midtown, with plenty of shops and restauranrs nearby, the hotel is very close to lots of New York atracctions, such as Madison Square Garden, Macy's, Times Square and even Central Park. The hotel is good, my room was very clean, with a huge, comfoirtable bed. Nice breakfast in a cafe nearby and friendly staff. The only reason I won't give a fifth star to my review is the fact that I had to wait for almost an hour in reception queuing to get my room key on arrival. Once said that, this is a huge buidling, with a huge lot of rooms and guests. But overall, very happy with my choice.
bubble_10	Stayed at this hotel twice, the first time the service by two of the receptionists was incredibly awful. On my second time the costumer service from the Night Manager (a guy from India) was even worse!!  Would not stay again or recommend this place to anyone.
bubble_30	Having lived in Florida for 12 moths myself and the girls planned a trip to Vegas and New York. We had 6 cases between us and we were completely exhausted after all the traveling. When we arrived the hotel was very busy and difficult to navigate round. We checked in a room on the 4th floor. I can not describe how awful the room was. There was a hole in the wall where the electrical wires were closed with cello tape, it was so dated, there was a picture hanging off the wall, I just felt like we were staying in a prison! Having just short of $900 dollars for 4 nights we expected a little more! The room we were sold was completely through false advertisement! The pictures showed clean updated rooms and the room we were checked into was nothing like it! If we had known what the room
bubble_20	Nothing like on the pictures the water suddenly becomes extremely hot the room is way to old nothing like seen on picture. I will probably never come back again and I would not recommend it to anyone else
bubble_20	We looked very much forward to our stay at your hotel. It was our first time in New York. Upon arrival, we were first of all met with a 45 min queue just to leave our bags at the hotel, so we could go see the city. When we finally got through the queue, we were told that the baggage storage was 5 dollars per item.... We of course wanted to pay, but the employee told us that they did not accept card at the moment. We asked if we could just pay later, but that was refused, and we had to carry our bags in New York the whole day until check-in, which was kind of annoying.   When we got back to check in, the employee asked us to pay 333 dollars. We were confused since we already paid online for the full stay. When i said that, the employee asked for "evidence" of the amount paid. I
bubble_20	The room was really terrible. Booking.com doesnt warn about the classic room. I have asthma and I couldnt sleep. Everything was old and not in a good shape.   Choose penn plaza collection! Thanks to Maria B. We could change our room.
bubble_50	My first trip back to NYC in 40 years and I wanted a convenient location.The hotel was perfectly situated to all the places I needed to see. I want to give major kudos to Maria B., the hotel associate who checked me in upon arrival. She has a winning personality and made me feel so welcomed.and was so helpful in advising of where to go and what amenities were available. She truly gave my trip a great beginning.  I was lucky to get one of the newly renovated rooms with a king bed that was extremely comfortable.  The room was super clean and temperature just right.  The bathroom was a big smaller than I would have liked but for my stay was just fine. I will be returning in a few weeks and will definitely be choosing to stay again at this hotel for the great location and quality
bubble_10	My daughter and I booked there for a 4 days, horrible place, rude check in staff member,  queues to check in and check out well it was like a football stadium, first morning after check in my daughter woke up covered in  bites as was I, the manager did change our room only from bad to worse, rooms where  disgusting, dirty carpets, dirty bathrooms, rust everywhere, it cost us 800 dollars and we would have been better in a hostel, from what Ive heard unless u get the 10th floor and up you are in a flee pit, please dont waste your money guys, great location, but not worth the bites,  and we got a  incident deposit taking off us, what a joke that should have paid us to stay in that mess, the deposit was  $138 and we didnt get it all back because the lady who
bubble_10	The desk staff are rude, have a bad attitude, clearly dont want to be there and they even talk about not wanting to be there in front of guests just very unprofessional! after the first night I woke up coved In bites so we got moved rooms but it got even worse in the second room. The room would have been luxury When dinosaurs Where roaming the Earth because the rooms look that old and dirty. Ive stayed in hostels that are one million times better then that hotel
bubble_30	The breakfast included consists in one drink (coffee, hot chocolate or thee or fruit juice or water) plus a croissant and fresh fruit salad. It was very ease to go everywhere, near the Empire State building, subway, 5th Avenue, Macy's, restaurants. The employees of the welcome desk were very helpful.
bubble_50	Excellent location, hotel and service. Will certainly be back again. Loved the newly renovated suite! It was huge and gorgeous. Loved the staff, were super helpful and always met our needs. Was really happy with this stay.
bubble_50	I'm staying at the Pennsylvania hotel for few days now. As I did for the last 5 years I defently recommend it not only for it's great location but for the personal service I'm getting each visit not only from Mng Charlie Kim but especially from Maria B at the front desk Thank you Maria. Thank you Kim
bubble_10	Italian Family Scanu Alberto . We had to change 3 rooms because they were very dirty and in any case it was dirty, they hadn't been cleaned by the families that were there before, besides very poor furniture, broken taps, unwatchable tub, beds that creaked. In my opinion i don't know why this premises are still open !
bubble_50	In 2018 bad experience at first but after MARIA B took over it was the best. In 2019 the same. First bad and there she was again.MARIA B took over and made it better than ever. MARIA B is the best!!!!
bubble_50	Being our first trip to New York it was very exhausting, getting up at 3:00am with two kids and a long and bumpy airplane ride because of Dorian,  driver van that picked us up at the Airport was driving like crazy honking and cutting in front of people, we get to the hotel and we get this old room that looked worse than a Kissimmee (192  weekly stay hotels). A dull and old room, we were under the impression that this was about to be our 3 days "vacations" , a 3 days in this room. Well, we decided to go to guest services and we talked to Maria "B" for an upgrade and she promptly upgrade it us to a room in the 16th floor, a nicer, brighter and way amazing than the first one, actually the picture that shows on this review is very close that our upgrade.  So a thousands thanks to
bubble_50	The people behind the desk at reception are lovely, the rooms are big in comparison with other hotels in NY, the rooms are clean also! Amazing localization!   The continental breakfast is in another place, very near the hotel, I don't take 3 minutes walking to reach the restaurant. And the things tastes good!   All in all, I enjoyed my time there!
bubble_50	Clean, simple, historic, huge place! The lobby is like an airport and breakfast is outside across the street very bare bone. Hard to get to get service line is always busy.  Can't get an extra blinky so bring one!
bubble_50	Check in went very smoothly. Maria B served us at the desk and she was such a sweety. She really helped me out getting a nice big room, I love the room. I will definately be coming back next time I go to New York.
bubble_20	The check in/out queue long mostly any time of the day, it took over an hour to check in, management aware of this but dont seem to care about customer focus. The staff are frustrated and doing the best they can with the slow inadequate check in system. Their breakfast is a joke - 1 stale bagel, cup of fruit and small bottle of juice ( limited choice) or tea/coffee. The homeless even refused handouts from hotel guests and deposited the breakfast on the ground. On the positive side great location, clean rooms - great service from housekeeping.
bubble_40	Loved this hotel's location.  Great value for where you are in the city.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Contrary to other reviews check in and check out were not long waits. The bathrooms could use some updating but I would definitely stay here again.
bubble_30	I'm on the fence if I would stay here again.  The location is great.  The hotel is old and the renovated rooms are still not that great.  The check in process is a hot mess.  Breakfast you had to go down the street and get pushed through a line like cattle to get fruit and a muffin.  The shower pressure about ripped your skin off.  The price is good but will probably investigate other properties to stay next time.
bubble_50	Hotel Pennsylvanias one of the oldest hotels in. New York! This was a totally enjoyable experience! Stay here MORE! Definitely Have a blast here in the Big Apple. We enjoyed the steam escaping underneath the walkways
bubble_20	Nice hotel until I slipped over on a spilt drink in the foyer, and not 1 person came to help. I had my friend with me and she called for help for 10 mins. Oh everyone stood round gawping, but not 1 staff member came to assist me. I was on the floor crying I was in so much pain as I've had a hip replacement and I have ongoing issues with pain. The receptionist looked over and saw what was going on, but did absolutely nothing....didn't even bother to get any other staff to assist. When my friend later spoke to management, she was told that its a union based hotel! No idea what that means, but I don't really care because I will never ever stay there again.  Very disappointing indeed. Where has  humanity gone??
bubble_10	The hotel is dirty, smelly, and full of roaches. The check in process extremely slow. The elevators taken from a 1950 scary movie. The rooms dirty, smelly old carpets, small beds, dirty old bath tubs. Customer service none exciting. The only good thing about this hotel, its the location. I advise everyone to stay away from that place.
bubble_50	I am happy we got to stay here, it was so close to everything, the hotel was so nice. Exceeded my expectations. Hotel is always so busy though took us a little longer to check in but other wise everything was very pleasant
bubble_30	The newly renovated part was clean and exactly what i was expecting. Had a loud neighbor on the first night but it was peaceful after.  The  only thing i have to complain is the check-in time. The check out at an electronic station very effective.
bubble_40	I liked the hotel, the room is totally renovated, the neighborhood. Best location ever, very close to Penn Station wich is a hub for Metro, Trains, also Great walk to others famous streets and avenues.
bubble_50	Very good. I wish it had more amenities like fridge, microwave. I don't know if other apartments would have this. But overall I really enjoyed the stay. The location is very good and the options around the hotel help a lot.
bubble_20	Ok the only good thing about the hotel is the location, which is excellent. The queue for check in is tooo long, the quick check in didnt work. The rooms need updating but the beds are clean and so are the towels. The queue for the lifts/elevators was beyond ridiculous...lastly I think its disgusting to charge $5 to keep luggage in the locker rooms. Absolutely disguising!!
bubble_40	At midtown of Manhattan, friendly staff. Is not a luxury hotel, large rooms and all you need to spend your vacations. The location is excellent, a lot of places very close to visit by walk, and all the metro station as well. Very good money for value.
bubble_50	We stayed at one of the renovated rooms, and it was amazing. Great service, great view and everything in place. Price was good as well. Probably staying here the next time im in New York. The location of the hotel is a big plus, it saves you money and lots of walking around.
bubble_50	This is not a luxury boutique hotel as it is a large hotel in the middle of NYC but it has an outstanding range of services, location, many friendly members of staff. Our room was perfect just as described and we were happy with everything at the hotel. Would definitely rate this hotel as very good value for money. Thank you to the staff.
bubble_20	nice staff, but probably would not stay here again. For the price of the room for one night, more towels could have been provided as well as breakfast and or conditioner and other essentials that are often provided in other places. additionally there was food in the fridge from god knows when. not the worst place in the world but definitely not the best.
bubble_50	Maria B was absolutely amazing I had the worst day imaginable I was on the brink of tears and she helped me sign into my room earlier than I was supposed to , she gave me directions and told me exactly where to go and she answered all my questions. She was the biggest help I couldve asked for. God bless her and her amazing customer service.
bubble_20	room and carpet in 5th floor (and in our room in the 5th floor) rather shabby and sticky; breakfast voucher just for the two adults in the room - but not for our kids.. At the reception they told us: thats standard.The windows are dirty and opaque. bath and bed are clean and pretty comfortable.
bubble_40	Excellent desk service amongst them, Mr Barington very kind also. The best kind room service 504A with Akhter Jahan. Kind also the desk for excursion with easy  french language. And good breakfast. Good wi fi.
bubble_40	I stayed there with my family and contrary to some negative reviews here, I actually had a pleasant stay at this hotel. The room was adequate, clean and with a great view of Madison Square right opposite the hotel on 7th. I was on the 7th floor on the A wing. My hats off to all the staff for making our stay pleasant.
bubble_40	Hotel Pennsylvania is right across the street from Penn Station so arrival or departure by train is really really easy.  And it's in mid-Manhattan's shopping district, almost next door to Macy's.  We're glad we stayed there even though the beds were very narrow (described as "doubles" but for a famly of four in two "doubles" we were cramped and always at risk of rolling off the edges).  Fortunately, the room was quiet and the Wi-Fi was free and strong, so it was a good stay.
bubble_30	Theeeee breakfast was very very poor, just a croissant or baggel, fruits and water or coffee. Also, the breakfast is NOT served inside the Hotel, it is served on a bakery crossing the street. The bathroom of the room are OK but not so nice, they are so so old. The A/C of our room was not working well.
bubble_50	We stayed in a handicap accessible room that had recently been remodeled,  very nice room, great views of the city. We were going to a concert at the Garden and came in on the LI railroad, perfect location. T
bubble_10	I had to come to NYC for an emergency in late December.  Of course, most hotels were fully booked and over-booked, but this was the only hotel with plenty of rooms.  It was the most disgusting place I have stayed at, including youth hostels in Asia and Russia.  The room was filthy with uncollected linens, there was "poop" in the toilet, unflushed, holes in the walls which allowed in HUGE cockroaches, and the dirtiest, most uncomfortable bed I have encountered in a hotel.  Fortunately, I had a heavy fur coat which I used on the mattress (which I checked because I was sure to find bedbugs, but none, thankfully), and I left for the hospital at 6 am because I couldn't stand the odor and filth any longer.  I looked up this hotel on Google and it appears it is about to be torn down
bubble_50	The hotel location is right in the center of downtown and nearby to many attractions. Right next to the train station as well. The room was clean and Overall we had good experience. The only negative experience we had was with the break fast. I guess this is just one of case and I hope is not true all the time. The breakfast included the cut fruits and we found that the one we got was already stinking, as in the fruits were probably cut long time back and at a stage of getting spoiled. Next day I reported to the Break fast vendor and she said many people complained the same to her and she suggested me to report this to their manager which I did. Hope they would take care of this. Other than this, I would not hesitate to book this hotel once again if I get a chance.
bubble_40	Very large two rooms, for the King Bedroom Suite, however, the room without the bed, consisted on a couch, a chair, lamp, and wall TV.  The amount of space empty, could have fit 3 king size beds.  Not one table (except for desk in bedroom and two end tables next to the bed), so, watching TV in "living room" area, hopefully you are not eating or drinking anything, otherwise, you need to use the heater as a surface.
bubble_40	The service is great, the location is amazing, the architecture of the hotel is beautiful. my only little that I would say is that the hotel needs a bit of maintenance, it is old, not the cleanest hotel... the room was great but felt like nothing was improved in over 20 years... besides that, the staff is really nice, the service is A1....   Could work on a better breakfast. it was not worth calling it a breakfast...
bubble_40	Before I say anything, I have to say that it's NYC.  When you go, you have to expect too many people in a small space.  It's busy and loud.  Check-in seemed to be pretty simple using the kiosk in the lobby, and a bellhop was there to help.  Unfortunately, the kiosk malfunctioned, and I had to go stand in a line at the check-in counter anyway.  It was frustrating at the time, but in retrospect, it was a 10-min process to check in.  Stayed in one of the newly remodeled rooms, which was clean and met our needs.  I was surprised to find, though, that although I had booked the room for 4, I had only 1 set of towels.  Housekeeping was unresponsive, didn't answer the phone, and I had to go to the bell captain twice to get enough towels for my family.  Again, it's NYC, so you have to
bubble_20	This hotel was perfect for a cheap and cheerful 1 night stay, the location is perfect for any tourist. However, the staff that checked us in was rude, the hotel is incredibly old and aged. The room itself was dirty and had a really strange feel.
bubble_10	Booked this hotel for 2 nights for my daughter and friends. Got it because of the location and Breakfast and WI-FI were included. Could have booked at other locations but chose this place because of the add one. Reserved a room with 3 beds. When they got there, they got a room with 2 beds, the room was old and there was a hole in the ceiling that was plugged up with a sock. They were charged a refundable security deposit of $80. Upon check out, they were told that the deposit would be refunded to the card. After 11 phone calls to Accounting, the Executive Office and the Front Desk, I finally spoke with the Front Desk Manager who told me that the $80 was a facility fee for the breakfast and WI-FI and stuff. So the included things were not included. So, if you want to stay at a
bubble_20	The hotel has convenient location that takes only 2 minutes to go to central Pen station. Even through I was disappointed with services because it took lots of time when check-in. There were only 2 or 3 receptionists in charge at front desk despite of a long lining up of customers.  Extra-service fees about 80 USD dollars per room was charged when I checked in. Such fees was not explained clearly when I made reservation via Agoda.  Room had not been cleaned and dirty when my friend firstly entered after check-in. Bed sheets had been unchanged and wrinkled, rubbish and used bath towels had not been collected and there were even toilet papers in lavabos. My friend took photos and shown it to receptionist and requested a room changing.  Breakfast was poor. One custumer was to
bubble_50	I loved the location, because it is near the best attractions. the price and the service. I was on the 14th floor and the room was very comfortable. I stayed in one of the new rooms. The Hotel also accepts pets.
bubble_40	We chose this hotel because of its great location and its reasonable prices. After reading several negative reviews, we made sure that we booked the renovated rooms at a slightly higher rate. They were very neat and clean (once we exchanged one of the rooms which had insects) and mostly updated except for the bathrooms which were charming (old bathtub).  We certainly appreciated the free breakfast (a choice of muffin or bagel, good size fruit cup, and a drink) at a cafe across the street but  with little seating necessitating a return to our room to eat, and this is the first hotel we have stayed in for years that didnt have an in-room coffee pot and refrigerator. Lines were long for checking in and out and the kiosk only worked for one of our rooms!?!  No free breakfast
bubble_50	To be honest, the hotel decor is a little bit tired, however, its location more than makes up for it....Empire State 5mins walk, Times Square....10-15mins. I would definitely recommend this hotel just for its location.
bubble_40	It's a gorgeous building, inside & out.  While the room looked a little tired & worn, it provided everything I expect from a hotel: clean, comfortable and quiet - with free WiFi & long distance. It's one of the few places I've stayed that doesn't require guests to use their own mobile phones to make long distance calls. I don't (and never will) own one - GASP! - so appreciate that amenity. Great location: both Penn Station & the MTA are both half a block away, so you can get anywhere you need to go in NYC without taking a taxi. There's a Target across the street where a tourist can buy everything one needs at decent prices - avoiding the jacked-up "convenience" premiums the quickie stores & kiosks charge. Best rate I could find for a conventional hotel; as opposed to hostels &
bubble_20	We were on the 4th floor, the whole floor was old looking, old carpets on the floor and room, old doors.  For me, Europian was strange, that the shower was not on the flexible pipe, it was mounted on the wall, not detachable. It was told, me that all rooms has such shower. Bathroom was clean on the floor, but the tiles on the floor had some rest of building material, what could be cleaned, I tried it,  but it was not.   I read the customer reviews before, I knew, that it will not be a luxury, But also the staff was a bit cold to my request and I saw more unhappy quests. So I understand also the staff, the are also resistant agains claims.   The location was cool and to be the whole day in New York and just come back to hotel to sleep, it is okay.  Clean the Tiles in Bathroom
bubble_40	We stayed in the renovated rooms which were ok for a weekend visit. For the size of your hotel and having to send your customers out on 33rd ave. for continental breakfast was bizarre. As for your continental breakfast, good coffee, nice cup of fruit but the rest, example bagel with only half spread of cream cheese and the rest without, needs to be improved. A hotel of your location and size and not having a restaurant, also something to think about.
bubble_40	Room nicely renovated, great location. Breakfast included at near by restaurant.  1 mixed fruit , 1 bagel OR 1 croissant OR 1 muffin. Expected continental breakfast. Could be improved with more choices and variety
bubble_30	Location + Location + Location and free continental breakfast! Other than that (other than the fact that its falling apart and too old looking for my taste, the price was right). I would admit the beds take some getting used too but the room was bigger than I thought (for NYC).
bubble_20	If your not going to be in your room a lot , and just use it to nap ,  , go for it . Needs a lot of TLC , but overall I guess ok . Check in was meh , room is meeeehh , overall experience in the city made up for the room
bubble_10	Check in day we were unable to check in early which was okay with us what was not okay with us was the rudeness of the man at the front desk. I asked if we could check our bag we were told yes and that it would cost $5.00. I asked him if he could break a $20.00 he then tossed my change on the counter without any words just put out.  In order to check your bag you have to bring it down to the basement area very eerie.  Returning back to the hotel at check in time our room was right off the elevator very loud upon entering the room we were shocked in seeing a dilapidated space. Very disappointing. We then talked to the manager who was the best thing about this hotel. She exchanged our room for another. We were okay with this room until the bathroom faucet had no running water and
bubble_40	The location is great, close to transit/railways and shopping, good size room, the bed was comfortable and the room rate was reasonable for that area.  The hotel is older - rooms show wear and tear, fixtures not attached properly to wall/doors and the bathroom floor and tub have seen better days.  For the time we spent in the room (which was minimal as we were out sightseeing most of the time), we could live with the negative aspects.
bubble_40	After reading complaints about the older somewhat cheaper rooms, I opted for a remodeled room which was well worth the small price difference. The one thing I felt was lacking was a coffeemaker for first thing in the morning. Breakfast including coffee is outside the hotel. Continental breakfast is ok.  Location was great especially coming from Newark airport. Trains coming from there arrive at Penn Station right across the street. This also a hub for many subway lines.   Slight negatives for me were the lobby which was more like a busy bus station. It was also hard to get water in shower set at comfortable and steady temperature.
bubble_40	This hotel is so conveniently located to everything! When we got off the train at Penn station and went up the escalator you could see the hotel. It's 500 feet from Penn station. Charlie who helps with check in was so helpful! I used the kiosk with Express check-in which I recommend because the line is so long to check in with the front desk. Room was clean and quiet. I read a lot of reviews on this hotel and was surprised at what I read. I'm glad I booked here and found out for myself it's nothing like the negative reviews you will read!
bubble_50	This hotel is like a foretress of NYC just in front of the Termini - the main railways roads to do deeper in the USA. They give you a coupon for  breakfast and a drink in the evening. It is close to Broadway and shopping.
bubble_20	Other than nasty rugs and duct tape holding plumbing together the rooms were clean. We stayed in a 3 bedroom suite on the 15th floor with a sitting area and dining table. No coffee machine!  15th floor is haunted!  In the hallway a Do not disturb sign came flying off the door at me and my friend then out of nowhere a long piece of plastic dropped at our feet.  We were not drunk!  My husband (who is a non believer) was woken up at 2am by someone or something touching his shoulder. My 13 year old daughter and her friend would not walk the hallways without an adult when usually they go off in the hotels on their own to explore!  Stay away from the hallway where room 1570 is unless you like getting the crap scared out of you! Good luck!
bubble_40	Convenient and clean. However the giant TV by the elevators on our floor was always playing Fox News. I looked for a way to change it but there was no remote. Since it was raining, the weather channel would have been a better idea if anything. But definitely no politics, especially Fox News. That alone will make me look for another hotel next trip.
bubble_30	Maria was very helpful, went above and beyond in make us feel welcome. Her excellent customer service skills made us feel like we were part of her family. Her quick response to resolving an issue with the elevator show how much she cared about everyone safety. On my next visit New York city I would definitely stay at in Hotel Pennsylvania.
bubble_50	This a safe location here in Manhattan and a very pleasant environment inside the Hotel Pennsylvannia.I basically for now booked here intil I get moved into my new place for me to live here in New York City
bubble_20	Location great, continental breakfast a block away in another bldg.,no restroom for quest down stair (only in your room).  Rooms clean, but not even a note pad or pen in room no coffee pot or microwave .Bathroom needs updating, tub was chipped but great water pressure. Friendly staff & did feel secure.
bubble_50	As a young couple who know very little about the city, Maria B was super helpful, genuine and hospital. She helped us with insight within the city, catered to all our needs and had us laughing the whole. Shes truly the best  5 out 5 stars
bubble_30	Hotel Pennsylvania is conveniently located across Madison Square Garden and a short distance to the Empire State Building and Times Square. While we had seen some pretty low reviews, we still booked for 2 nights due to the location, low price and included breakfast. It is true the Pennsylvania Hotel is in need of a refurbishment, the carpets are old and the ceiling and doors need a fresh coat of paint (the bathroom door didn't really close/lock properly), but you don't really go to New York City to stay in your hotel room. It served the purpose of providing a comfy enough bed, clean sheets and clean toiletries.  The included breakfast is offered at a caf across the street. It is OK. A drink, fruit salad cup and a pastry are offered. The fruits were OK, the coffee was OK and the
bubble_30	There were old furnitures...really creepy and some of them were almost broken...the hotel was poorly cleaned and very dusty. The beds were ok.  The receptionist gave us a ticket to have breakfast but they were only for 2 people and we were in 4...we've asked and the hotel policy provided breakfast only for 2 people per room. The position by the way was perfect.
bubble_10	I had this hotel booked by a host. On the website it looks great. In reality I had the worst experience! First room I was given was full of dust. The barely running AC unit was filled with elbow of dust, dirt and who knows what. It was unbearable to stay there for more than hour before getting a coughing fit. Corners , carpet , furniture - all dust. Bathroom was not much better- the bathtub was filthy. They could not give me a different room that night so I stayed in the lobby for majority of the night. They finally gave me a different room one floor up. After a pretty unpleasant conversation with the manager on duty. Room was a bit cleaner and bathroom was alright to use.  I was out most of the day on meetings. Once I came back I was greeted by a fat mouse in the room ! This is
bubble_50	This hotel is directly across from Penn Station. The location is perfect.  The rooms were nice and clean. It was a bit small,  but it's NYC, so we're didn't expect it to be spacious.  Will definitely stay there again.
bubble_40	Maria B was very knowledgeable and informative, she gave us some good advice about the care hire which saved us a lot of money. Maria told us about the Penn Plaza Collection which we will try out. Maria is a credit to the Pennsylvania Hotel and there should be more staff members like her.
bubble_30	I checked into the hotel this afternoon and really hated the room. It was dirty, hot, and there wasnt even any towels. Because of this, I went down to the lobby trying to ask if I could cancel my reservation to move to another hotel but because I booked the room through another website, I could only do so without getting a refund. However thankfully I talked to Ms. Maria Bi in the lobby and she helped me move into a much better quality room on the 11th floor. When you guys ever visit Hotel Pennsylvania, make sure to ask for the Penn Plazza Collection. I believe that it is a new section in the hotel that not many people know of but has much better room quality.
bubble_10	My friends and I arrived in NYC August 15th-19th 2019 from Ireland, on our way home from SF. Just please dont stay here simple as, theres a reason theres over 1,400 bad reviews in comparison to about 600 good reviews. We got put on the 10th renovated floor, sorry but it not acceptable even though its cheap just DO NOT BOTHER. The room itself on the renovated floor was clean, but the smell of musk in the bathroom. It was run down regardless and when you walk into reception its literally like a train station, sick. The only good thing and positive experience was the housekeeper to whos name I wish I knew, was a pleasure and they work so hard. She informed me that she is aware the hotel is basically a s***hole but what can you do. Ive been to NYC so many times and lived
bubble_40	our stay was pleasant.  We booked a room w/double bed but they didnt have and they put us in big room w/a king size bed and they made accommodations for us and worked out just GREAT!.  Great place to stayed great location!
bubble_30	Good for spend one night, but not have a/c on the hallway, not have coffee maker, not bring water at room, the breakfast they are include only one croissant or bagel, one coffee or water and cup of fruit, not continental breakfast.
bubble_40	I give four or five stars for the location in the heart of the city, Time Square is few minutes far walking, very beautiful the hall, Penn Station and metro are very near. It could be necessary to renovate carpets and bathrooms. Excellent value for money.
bubble_40	Good for a sleeping quarter. It was like a hotel in a horror movie, no fridge inside the room. But if you want a good location, pick this one and it is much cheaper than other places. The breakfasts is across the street and you wouldn't even get full.
bubble_20	I was on a Girls Trip with 3 other girls. We stayed in the hotel on Aug. 15, 2019.  We were all excited because the website said we were staying in a newly renovated room with 4 twin beds, breakfast was included along with 2 evening drinks and we could swim in the pool.  This was the first time we had every seen a hotel to offer a choice like that.  Good news first:  1)The lobby was clean and inviting 2) The room was very large with 4 queen beds 3) The staff was nice  Bad news:  1)The hall way carpet was heavily soiled 2) The room had not been renovated 3) The bathtubs were rusted and peeling 4) Theres no pool at the hotel; you had to use the sports club down the street 5)The hotel only gave drinks and breakfast for 2 of our 4 guests 6) Drinks were not at the hotel you; had to
bubble_40	The hotel was clean and confortable. But the bathroom is very small and the shower wasnt working well. Its very good located, walkable to main touristic attractions of NYC. There were a very long line to check in and to check out.
bubble_40	Hotel room was in an average score, people at front desk could improve customer centricity service. Hotel location very strategic at midtown, so helpful for moving throughout New York attractions. Breakfast should be better, everybody spend a lot of energy moving around attractions.
bubble_50	3rd time in last 6 years to stay here Better every time  This time got a beautiful newly renovated room with Empire State Building outside window ver well looked after by maria b at reception as it turns out same receptionist as last 2 trips  Would recommend and if you can get Maria b to look after you
bubble_20	We booked online and saw mixed reviews but the pics looked ok.  Checked in and the room was not up to the relatively lower standard we expected. The room had a smell and the bath was cracked.   I complained and they changed the room which did not have a cracked bath but was still not what we wanted.  To be fair to them, they cancelled the booking and we were able to book elsewhere - we had no problem with the staff.  If you are happy with a reduced quality of room but want a cheap rate in the centre then this would be fine.
bubble_10	Its a dump. The only good thing going for it is its location staff are rude and everything is too much trouble for them. Apparently, any dust beyond arm length gets left and how the air conditioning system didn't set on fire with all the collated dust in there is beyond me. Also, it would be nice to be able to see past the grime on the windows.  Kept waiting for Pennnywise to come up though the plug hole in the bath!!! Spoke to someone who stayed there 10 years ago who said they were 'renovating'it back then, I'd like to know where!!!
bubble_40	DEF worth staying here!!!! If the reviews were anything to go by nobody would ever stay here!!! So glad we listened to our friends who had previously stayed.... Newly renovated rooms are lovely,yes breakfast is in a big cafe down the street but it did the job, yes reception is busy but you can use express kiosk,perfect location, within walking distance of everything & reasonably priced, we booked with Bookings.com & all taxes &breakfast were included in the final price, no hidden extras!! Would def stay again
bubble_50	I was happy with the hotel.  I was there for 2 nights.  The location was perfect.  The hotel was within walking distance of major tourist attractions.  A continental breakfast (fruit, roll, coffee) was included in the price.  The breakfast site was down the street from the hotel.
bubble_40	I had a newly renovated room, It was a very good hotel, but there was two problems (not renovated items) the air conditioned had a strange noise, and the shower had an issue with temperature, it was changing between hot and cold all the time
bubble_10	We had stayed at this hotel in 1999, and we expected it to be better 20 years later....far from it! The first thing was the stench of the carpets as soon as you got out of the lifts (7th floor). We literally had to hold our breaths till we got to our room. In the room the smell wasn't as bad but not much better. Furthermore, the room was as basic as a hotel room could possibly be, more basic than what we had in 1999. Overall cleanliness of the room left a lot to be desired. Bathroom was in a poor state and the bath tub was not inviting at all. The windows were filthy. We almost couldn't see outside and the no double glazing at all....very noisy all night. Also no blackout curtains...so there was a lot of light all night....never had a good night's sleep in 5 nights.  We were
bubble_10	Read and believe the reviews - this hotel is disgusting. The front desk staff are lovely and the impressive lobby lulls you into a false sense of security. The rooms are dirty, mouldy and revolting. Spillages on the carpets are not cleaned, paint is peeling from the walls, there is a rancid stench, the furniture is shoddy and broken...I could go on. When you read the reviews you cant believe a hotel like this is allowed to trade in 2019. Dont be fooled!
bubble_40	Hotel is a bit old but overall OK. Great location. There is always a long line at the frontdesk, that is a big downside. Excellent housekeeping service by Akhter Jahan! Good option if you wanna stay in midtown and are short on budget.
bubble_50	Hotel is great. Been coming here every summer for about 10 years. So convenient to walk the city from here. Chelsea, Broadway, etc... Never need a taxi. But the best thing about the hotel is the friendly staff. Especially Maria B at the front desk. She's been there to greet us and tell us what to do since our first trip. She's fun and has the guests' happiness as her first  priority. She's always looked after us and is a big reason we always go back to that hotel...much better than other experiences we've had here.
bubble_30	The hotel was ok, nothing special. The location is the reason to use this hotel. Great location to all the attractions either by bus or walking. The bedroom is just hard mattress beds and a tiny bathroom. Great for a couple for a night or two, not good for an extended stay.
bubble_50	Id like to personally take time out to thank Maria B at Hotel Pennsylvania for such great and personable customer service! She was a breath of fresh air so quick yet efficient. The Penn Plaza Collection was amazing and very comfortable also great tourist area, close to it all. Ill definitely stay there again, thank you Maria B!
bubble_40	Antique hotel, comfortable room, good location. Offers free breakfast (notinha fancy: fruit, pastry and a drink). A little expensive considering what is offered, maybe for its privileged location, near Empire state building, times square and broadway, but was worth it.
bubble_10	I received a charge in my credit card, I did the inquiry form and they didnt give me a solution. They are not answering my emails and Im waiting the reimbursement for a month (also waiting their answer).  This is the worst hotel! I Lived an awful situation when a rat appeared in my room and now I have to deal with this.  They are robbing me!
bubble_40	The hotel has a perfect location to visit easily most of the famous place of New York ( Empire State Building, Central Park, Times Square). Also easy to get taxi to the airport ou paid bus tour.   The breakfast need to be improved - the meals provide though the ticket was not good. Too basic with limited choices.
bubble_20	I stayed in Hotel Pennsylvania with my family for 10 days . The location of the hotel is great .. but I was disappointed with the room and the house keeping .. Bed sheets were dirty and they were not change at all through our stay . Room is not clean although someone comes everyday to do the room but still very dirty . The room needs renovation .. great location but uncomfortable stay .
bubble_30	Dated decor and bathroom. Two comfy twin  beds, 1 side table with lamp, small desk and chair.  Good a/c.    No safe or frig.  Remote no batteries took 2 hours to get new ones.  Unable to manually change channels.    Building 100 years old.  Wonderful to wander around and imagine glory days.  Can see age in bathrooms, tubs chipped, shower head hanging from wall.  Strong shower though! Great water pressure.    Lamps and drapes water stained. NY magazine in  room damp/wet upon arrival?   Mandatory $40 "resort fee". Kicks price up.  Pool not in hotel.  Have to walk to location.  We didn't utilize since only one night stay.    Staff, not friendly or welcoming.  Ask your question.  Answered gruffly and move on!   Location,  location, location.  Easy walk to sooo many attractions!
bubble_20	Recently stayed at Pennsylvania Hotel.  Check in was a mile long with no one admitted before 3 pm.  Place was extremely busy.  Given the key to our room, quite confusing to find rooms with arrows going left right everywhere.  Got to our room,  it was so small, it was pitiful.   At 309 usd a night, it was horrible.  The room was very old although a recent makeover made it a little appealing, but that was it.   So small, very noisy air conditioner.  Bathroom small, with paint peeling .  Very noisy on our floor.   The only thing going for it was the Madison Square Gardens across the road"  Never again
bubble_40	We had a nice newly renovated room. It had separate bedroom with 2 new twin bed and a big living room, perfekt for a family of 5. (extra bed in living room). Great view over Empire State building. Clean rooms with new towels every day.
bubble_50	This was my 2nd stay. Location was great. Close to times square and other great restaurants. Cheapest in New York. Worth the price. Street noises can be heard. But not a big problem. They have renovated rooms. So it wasn't the same hotel which I saw in 2018.
bubble_40	Ok older room. Clean. Nice corner unit and spacious. Bathroom small. Like the the separate rooms with 2 twin size beds in one room and one king bed in another room. Quiet view away from the busy street.
bubble_10	The hotel was nasty (I mean nasty). The room and bathroom were not clean and the believe me you dont want to sleep on such a bed. It was unclean. You will regret being cheap staying in this hotel. With that being said, the location of the hotel is good and walkable to the everywhere
bubble_40	We stayed at the Pennsylvania for 2 nights. We paid a little extra for a newly remodeled room and it was well worth it. The room was very spacious and comfortable. The Pennsylvania is located right across the street from Madison Square Garden and provides easy access the Penn Station and the subway system, also a stop for Amtrak(we came in on Amtrak). There are several nice places to eat by the hotel. We especially liked the R cafe buffet and o the corner was a street vender selling Indian food like chicken biryani(it was great and cheap).
bubble_50	Very good place and location. Located nearly to most of the places we planned to visit. Very friendly service from check in to check out. Complimentary breakfast okay. Would recommend to everyone whos planning to explore New York City  .
bubble_30	The room was good the Front desk operator was not friendly they dont look at you when they talk They said breakfast is included they only give us breakfast for two person per day even if we are four  so we had to pay for breakfast
bubble_50	It's right in the middle of NY and all the tourists attractions. We were there for 1 night and our stay was ohk. I have sinusitis and the smell of the carpets got me sick. The rooms are a bit small. Other than that it was a pleasant stay, would definitely come back.
bubble_50	People give this hotel horrible reviews.  I have stayed here MULTIPLE times, and it always works for me.  Yes, the outdated rooms with no extra amenities are are not very inviting, however, its in a FANTASTIC location and the staff are incredibly nice and accommodating!!!  They work so hard at that front desk, they deal with tired cranky ppl all day, yet manage to stay nice and professional through it all.  I also love the price.....it cant be beat.  So, if you are looking for lush and beautiful, this isnt the place for you.  If you are like me and need clean and reasonably priced, in a FANTASTIC location...this will work just fine.
bubble_40	Lots of original doors, staircases and such from the heyday of this grand hotel. All the modern amenities!  Clean and comfortable. Reasonably priced. Will definitely stay again. Also made use of the 24 hour coffee shop in the lobby.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay  Closed to subway station directly from JFK  A smooth hotel located near Time Square You can go directly to Central Park and Harlem (North)  Statue of Liberty, queens, Brooklyn and Cobey Island (South) We will come back for sure
bubble_30	This is an old hotel and it has the charm to go along with it. Some of the rooms are renovated. We were in the older part of the hotel. Our room was huge, it had a separate lounge room which was good. Air conditioning was new and very quiet. The subway was at the doorstep and Penn Station is directly across the road. We came in from Washington D.C by train and only had to walk across the street. This hotel is by no means high end yet. It met our budget requirements, the bed was comfortable and it's location made our NYC experience a breeze. Maybe as the do up more rooms the hotel will gain better ratings. I would stay here again. If you're after a modern room, give the hotel a cal direct and request the new rooms.
bubble_30	Stayed here 2 years ago , only came back because of the location , Penn station across the road , Time Square 9 blocks away . The Hotel is still as tiered as ever , checking in is slow , as there are only 4 or 5 on duty . Luggage storage is $ 5.00 per piece.
bubble_10	If theres a 0 star, i wouldve rated them zero.   This is the worst hotel ive stayed at in my entire life!!!!!!! Dont get deceived by the lobby. Once the elevator takes you to your floor, everything looks different.   We checked in at around 6 pm at this hotel and it was fast. We booked two rooms which are both located at the 8th floor. The hallway has a bates motel feels. It feels like youre in a haunted house. The first room that we booked was freakin smelly! While the second room was still occupied by other guests (if you ever decided to stay at this hotel make sure to not leave important belongings!) we reported this incident at the front desk and he immediately replaced our key card and doesnt feel sorry at all for giving us a room that is still occupied as if it was
bubble_30	Its exactly what you pay for.  The hotel is right across from Madison Square Garden and quite close to Penn Station. The area is busy and has quite a lot of food options. The service and room quality are poor. It takes forever to check out or in. The sheer number of people staying here is overwhelming. The bathroom feels like its pre-WWII.  If anything, at least the price is tolerable compared to other Manhattan hotels.
bubble_10	Room was disappointing.  Bathroom floor was filthy. They will hold luggage until your room is ready but in a disgusting basement that you have to pay $5 a bag for.   There is no pride in running this hotel.
bubble_50	Stayed here in mid July, check in was simple, front desk super friendly and helpful. Hotel is in a fantastic location, paid 150 per night after taxes for a penn 5000 suite. Room was large for 1 person, decent view and clean. You pay for location with this hotel with anything around being twice as expensive. If youre looking for a room in the center of NYC I would recommend here!
bubble_10	The rating is 2,5 stars, but this hotel shouldn't have any... ridiculous!! The rooms are old, smells must, really dirty, nothing works!! The bathroom floor and walls was dirty and sticky... The only thing nice was the location. Believe me, the pics don't do it justice.
bubble_40	The room was a little bit dark due to the location within the building. It was a little bit humid due to the bad air circulation of the room /floor. We had an old classic room, which we knew from earlier visits. Next time we'll try the penn plaza collection. But when you're at the Penn, you're in NYC, so who cares about the room too much? The location is great, you can walk to the Bryant Park, the ESB, the high line, Times square, Flat Iron,... So we will come again!
bubble_50	Very good hotel, the place is perfect, close to Times Square, the room was big and clean, very comfortable. The staff was kind and helpful, the only thing could be better is the breakfast, its very simple but fine anyway (one drink, one muffin or croissant and some fruit). Maybe they could offer different things, but in general terms I really recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	Hotel Penn is a tourist favourite, probably because of its location and proximity to places of interest like Empire State, Times Square, Central Park and so on. I visited in July 2019. A tidal wave of tourists seemed to have descended on New York. Hotel Penn was surprisingly within budget range.  The hotel is nice and clean. However, the carpets in the galleries between hotel rooms needs to be changed as it is worn out and out of place for this otherwise fine hotel.
bubble_30	The bed slept well, and the room was fine.  The problem we had was that we didn't feel like guests. We sort of felt like some guys who have a room but no one really is interested.  See, we came back from a long day of walking around and didn't have any towels for a shower. So we called and it took over an hour and three calls to get some towels.  We called a few times more but they stopped answering our calls. This was rude really rude, we felt.  The breakfast was also kind of a joke. We got some fruit, a cup of coffee, and one pastry.
bubble_10	We got a dirty room. Mold on wall. Room 707. There was moisture in the mini fridge as well !!!Sheets with red stains. So disgusting and it should not be hard to clean a fridge. The bathroom had a very strong smell like javex. Mad us feeling bad everytime we had to go. The ceramic tiles on bathroom was broken and we could see molds in corners. The bath was like painted, but the paint is taking off leaving an ugly and dirty look. We asked to change room. The other was just ok. Basic. But seemed less like shitty room. Service is bad, staff arrogant. The told us we were getting a refund for first night, we never got it. There is an express chek in machine which is very fast but you dont get your breakfast coupons. When we asked the desk for our coupons we were gaving attitude from
bubble_30	We got one of the large recently renovated rooms which was clean and comfortable. Still had that 'old feeling' but you would expect that from a 100 year old hotel. Not a rat in sight! Great location!!
bubble_10	Our family was originally at another wonderful hotel for six days and when it was time for us to go home our flights were canceled. That unfortunately landed us here at the Hotel Pennsylvania... upon arrival we were not greeted by a doorman out front, once we got inside we waited in the very busy lobby for over 30 min to check in and the staff made you feel like such an inconvenience. Next, heading to the room the person at the elevators was just letting anyone up which is a bit concerning. We finally get to our room and it is a dump! The curtains have black handprints, huge holes in the walls, lamp shades arent even on correctly, lights are like something from a horror movie, no fitted sheets on the worn down beds, old dirty carpet, air conditioner falling off the wall, dirty
bubble_40	The services provided was great. Helpful and knowledgeable staff. Our room was clean and satisfied our needs, but the photos were really misleading. They boasted being newly renovated, but it looked pretty simple to me (the decor and bedding seemed modern at least). Overall, I was satisfied and would stay again.
bubble_30	The hotel location was great. Its an old building and we were in a room that needed some upkeep, but overall for the price it was not bad. And we were not in the room much. If I stayed again, I would pay a little extra for the remodeled room. But next NYC stay I will try not to wait until the last minute to book a room and get a better rate at a better hotel. Stayed 2 nights and never found the breakfast restaurant that is off site. The best thing in the room was the shower, and the shampoo. Great pressure!
bubble_40	I'd already stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania, so I knew what to expect: big building, impressive lobby, the charm of old-movies dimmed by the general worn-out appearance of the rooms. This time I noticed some attempts towards improvement - some antique furniture pieces (like the desk, chair and bedside table in my room) had had their internal parts renovated. All in all, I considered it quite nice. The big HOWEVER regarding my stay, though, comes from two points, both related to the front desk. The first one is a serious problem with the attitude of the people who work there. The hotel is huge, there are people checking in and out all the time, so lines at the counter are frequent, but this does not justify the sour faces and almost rude tone of the staff there (with one or two
bubble_10	5$ per piece of luggage extra to have your bags stored 2 hours before checking in time. Disgraceful and outrageous. Staff couldnt care less when you tell them that the feedback will be poor on Trip Adisor.
bubble_40	There were a few mishaps here and there, like laggy elevators, hallways that smelled of cigarette smoke, and flies in the room (which were quickly eliminated by housekeeping!), but the overall experience was great! I would definitely stay again, and try to book in the renovated section. The location was wonderful, just a few minutes walk from most major attractions, and there was security in the lobby. Our room had perfect view of the Empire State!
bubble_40	I have a confirmed reservation and when I arrived to the hotel with my kids after 10 hours driving from Toronto, their was no available room and they gave us other room which was dirty, old and have very bad smell and bad air quality. Next day they moved us to the room I booked ( Pen Plaza Collection ) it was nice renovated room. The hotel location is great, everything near you. If you want to book a room be sure you are in the new renovated sections.
bubble_10	You get what you pay for. What an awesome hotel, I took my daughter to NYC for one day/overnighter to see Lion King and got a room with 2 doubles with a Groupon.  The hotel was magnificent back in a different time and era of grand lobbies and ballrooms like in the old movies. It still shines with the charm of that era. The hotel is huge we were on the fifth floor, the hallways and doors showed there age and the entire floor smelled of burning weed, similar to most people you passed on the streets. The room was straight out of the 50's. Hard thin mattress, stained worn carpet, old furniture, unstable sink, stained/cracked tile, the shower curtain was mounted too far into tub so it tried to cling to you while showering, no bathmat or washcloths, not enough outlets, alarm clock
bubble_20	The Hotel Pennsylvania is celebrating its' 100 year anniversary.  With the type of service they provide at checki-in, they will be lucky to last the rest of this year. No kidding, the check-in process was 45 minutes.
bubble_10	Disgusting experience. It needs reform or demolition. We saw queues of people complaining.We had skin problems brushing the sheets. I dont recomend it.Unfriendly staff. Only Hispanics are friendly. Very, very bad.
bubble_50	We have been for work to NY several times but never stayed in Manhattan even when every time our work was here. This was first time we stayed in Manhattan while working there too. This hotel is great price and great location. Golden location. Airport train comes to Pennsylvania State Station which is bang opposite this hotel.   There are plenty of taxis etc too. It is one stop by subway from Time Square and close to Empire State Building. It is few stops from site where world trade centre was.  There are plenty of restaurants etc around and lot to see and shop around this area.  Rooms are historic! All modern facilities with WiFi but doors are like really old and heavy. It is a very big hotel perhaps 1700+ rooms. Gym and pool are in adjoining sports complex and hotel guest get
bubble_40	Location is great as it is in lower Manhattan area, just next to Pennsylvania metro station. There is a direct train to JFK Airport from this metro station. Lots of eating places around. Rooms are spacious and housekeeping is good. Very helpful staff. Check in took a long time as there is always a long queue.  Also for breakfast one has to go to nearby R- cafe, even though breakfast may be included in your room rent. Moreover, it seems there are different classes of BF available and very often guests have to settle for something less in the absence of clear guidance by the R cafe staff. This is one area which really needs improvement. Other than this, it is good value for money.  The hotel boasts of a great history. It is 100 years old and was the 1st hotel in the world to
bubble_20	I stayed at this hotel for one night only. The room smelled moldy and was not cleaned (leftovers on the carpet). It cries for an update. Bathroom experience was special.  The big plus is the location. Just next to Penn station and close to many sites. I would forget about breakfast. Took place in a small diner. Not enough space to sit and eat. I would rather eat somewhere else. Gym is 2 blocks away.
bubble_20	Gross rooms...icky carpeting... not appealing at all...for ANY PRICE The deal that got me in there, turned out to be more expensive  than I thought, ...so it was a TOTAL BUMMER staying there.  No one on staff was too helpful
bubble_50	great location great view only need to change the breakfast and lobby, close to Pennsylvania train station time square and all u need in New York City.  good restaurants target mall old navy and many more
bubble_10	I was excited about this hotel because it was so cheap, and frankly, the room was worth the cheaper price. However, after checkout, they charged me an extra $43 as a hidden facility fee that they never showed anyone. The room was clean when we left. Completely unfair. I want my money back.
bubble_10	Got to hotel at 1:30 am and had to wait 1 hour and a half in line only to be told no rooms available. I had a reservation and a confirmation. The 'lady' at the front desk was very rude. By then it was nearly 3am. Had emailed hotel before noting I would be arriving late due to event in New Jersey. Everything was ok by them.   I really want to thank the nice young man who finally got me a room. By then I'd been up almost 24 hours. I can't recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	The  Hotel Service was average. It was very crowed. There is not enough receptionist for a large group of people wanted check in and out all at same time.  The Little store for breakfast was very crowed as well. the food was good but the waiter was very rude with hotel clients.
bubble_30	Very convenient for all that Manhattan has to offer however upon checking in I was told I had to pay for the second night, despite having paid in full to Booking.com. It took a long while to try to sort this out and I had to leave my credit card details before I could get to my room. This was stressful especially after just flying in to New York! The room was OK, a bit small. It would have been nice to have coffee making facilities and a chair to sit on. I would use it again and hope that if there was a next time I didn't have the trauma of payment problems
bubble_10	They charge you extra all the time. I booked the place by comparing the final prices of similar hotels and decided to stay in this hotel because of the location. When I went to the hotel, they charged me extra facility fee and tax however I already paid all of those, but the receptionist didn't even look at the bill I have that says everything is paid. After waiting in the line for almost an hour, I went to the room and the room was in terrible condition (smell, stain, AC unit). When I went back to the receptionist and try to change my room, he said there's no room available and he said if you don't like here, you can go to another hotel without refunding. There's no need to tell the breakfast is not in the building, you need to go somewhere else and looks like a summer camp.
bubble_10	I've stayed here before through my company, so I expected a charming historic hotel with a few rough edges. What i got was a dingy room with stained carpet, thin overused mattress, bedding that wouldn't cover it, no wash cloths (seems to be a theme), sink with broken mismatched knobs, no blow dryer, internet that wanted to charge me $20 so I didn't even get online, an ice machine on my floor that was broken, and to top it off I was charged $40 for a facility service fee.  The prior night I had a great stay at a Springfield Suites four blocks away that was new, modern, and much less expensive but unfortunately I couldn't break my reservation at the hotel  Pennsylvania.
bubble_30	The room was outdated and needed some considerations. The room only had one small dresser with three drawers so we had to just live out of our suitcases.There was  no coffee pot, for which I would have gladly bought the coffee. I had to request face clothes. There was no dining facility and no information in the room about what was available in the hotel, if anything.   The most favorable aspect was the close proximity to the subway and the Penn Sta. Inside, it was nice to have security at the elevators but he did not always stop everyone.  Overall, it was not a negative experience but it could have been better.
bubble_10	We stayed at the Hotel for 2 nights and paid $420 for 2 nights. We were extremely disappointed. The rooms are nothing like the pictures, they are very old with stains all over the floor, the bathroom was dirty and with no service. The breakfast was outside of the hotel one street further, there were not enough seating spots and you had to wait in line for 5min before getting one fruit salad, a hot beverage and a bagel or a Croissant. We wanted to leave our luggage a bit longer to continue exploring the city and that was an extra $5 per item.
bubble_40	Great location and staff was very nice and responsive.  We stayed in the newly renovated 1 bedroom suite - Nice decor however the bathroom wasn't really updated.  Issues included hot/cold water in shower was tough.  No shades to really block out sun in morning and closet door would slam shut on you if you weren't careful.  Everything like the free breakfast was offsite and down a block only one small cafe and you had to pay with cash.  Small inconveniences were annoying... Plus side was close to shopping, food and the subway.  A work in progress...
bubble_50	We had to stay for a week since we had just moved to NY and had no place to stay. Staff was friendly and area was clean. Accesible train routes and various thing to do around. Would definitely stay again.
bubble_40	Fantastic History. Great staff from doorman, floor staff, & to the lady checking us in (she was very friendly & fast for us). Couple things. AC in room was not too comfortable & crazy wait to check in
bubble_10	Checked in to be told of 30 dollar per night mandatory facility charge on top of what we had already paid. The facilities included a gym which we could not find !!  even after 5 days. Wi-Fi which wasn't working on the first day. The first room we were allocated had a dripping shower and a leaking toilet. We were moved to a similar room. Still dirty and in need of redecorating.
bubble_40	I almost canceled my reservation due to the very low rating and negative comments from other travelers. While I agree that the place could do a little more on the cleanliness side, our stay at the hotel was uneventful and we cannot complain. We had two rooms with two double beds. The rooms are quite small, but enough to accommodate 4 persons. The rooms are clean enough. It's the corridor that I found lacking on cleanliness. The carpet really needs a thorough cleaning. The ventilations inside the room is also not adequate enough, so you'll have to rely on the AC unit to cycle air properly. No fridge or microwave (but that's part of the price range), but they provided an ice bucket and there's a free ice machine on the floor. Free wifi is fast. Check-in process took 30 mins since
bubble_30	This is a historical hotel dating back to the early 1900's - some of the doors have small plaques on the front which say this door was created in 1919. The doors are ugly, but nonetheless knowing that they are historical gives it character.  The location is excellent, right next to madison square, 10 minute walk to time square.  It is a very busy hotel with people from all over the world, they have about 1700 rooms and the staff are often very busy.  The complimentary breakfast is bowl of fruit, a pastry/bagel/muffin and a drink. If you want hot breakfast you have to pay about $10.  The hotel give you vouchers for free drinks from the pub across the road and vouchers for money off food, which is helpful because food in nyc is ridiculously expensive!  There is also free gym
bubble_30	Location of the hotel was perfect. It was accessible to must see places. Our room was tidy and clean. But some parts of the hotel like the hallways need upkeep and some renovations.Breakfast is included but you need to get out of the building since breakfast are is in another building across the back of the hotel.
bubble_10	Lower floors are from a horror movie, upper floors are the same crap with what they call remodeling. You dont want to stay even if its free. If your travel agent suggests this place, just go to another agent and never, ever look back. If this is the last place in Manhattan do yourself a favor and go to another place outside the area. It is way better to take the subway or train or walk naked across the Artic than staying at the Pennsylvania.
bubble_30	The hotel is in a great location.  One of the Bell Captains was really helpful.  Didn't like the rooms and the bathroom was disgusting.  Spent most of our time out and about so it was fine just to sleep there.
bubble_20	This hotel is in a fabulous location, however it is pretty expensive for what you are paying for the hotel for one night was almost $200 per night and it felt like staying at a motel 6 (in another city). The hotel feels dingy the carpet, the bed linens, the bathroom door rusting out. I would definitely be open to staying at this hotel again after the entire property is renovated. It was ok for one night, the basics were met cool AC, Hot Shower, Clean bedding. The pictures posted of this hotel are mostly the upgraded rooms, I instantly sensed that upon arriving that you would need to pay extra to upgrade.
bubble_30	Perfect location to come to JFK by public transportation. I used Skyline and Long Island Railroads with luggage, but I didnt have any problems.  Check in  Waited on the line for 20 minutes.  Room Old but clean. The door to the bathroom was broken,  but it didnt matter as I was by myself.  Breakfast  The breakfast place is located across the hotel. The place is like a deli.  Check out It was smooth.  Considering with the hotel prices in NYC, this hotel is safe and convenient to anywhere. I wouldnt mind coming back!
bubble_10	On arrival we were assigned a room, when we got there it was absolutely disgusting - mould, stains, dirty & stunk of stale smoke. I looked like a crack den. I went to the front desk and we were given another room which was abit better but still disgusting. This was probably the worst hotel I have ever had to stay in and believe me if I had plenty money we would have left. I have just noticed for some reason they have withdrawn 63.38p from my bank account for a unknown reason. I have previously messaged them as a mobile phone was left but they have never replied to my message. Ive also messaged them regarding the money they have stole from me too but I have not had a reply either. DO NOT STAY HERE!
bubble_10	1) No-one available on hotel main gate for baggage help. 2) Families are suffering. 3) Show something different and delivering something different. 4) Very small size rooms and suffocating. 5) No facilities are available. 6) Very congested bathrooms. 7) I'll never recommend this property to anyone. 8) Very poor lifts. 9) Rooms paint are leaving the walls. 10) Very bad view rom the rooms.
bubble_40	The hotel is right in mid Manhattan, New York with ease of access to the shopping district and high fashion shops. There are automated machines for express checking in but most customers did not use them. Check out was very easy with just dropping off keys in a box. And luggage storage was quite well organised.  There were log check in lines at the front desk. And the room was very basic but spacious however TV had no remote control and no information on TV channels available
bubble_30	I visited New York City for my 60th birthday. My wife and I had a great time while we were there. We weren't use to going across the street to get our continental breakfast and complimentary drinks. That was new for us. Other than that we had a nice time.
bubble_40	The only thing I didnt like was that the cleaning lady didnt nock the door my check out was at 11:00 am and at 9 something she open the door and because she heard the tv she didnt came in. My couple got really mad about it. Everything else was amazing
bubble_10	Stayed in Hotel Pennsylvania in Jun 2019. Room was alright, though the room and bathroom were a bit worn, it was very spacious.   However the front receptionist wrote the wifi password as "Dog" on the cover page of our door card which we did not notice till we reached our room. The irony is we did not even need a password to access the wifi. Wasn't the message an obvious insult to its patrons? Recep had initially refused access to the room when my friend checked in unless she could produce a credit card under her official name. Do hotels need credit cards issued under the official name? This is the first hotel I've come across which demands for such. Moreover, we had paid in full online beforehand with receipts to show.   What a disgrace to hotel establishments and a
bubble_10	The location of this property is good, but the services and the room quality (for the non-renovated ones) is crappy. Less space, the AC does not work, no proper service and then they charged additional taxes on the checkout. Disappointed!
bubble_10	Hotel was nothing like the pictures, old and dirty. Found roaches in the bathroom. We wasnt able to take showers . Im still waiting for my refund . I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Then on top of it, I needed to check my bag for about two hours and they still charged me for the bag. I can say manager Sean:Shawn was trying to make it better and provide another room but we couldnt stay there.
bubble_10	The hotel room was gross. The floor was dingy and felt wet. The room smelled like mildew. The walls had stains, holes, & cracks. Not comfortable at all! Didnt even want to come back to our room to relax after being out. Didnt even want to take a shower The line at the desk was always so long because not enough people were working. Horrible experience please don't waste your money
bubble_10	I had such high hopes that such an old and iconic property would have been at least  maintained to reasonable degree but it hasn't been! First off the place smelled bad! the paint was chipping, door knobs falling off the doors No decor at all!! I mean NONE! When we had people in the next room partying until 3 am it took 6 phone calls and still are not sure if security ever came up if they were just to high from all the pot being smoked that they finally just went to sleep. Bath tub had NO safety features, slick tub floors from a tub that was probably original to the building. They claimed to have renovated rooms but we sure didn't have them, nor did anyone we talked to! We voiced our complaints and were met with blank stares! The only thing they had going was the girls at the
bubble_10	If I could give this review a 0 I would. i debates on whether or not to write this but then I felt it was my duty, to warn others especially families visiting their first time. I remember my first trip was fantastic and it was all thanks to the hotel staff.   This hotel and staff is one of the worst things customer service has to offer. Every hotel Ive been to has let me check in a couple hours early because of flight arrivals times and they said we MIGHT have your room ready by check in, I guess come back in and see, I honestly dont know if youll get a room!  This was after we had reserved the room and had the papers in our hands!  WTF?!?!   Long story short they lost my reservation and said we dont have your room. The had spelled my name wrong, then they had surprise
bubble_40	Very nice hotel, across the street from the Madison Square Garden. Close to time square and the Empire state building. Bike city available just beside the hotel. Subway close, excellent restaurants. Such a good location for everything.
bubble_30	Its noteworthy that the included breakfast is not provided in the hotel, but rather you get a coupon for a cafe close by. If you are not there early (even though still within the specified time) there is not much choice.
bubble_40	We stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania from 7/22/19 to 7/26/2019. The best parts about the hotel were the location which was right smack dab in the middle of mid-town, the staff which were all tremendous, and the amenities were exactly what was promised.  The beds and bathroom were average but good. The wifi was a little tricky to deal with as most hotels go, and we got an old room which was ok. Nothing really sticks out that was bad and overall it was a great experience for the price we paid.   I would go back and stay at the Hotel Pennsylvania time and again.
bubble_40	Clean hotel and room. Convenient to Penn Station and attractions as well as subway stops. Nice coffee shop in lobby. Free tickets for continental breakfast at the R Cafe across the street from hotel. If you don't want a continental breakfast, the R Cafe also has a great breakfast bar. Luggage storage is available for $ dollars a day. Well worth the storage if your checking out when you want to tour the city before leaving the NYC.
bubble_40	I recommend this htel because it is well situated midtown in Manhattan the Pennsylvania train station are just outside the hotel. Macys shopping center is less than 5 mn walk and Times Square In only 15 mn promenad.
bubble_40	Hotel location is great, just across the street from Penn Station and a few minutes walk from Times Square.  If booking at this hotel, be sure you get one of the refurbished rooms as otherwise you will have a very poor experience (I experienced both!)  Only let down is the "breakfast". This is not within the hotel but you have to go to a cafe round the corner. Breakfast consists of fresh fruit salad + one option between bagel, muffin or croissant and one option between coffee, tea, juice or water. Also be aware, only two vouchers per room per day are given, so if you, like us, were a family of 4, you either buy extra breakfast or you share.
bubble_50	The location is excellent, since its right across the street from Penn Station and near most subway lines I use. The rates are mostly reasonable when I book here. I got lucky this time with a short check-in line. If theres something that the hotel needs to work on, its having more concierges to make the check in line go faster, or some other solution.
bubble_40	Arrived at hotel Pennsylvania about 7pm and swiftly checked into my room. I was a little shocked at the room as I had booked and paid for a refurbished room and found myself in a slightly tired and scruffy room - which would have been fine, it just wasnt what I paid for. I had to make a dinner reservation so I decided I would fix it when I got back so as not to inconvenience my family members. Furthermore, this was my first night and my first time in New York and I was excited to see it. When I came back to then hotel it was after midnight and I was told that nothing could be done until morning.  Morning came and I spoke to a friendly staff member at the desk who told me my room was all set to be swapped but that I couldnt do it this morning and I would have to do it when I
bubble_40	The room should have a refrigerator.  The hotel wanted $25 to rent one!  Room was simple but clean.  Staff helpful.  Free breakfast but you have to walk outside and across the street to get it so not convenient.
bubble_40	Large accessible room, newly renovated.  Very clean.  Basic but all you need in a room in the city.  A delicious continental and buffet breakfast available at R cafe across the road, continental is free of you post your stay on social media.  We also received a coupon for a pub nearby, Feile.  Our meals and drinks there were delicious.  Great services from the very busy staff at this busy, busy hotel.  Housekeeping checked in with us to be sure we had all we needed.  The location is in a busy area but central and convenient for all forms of public transit and across from Madison Square Garden.  We would definitely return.
bubble_40	Room was good for what we needed. We had one of the remodeled rooms. Location is GREAT!!  It was convenient to get all over from our hotel. Staff was very nice as well. We got a free continental breakfast for 2 for each night we stayed. We had 4 in a room so we used all our vouchers for breakfast on our first day.  I was worried about some of the reviews but we didnt experience any problems with our room or the hotel.
bubble_40	My wife and I had a wonderfull stay at the hotel. Greatest location, good cleaning, ok breaksfast, and friendly staff. Surprized at the negative reviews that I have read. We didnt have any experience with any rats, mice or dirty bedsheets. One negative thing though is that my credit card was charged with rthe full amount before we checked in eventhough the agreement was that we would pay when we checked in. Customers should be informed of this earlier to avoid irritation.
bubble_50	The room was small with few amenities but it was clean and recently renovated. it is an excellent location convenient for exploring. The staff were very nice and helpful. The bellman will get you a cab promptly, We found cabs to be a better choice than ride-sharing services in terms of both price and convenience. The 24-hour coffee shop in the lobby is a definite plus. Avoid the 32nd Street entrance as you will be constantly hit up for money. That is not, however, unique to this hotel you will run into that everywhere in New York City All in all, this is my go-to hotel in New York City. I will definitely stay there again..
bubble_50	Room was clean, quiet, supplied all needs. Comfortable bed. Do wish they had a decent cafe downstairs that took credit cards, but enough places outside to go eat. (Still...) Very courteous staff; when I needed to find my way around the city, concierge was quite helpful, looked up places/transportation when he didn't know.
bubble_40	Some reviews were not to good for this property,we found no issues .Check in was fine,as we arrived early and  for a fee of five dollars per item we could leave our bags in storage,i wasnt too impressed about this but thats just the way it works i guess. Management told us we had an older room that hadnt been renovated so we didnt know what to expect, to our surprise room was very large ,lots of space with 2 queen beds. Room may have been old but was clean and comfortable. If anything i would say mattresses were a little hard and could be updated.
bubble_40	Excellent location: walking distance from ll major tourist attractions and a subway station to get you anywhere else. Penn Station is right across the street which makes airport transfers very easy.  The hotel is old,but It is cleaned every day so cleanliness is not an issue. The room had AC. The breakfast includes a coffee, pastry (croissant/muffin/bagel) and a fruit bowl. It's not a lot but it's perfect to start the day with. Luggage storage available for 5$/bag. Overall, if you're visiting New York to walk around all day and you're not planning to spend too much time in your room, this is the perfect choice - affordable and at a perfect location.
bubble_50	Good location, in front of penn station and connect with all Manhattan, target supermarket very close to hotel. Little crowded on the lobby but big space. They can keep your luggage for 5$ in the basement if you need to go out the day you check out.
bubble_40	Given that there is so much to cover in NYC the location of the hotel is excellent. It's right opposite Penn station at Madison Square Garden. Walking distance to Empire State Building and very easy access to the subway to get to all the other locations.   The rooms are comfortable and are Cleaned everyday.   The hotel could make one's visit even better if:   1. It offered faster checking in (the queues were  long  and some members of the front desk took their own cool time to check us in )  2. The lady at the information centre was not helpful. It seemed as if we were bothering her with to many questions.   3. The breakfast offered at Cafe R was super basic and not worth the price you pay. It was just a muffin or croissant, a fruit salad and tea/coffee/orange juice.   Further,
bubble_10	Why is it that the lines are never ending?  Excited for my birthday getaway and as I arrive I was told that my reservation which I had for months could not be accommodated. Lets back track a little - I  was told my room would be ready in 2-3 hours and when coming back then I was turned away from my reservation.... why would you do this to a paying customer? I waited around the lobby and used their dirty roach facilities until they were ready to check me in.  The girl at the front desk referred me to the Stewart hotel which is down the block. As I walked away, magically a room became available when they were sold out.  Thank god I left ... please consider the Stewart hotel the block... they are home away from home
bubble_30	Nice place. Location is right down from Times Square. But dont expect luxury. Unless you pay for it of course. The basic rooms are small and need carpet and heating/cooling updating. Carpet in hallways need replacing. The vintage doors are neat. We had to change rooms after two days due to the air conditioning not working hardly. But the managers I dealt with were knowledgeable and polite. Fixed the situation and put us in a room twice the size of our first one at no extra cost. Valet parking was a plus if your not wanting to drive in nyc.  We would stay there again.
bubble_40	The Hotel Pennsylvania is 2 hotels in one.  The hotel is being renovated so make sure you book an upgraded room.  The supreme upgrade is wonderful.  Rooms were clean and a nice modern design, for example large flat screen TVs.  Once this hotel is renovated it will be a gem for prices in Manhattan.  The hotel has kept some of the original decor giving you the feeling of olden times but amenities are all modern. The staff was friendly, but one person stood out from all. Maria B, front desk staff, made our stay much nicer. The first person did not book us in the correct room and Maria B took care of all our booking needs.  She was professional and friendly -- when you arrive make sure to ask for Maria B.
bubble_30	I was promised a redone room with a coffee maker I got an older room with a beat up tub no coffee maker but I was ok with it because i was alone. Also I thought i was getting free breakfast which turned out to be a continental breakfast not even in the hotel as I am a diabetic I can not eat danish donuts bagels eat. Was VERY disappointed in that. Overall the hotel was nice I might  stay there again not sure. Harold Pretty
bubble_30	stay was fine. check in is later, around 3pm. my flight arrived 530am. finally, after waiting for a few hours they offer me a more expensive room that i could check in at 12, instead of waiting untill 3pm. i took it and stay there for 6 days, then i changed to my original booking room for the rest of my stay. staff at front desk is reasonable, but not too friendly. i guess it is a ny thing, more than a problem with the hotel staff. I guess this hotel is fine, because almost nothing is cheaper around this part of NY, i mean, with elevator and private shower. i probably still keep going to this hotel in coming trips.
bubble_10	When I arrived with 2 children after a long transatlantic flight, we had to wait for one hour in a long queue for check in, as they have not enough personal at the desks.  The room that I have booked and prepaid (3 single bed) was not available. They gave me a double room with an extra bed.  For this extra bed, I had to wait an extra hour. While I was sitting in the room waiting for the extra bed, a mouse entered the room under the closed door. Really disgusting.  The extra bed was a little folding bed and not comfortable at all. The rooms are very old and have a strange smell. Everything looks a bit dirty a d outdated. I booked a room for 3 persons but got breakfast vouchers only for 2. In summary: I had never such a bad experience in any hotel in the world. If you like to
bubble_50	The computer was down from the blackout the night before, but the manager there fix everything, as well for us waiting, he was able to give us and room upgrade. They also gave us two breakfast tickets
bubble_40	It all starts with the great location. And, all the service people from front desk to housekeeping to security are wonderful. Very helpful and nice. The room was nice and clean. Nothing special but more than adequate. The bathroom was small but fine with great water pressure in the shower. Also a good soaking tub. Convenient to everything via subway.
bubble_10	We had dtayed in this hotel 5 years ago, and although the hotel was dated, we had a large clean room. We decided to stay again as the location is very central. However on arrival we were assigned a room which could only be described as disgraceful. The room was not fit for tourism. The walls were full of cracks, there was mould around the skirtings. The en-suite was filthy, the bottom of the door was rotten, the enamel was broken on the shower tray. We went to complain and were told this was the room we booked, despite a picture on our booking showing a much more modern en-suite. The staff member was not interested at all. We were offered an upgrade at a cost of 49 dollars per night, we felt we had no choice as the previous room was not fit for purpose. When we got to our new
bubble_30	Great location Near most attractions We had good room overlooking Maddison Square Garden Older room was dirty, before we paid extra $50/night for upgraded room. No No fridge in either rooms. Service staff good.
bubble_10	This is my first time reviewing a hotel, but due to my experience Im compelled to share. Ill keep it short and sweet though, so you can take what you can from this post and run not walk away from this place...  When we arrived to the hotel there was a young woman in hysterics, freaking out at the staff about how she found a rodent in her room. She was complaining about her disgusting room and crying because they wouldnt/couldnt upgrade her room. We finally got our room keys and went upstairs, where we found filthy and torn carpets lining the halls. The halls smelled so foul that my 9 yr old daughter had to cover her face with her shirt to breath.   Once we entered our room I immediately wanted to run, however, it was midnight and our options were limited. We were forced to
bubble_30	NY is a city in which you will spend little time in your hotel, with that in mind this is a good and affordable place to crash the night. Regular floors are outdated, a little dirty sometimes, but the price you pay for the location you get is good. This hotel has increases their "resort fee" and that is a bad point for them, but you get a hotel close to many subay stations.
bubble_40	Hotel lobby was very nice and clean. Professional staff. Being an older hotel it was almost everything we expected and one of the reasons we wanted to stay here for our visit. Great lication, very busy.
bubble_10	Worst hotel experience Ive ever had. The room was dirty when we got there, no one cleaned the room between the days we stayed there, confusion on the specification of extra taxes, they didnt let me and my wife take the elevator to LLs restroom just minutes after we checked out.
bubble_40	This hotel is in a great location! It does look like some floors have been updated but the floor we stayed on, floor 15, was a bit dated and in need of a makeover (marks on the carpets and walls). Our room and bathroom were crying out for a makeover too - especially the beds which creaked every time we moved. I can say that the staff were very friendly and helpful especially with how busy the hotel was when we stayed. However, on more than one occasion while we waited in a lengthy queue at reception, quite a few guests felt it was ok to jump the queue because they "just had a quick question to ask" which we found very annoying as we had queued for a reasonable amount of time to ask, for all they knew, a simple question as well. Can I suggest the hotel invest in a separate area
bubble_30	Good location, easy to get around to and close to most attractions and short walk to Times Sq. Room condition is pretty average and looks a little run down however, and the carpeting throughout the floors are dirty and look like they haven't been vacuumed.
bubble_30	Stayed here for two nights on a business trip only cause of the proximity to the places. RIght in the heart of the city and easy to get to anywhere from here. The stay was very average and may not come back. Surely the hotel can do better
bubble_30	Location was good...close to what we wanted to do. However, our room was dated and needed some repairs. A/C on the top floor was leaking down to our room and we had to use towels to keep the moisture was spreading more. Bathroom door could not close at all. Line to check in was very long and slow moving. Mattress was very uncomfortable and floppy.
bubble_40	the cost benefit ratio is excellent. the location is great, between midtown and downtown, next to subway, trains and buses. otherwise the hotel needs to undergo a complete overhaul. it's very deteriorated
bubble_40	The room was very nice and the proximity to Penn Station is fabulous! I would recommend wash cloths and ice buckets in every room! Baggage check was inconvenient. Lines were extremely long and slow moving to check in and/or to get help.
bubble_10	Stayed here last night when my flight was cancelled out of LGA.  This was seriously the most run down hotel room I have ever stayed in.  Some people have described it as having historic charm, this seems a little delusional.  I get that it is cool to have a 'retro' feel but this hotel has it because it has linens, bathrooms, and carpet that hasn't been updated in 30+ years. There was unfortunately little to redeem this hotel.  I arrived at the hotel at a little before midnight and didn't get checked in until ~2:00AM.  This is a gigantic property - has to be more than 1500 rooms - but they had 2 people working the front desk.  If I hadn't been so tired and angry, I probably could have at least gotten a laugh at how inept they were.  Any how - the pictures you see on the hotel
bubble_50	We had the most amazing experience at this hotel, & very easy to deal with.  Had a horrific experience with Booking.com who cancelled our reservation the night before we were due to arrive at this hotel.  I called the Hotel directly from Ireland and managed to get another reservation at a cheaper price - the hotel were extremely helpful.  This hotel is a must for any one visiting New York for the first time.  Situated right next to Penn Station and directly opposite from Madison Square Gardens, this was the easiest hotel to find.  The check-in desks are exceptionally busy so you might have a wee while to wait before you get to your room, however they normally have 5/6 staff at any given time - this just goes to show how busy and popular this hotel is.  We had originally booked
bubble_50	I have read quite a few reviews on here and I almost didn't stay here because of it. I wanted to take the time to let everyone know that I had a GREAT EXPERIENCE. The hotel was built in the early 1900s and I loved the history of it. My room was GREAT...I stayed in the Penn5000 section of the 12th floor and I had absolutely NO PROBLEMS. The beds were not uncomfortable and I have back problems so if that tells you anything. They are not my mattresses from home so again, I kept that in mind. The hotel is being renovated so I kept that in mind. I have read here that the hotel doors were coffin doors........and they are not. Valet doors were used to hang your clothes in so they could be laundered. The guest would put the clothes in on his side of the door and at night, the laundry
bubble_10	I dont usually carve out time to write a bad review, and this is my first. Im giving this place one star purely for its location. After hours of travelling, we finally arrived at the hotel around 9pm on Saturday night. The check in queue was very long at that point, we stood in line for almost 2 hours before we finally get the keys to our room...just before 11pm. Our queen room @ $145/night (room only) was very small and possibly hasnt been used in the a while so there was a very musty/mouldy smell with dirty carpet and very old and smelly bathroom. I was so I tired from travelling yet I couldnt sleep on the first night due to the smell within the room and from the bathroom. Not to mention the noisy air con and also the smoke alarm battery ran out so it made beeping sound
bubble_50	Awesome experience. We will return. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean. Air conditioning worked great. The location was everything. We could not have asked for more. Well worth the money, which was a great deal.
bubble_40	Great hotel and service - but also very expensive....so when you travel intercontinental, wake up in middle of night, a cup of coffee would be nice. At this price, most hotels would have a nesspresso machine, or at least a kettle. Peninsula - to my surprise nothing and this is the standard. Called reception and told room service - ....why wait, should be available in room.- Come on Peninsula - a miss, and not at this level of hotel
bubble_10	Purchased a day-stay at Hotel Penn end of May 29-30, through Snaptravel ($122.19). When I arrived at the hotel, credit card was charged again although I had told the front office staff I had already purchased it. She assured me that I am charged for resort fee  $40.17. My June bank statement revealed the double charges. They refunded only the hotel fee of $95.30 after 5 weeks contacting Snaptravel and Hotel Penn. I paid more than what the other sites would have charged through Hotelscombined!
bubble_40	Better than expected. Lots and lots of homeless people in the surrounding area. Rooms are very comfortable. Please pay the additional $40 dollar for the renovated room it is worth it . Front desk agent that check me in was great wish I remembered her name
bubble_40	The room was clean, the maid came every morning to make sure that I had everything I needed. She also made sure the room was clean. Also that I had clean towels. She was also friendly. I did not have any problem with the room.
bubble_30	Hotel Pennsylvania has seen better days. But the rooms are clean, plenty of hot water and newish TVs. You cannot beat the midtown Manhattan location one block from the Metro. Rooms are small but neat. Come with ironing board, iron, hair dryer and a luggage room to store your bags after checkout if you still have time to wander before a flight.
bubble_50	The hotel is great price value, I love the old feeling it has. The elevators are a classic new York staple.  I was worried after reading reviews but was perfectly clean and up to expectations. The location is everything. I would go back.
bubble_40	Renovated room was nice corridors NEED renovation, staff great very polite and helpful, location outstanding breakfast poor Why doesnt the hotel have a breakfast room and a restaurant Im sure its be profitable
bubble_20	I stayed for one night. Yet, my credit charge was charged for a two day facilities fee ($40.17 twice).   The room has a dark and dingy brown decor.  It has a deadbolt. The sheets are scratchy and hard to sleep on. The comforter had cigarette burn holes. The air conditioner made a loud buzzing noise no matter how high or low the setting. The curtains do not fully close so you can see flashing lights from the street outside. Overall, I did not sleep well.  The breakfast at the nearby deli was ok. However, I don't think the $40 facilities charge was worth the breakfast and NYSC gym access which I did not have time to use.  They have a bait and switch offer. They lure you in with the low $80 price. However, by the time you pay the taxes and "facilities fee" (which is really about
bubble_30	Hotel Pennsylvania was honestly better than I expected, considering its in downtown New York City.  A few important tips to know ahead of time are that you need to park in the Icon Parking Garage, they do not allow early check-in, and make sure you book a room with a private bathroom.  Lots of homeless people laying around outside, but the location really is extremely convenient.
bubble_30	Made booking thru Booking.com. Front desk did not have suite resrv. Finally after we insistes, a mgr found one.  Suite was Missing some furniture. Housekeeping manager insisted it was the way it was designed. When I called hskpg they said furniture WAS missing Finally a hskpg worker came up with another night table and lamp. Glad I finally got what we needed.
bubble_40	I come to NYC a lot and my preferred booking company always puts Hotel Pennsylvania top of my list. I have been scared off by the ratings and avoided until now. This week I stayed 3 nights. I paid an extra $40 to get a renovated room. Honestly, it was great. The location is amazing, right in the middle of all the train and subway stations. This is an enormous and graceful old building. They are in the middle of renovations so be prepared for a little building noise. The lobby is a bit grungy and the check in line is awful (45 mins). But once you get past that, the room is totally fine, clean, good size room and bed. They gave me free wifi, which i used and complementary breakfast, which i didn't use. If you are looking for a clean, well located hotel that is incredibly well
bubble_40	Great location, nice and big room, great service, Amazing City. Everything is near, you can go to almost everywhere walking, but the Subways are in every street/avenue. You can find everything you need!
bubble_50	I chose to stay here for a work / play overnight. The location was perfect since we were attending a concert at MSG which is right across the street. The rooms are small (typical for NYC) but has everything we needed. I love the antique look of the hotel elevators and room doors. Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Right in front of the Penn Station in New York, its perfect, i took a train from DC so it was very convenient..the rooms were newly refurbished, they were clean, i didn't try the free breakfast buffet coz you have to go outside of the hotel, not a good idea..but i would recommend this place if you want convenience..
bubble_50	Arrived today at hotel Pennsylvania have traveled with my family for my daughter's 10th birthday, was dealing with Maria B and when I advised the reason for our visit wee got upgraded to a Penn plazz collection room as a happy birthday and welcome to New York for her. The service wee received from Maria was great would definitely deal with her again and would like to thank her for making our stay and my daughter's birthday extra special.
bubble_10	We booked in this hotel due to its location, however the room was horrible. Everything was old, the blankets had stains and one was even scraped. The room didnt had a refrigerator nor a microwave. The windows were dirty and in some places even totally black. The traffic was a problem for us since it didnt let us sleep. The breakfast was horrible, and if you booked online they only give you 2 coupons even if you are a party of 4 like us. The only think that was working how it should was the WiFi. In conclusion, dont stay here.
bubble_30	My daughter and I went to NYC for the first time. We stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania. It is located in Manhattan, so we were near great shopping, restaurants, landmarks like Time Square and Madison Square Garden.   Upon arrival, the check in took almost an hour. There was a very long line and it wasnt moving at all. I know they are renovating, but we upgraded to a renovated room and was not very happy. The sheets were stained, bathroom floor not clean, shower not clean. Sink had hair in it (a clump not just a few strands). The vents were very dusty. The workmanship was poor as well in the rooms. Carpet was coming up. The AC did not work. I called the desk twice, went and spoke to someone AND called engineering, but no one did anything. Again, if you are just looking for
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. THE carpets are filthy, the ceiling was falling down in one corner, the sheets were dirty with hair on, the bathroom was dirty, if I used the shower I would of been more dirty before going in. When I eventually got in the bed I turned the air con off as it was too noisy then I heard what sounded like flies buzzing in the wall. I had to leave a $100 credit card deposit and still a month later I still haven't got it back and when I rand them about it they said it will take 30 business days. I was booked in here for 2 nights but after the first night there was no way I would stay another night. Be warned stay at you own risk!!!
bubble_10	For the amount I paid and for the photos I saw on their website I expected much more from this hotel, horrible room, minuscule bathroom, shower with poor water, I bought a package with breakfast included, one of the worst breakfast  of my life. the only good thing really for me was its location.
bubble_50	The room rate was great, $ 103.00 but the taxes took it to $160.00 a night for a king sized bed. It was a newly renovated room, the room clean and comfortable, tv was across from the bed and new. The AC was quiet. The water pressure was absolutely great, kinda surprising since we were on the 10th floor. Loved the cast iron tub which was nice and deep. Did not run out of hot water. Travelers from all over the globe crowded the lobby, great people watching. We made reservations over the phone, and checked in via kiosk to avoid the long lines. It was easy,Just have your confirmation number handy and everything is done including the keys, right there at the kiosk. The location is wonderful. Would stay here again!
bubble_10	Just came back from a 4 night stay cannot fault the location perfect The hotel however was absolutely vile the room was smelly and EXTREMELY dirty Ive attached pics We had cockroaches in the the bathroom complained but nothing noted  We were also given COMPLIMENTARY breakfast vouchers which wasnt used but were landed with a $160 bill apparently service charges I thought it was complimentary!!!!!! we did manage to get it taken off as they were not used my advice dont take them or free drink vouchers. We noticed to late that an upgraded room was available but never offered at check in
bubble_30	Hotel Pennsylvania is conveniently located across the street from Madison Square Gardens. It is a huge hotel with lots of people in the lobby. If you check in early and your room isnt ready, you have to pay $5 for a luggage hold downstairs. Depending what time you come, there could be a long line to check in. Room looked fine, but I felt like there was a thin layer of film or lotion on the carpet. AC had one temperature and never got very cold. So carpet and AC made the place meh. Hotel employees were nice and the location on 7th Ave made it worthwhile. Price was good, but just know that a $40 hotel fee per day will be charged at the end of your stay. I would stay here again.
bubble_30	Location was great, right opposite Penn Station and Maddison Square Garden, and in a good position for walking taxis and trains.  Room was shabby, decoration very poor, not clean, huge lines at reception.
bubble_30	When we arrived on our first day it was horrible ! The bed was to small and the room was old!  We asked the manager if he can do something about the issue and he was not very cooperative , "if you are not happy u can cancel your reservation and search for a other hotel" that was his first line.   We asked then if its possible to upgrade our room, we had to pay $480 more, we said ok lets do that, so we can enjoy our holiday  The other day i had a issue with our credit card, and then "Maria B" came in, she was so friendly and sweet, she listened to our problem and because it was not her fault she said sorry. she should be a manager !   i definitely come back to this hotel because of "Maria B"   The hotel has a perfect location, its large, crowded , but ok, don't expect to much
bubble_20	Cheaper hotel in the middle of NY, very outdated rooms. Check in line was very very long but they tried to accommodate with a few kiosks, which helped a little, but still seen people wait over an hour. Staff was courteous though. Rooms are rough and nasty. We had bugs, peeling paint, barely working ac and paint covered rust all over. Torn and stained sheets with a very spongy bed and two flat pillows. Water pressure was awful slow and sink leaked. After a few nights one of the rooms was smoking cigarettes and the entire hall and our room was smoked filled. Security told us basically too bad that its a smoking hotel, which desk confirmed it was not. Took over an over for them to change our room to another floor. Same thing, no different in room care. Its a cheaper hotel that is
bubble_30	Our reservation was 3 days-stay and 4 persons room include breakfast , but we got 8 breakfast coupons. So we decided that we changed second day-stay to the another hotels. Because, this hotel location is so good that we can easily check-in and out.
bubble_50	The hotel was in a good location and close to everything such as the empire state building, times square, high line park, penn station and shopping.  Our goal was to find a hotel where we don't have to drive anywhere.  This is an older hotel but we only use it for sleeping.
bubble_30	Majority of the staff at the hotel is rude (with the exception of the manager Alan and the housekeeping manager Edward) our room was stuffy and insanely hot and they tried to move us to a downgraded room when we paid for the renovated room. We refused but the front desk personnel took it upon themselves to mark in their system that we accepted the downgraded room. According to staff, we shouldnt be in the original room they assigned us because we accepted the downgraded room. Thats when Alan got involved and he was super helpful in getting everything figured out.   Housekeeping is probably the worst Ive ever experienced. They didnt leave towels or toilet paper. There were times they didnt make the beds either. When I called asking for towels and toilet paper it took an
bubble_10	The hotel is extremely outdated, old uncomfortable beds, cracked shower tub, giant hunk of an old TV, air conditioning that barely worked, etc. The room we had was so musty that I actually got sick from inhaling whatever mold was growing in the there. My friends and I ended up laying towels on the beds and laying on top of those to go to sleep, we were so skeeved out about the lack of cleanliness of the room. And by sleep I mean just lay there and try to sleep through the discomfort of the beds and gross musty smell of the air.   We booked two nights, but instead of staying the second night, we took a 12:05am train out of NY and drove back home overnight. Pulling an all nighter to drive home was FAR better than staying a second night. I am still sick from mold inhalation, that
bubble_50	We had a Wonderfull time here, we stayed one night, the hotel recently being upgraded when we went in march. staff really  friendly and informative. not in a bad location with great links to go in to the centre.
bubble_10	I have stayed a few times in the Penn now and there have always been someone questionable rooms on shabbiness and noise levels but this took the biscuit.  I came back one afternoon and thought I saw something go below the heater. I dismissed it as my eyes playing tricks.  Lying in the bed one afternoon taking a break and my dad sees a mouse dander out into the room. Call the front desk and they send someone up.  Apparently happens all the time and the staff at front desk say they are all over the place.  Needless to say will not be staying again.  Im sure in a big city there are lots of vermin issues but the hotel could do more in blocking up gaps in rooms. This was at least the 2-3 time around the heaters have been open and broken away giving the mice free reign in the rooms.
bubble_40	The hotel could not have been more convenient or better located.  We were able to drop our luggage off (there is a fee) and enjoy a play and dinner before coming home to our room.  People were friendly and kind.  The only problem we had was with the concierge who did little to help us.  They just wanted to sell tickets to events in the city. They did not have any "tips" or advice about how to handle a holiday weekend (4th of July) in NYC.
bubble_10	Ive been fortunate enough in my life to have traveled to over 30 countries. I have stayed in a wide variety of hotels, hostels, camps, Airbnbs, and other types of lodging establishments during these trips. I can say with complete certainty that the Hotel Pennsylvania was far and away the absolute worst among these experiences.  Our stay began with the doormen being too busy chit chatting among themselves to help with our bags or hold the doors open for us after having walked several blocks in the July heat. At check in, they informed us of the mandatory $40/night facilities fee. I asked what the fee was for, and the agent behind the desk simply said facilities. After about 3 minutes of back-and-forth, she informed us that the fee included a continental breakfast at Cafe R
bubble_30	Absolutely fantastic location in midten Manhattan just besidde 2 stations. Location and Price was the only Reason we chose this particlular hotel. At the check-in we were worned that the specifik room that we had chosen was very old and that we should upgrade, wich we chose not to do. The room WAS extremely old, damaged and very bad cleaned. But large though.  The only reason that I give it 3 Stars is the location and the nice elevator-guards and Bellcaptain.
bubble_40	This is my second time staying here, love the place, may not be the most luxurious place but its really affordable for location, space, convenience. It will be my next place to stay every time I visit NYC, my only complain was a front desk lady who was extremely rude and not willing to listen, she keep telling me I didnt have a reservation even  I had boom months on advance and I had all my papers, finally I was able to check in on the self check in kiosk.
bubble_50	Great location. Very clean. We Recomend it 100%. It is located very close to the Empire State building and has good subway connections. You are in the heart of Manhattan. Breakfast are in a restaurant close to the hotel but if you go early you don't have to wait at all.
bubble_40	Avoid Level 7 - the smoking floor as it is dingy, grim and rather awful. Thankfully we were swapped to Level 9 after 1 night, which was to a nicely refurbished room, with plenty of space. The location of this hotel is very convenient for all the touristy destinations around the city. The check in process was a bit of a nightmare, with long lines, and the hotel overbooking, but the hotel redeemed itself after a poor start.
bubble_10	Hotel has no parking near it for starters. Checked in smoothly. Room was in un upsated part of hotel. The hallway looked as though it was out of the movie The Shining. There was blood on the walls by the elevator. The room was literally falling apart. The bill from last guest was still on the floor. Pubic hair on the bathroom walls. Asked for dofferent room, was told i had to pay $50 a night to get an upgraded room. Ok fine we did it. This new room has the AC broken and cant be fixed until tomorrow. Its 85 in NYC. Its 11:45 at night and waiting for manager to call us and switch us again hopefully. No mention of a refund or discount yet
bubble_10	This hotel highlights the importance of reading reviews before making reservations!   I have to much to say about how s*** this hotel is so I will summarise instead.   Pros: - location  - towels were clean   Cons: - Reception was usually severely understaffed and the men working at check in were horridly rude (one lady named Maria was quite lovely though) - Homeless people use the reception area as a thoroughfare - Hotel and rooms were in poor condition (only to be expected for a two star place though) - We were promised breakfast when checking in only to find we were given vouchers for some cafe down the road. When redeeming the vouchers, we realised they were for a piece of fruit and a drink before being asked to pay $10 tax (per person!!!)  - Housekeeping entered our room and
bubble_50	This hotel is a perfect location to visit all the sights. The sightseeing desk in reception is really helpful with booking trips & great advice.   The only problem is the length of the queues for the front desk to check in but they are really friendly & helpful.
bubble_10	We stayed at the Hotel Pennsylvania from the the 27th to the 30th June this year  Leaving the hotel on the 30th was an appalling experience. We were on the 7th floor and had two fully laden touring bikes weighing nearly 100 lbs each  We waited for an empty lift for 30 minutes in vain. Every elevator was full going in both directions  It was the day of the Gay Pride March and  a lot of people were coming and going, probably more than they  have handled before  This however is no excuse for the total lack of planning, for the indifference of the staff and management  We phoned the front desk to tell them of our dilemma and to ask if they had a service elevator. Their response was that we had to wait for an elevator and that there was no service elevators. This was a lie  We
bubble_10	Besides being expensive and old, the marketing in their website is tricky.  Very bad telephone call center and the informations about checkout are not clear.  I sent my family to spend some days in NYC and it was for the last time!
bubble_30	In addition to the 30 minute wait to check in. Desk clerk said computers were SLOW. The hotel says there is a pool and health club and also that breakfast is included. What they forgot to say is that for all 3 you have to go out of the hotel and walk down the block.
bubble_30	Go in. The newly renovated its clean ok room well located close to anything you want to see... free breakfast is located somewhere else and its just a croissant or a dry muffin with crushed fruits ... enjoyed the free beer at stout across the street nice little pub !!! Parking is close to hotel just a block down was ok to stay
bubble_10	We stayed here and there's no breakfast to be found. I ask staff, they give me vague directions. I'm hungry, I am upset and the breakfast is supposed to be included. BUT WE CAN'T FIND IT.  They also don't pick up the phone. I must have tried for a good 20 minutes to get thru guest services. Everything else everyone says is true. It's an old hotel, has an old smell.  I hated my stay. Don't do this to yourself. It's very expensive and there's not reason to be stay here.
bubble_30	If you want a hotel in midtown NYC at a reasonable price, this may be your choice.  This used to be a very good hotel but the lack of maintenance downgraded to two stars (by the way, why dont hotel in the States show the number of stars?).  The staff was always friendly but professional, but simply not sufficient: there is always a long line at the lobby and you may wait from twenty to forty minutes in line! The cleanness of the rooms may be improved. I found human hair in various places.  The sheets and the towels need to be renewed.  One very annoying thing: my bed sheet was not long enough, so my feet were touching that mattress (ok, there was a cover... but full of hair!!!).  On the other side, you still have the atmosphere of a good hotel. You have tv, iron, soap and
bubble_30	I am not usually surprised to find that certain local taxes (usually not very significant) are not included when I book a hotel and pay for it in advance. I was quite shocked to find this hotel adding $35 "facilities fee" per night to the already steep amount I had already paid. It is outrageous that this is sprung on guests only when they arrive at the hotel with little option but to accept and pay an unannounced, unexplained and unreasonable surcharge. This has to stop.
bubble_40	Great Location walking distance to Times Square, Central Park and all around Manhattan. Hotel room was nice (stayed in renovated room) Maria at the front desk was very helpful and kind! I would stay here again for the great customer service that was provided by Maria!
bubble_10	It sounded good on the web site, but when we got there the took us for baggage holding fees, and other hotel fees usually built into the price ( I did pay tax and fees on the original reservation). The room was old (which I don't mind, but it smelled bad, lacked furniture and towels. There were hookers and homeless people outside the door that the hotel did not seem to care about. The security card at the elevator did not even check our room card once, really secure LOL. Long lines to check in, uncomfortable beds. OVER ALL NOT A GOOD HOTEL!
bubble_50	front desk needs more staff on site because there were a long line and there should be a express service for those that do not need to checkin in. because my keys kept networking so had to wait in the line to get a new key.
bubble_20	The best thing about the Hotel is its location. I must thank Matha, Reception, for the good treatment received. Beyond that, the included breakfast is not good, the rooms (I had 2) are not those shown in the pictures. It is understood that it is an old hotel and that the spaces and the bathroom are not big. However, the fact that photography does not correspond to reality is disappointing. Many of the people with whom I had the pleasure of talking and who stayed at the same Hotel indicated the same situation. The cost per night is very high for what it really offers.
bubble_10	It was filthy. Smelt like urine. Outdated. Very expensive. TV broken. Condom in the bin. Crap breakfast. Dirty windows. Expensive like hell. I slept on my towel. Did I say dirty? A dump. Pubes in the shower.
bubble_40	When I go to New York, I always stay in the Pennsylvania. The hotel is a legend. If you are lucky you get a nice room, if not, you have to try to get it, because the quality of the rooms is pretty different . Some rooms are newly made (and more expansive) , some are old and some look as if they had never been touched since the 1960s... But nevertheless I like it a lot and recommend it to all my friends.
bubble_40	Near or within walking distance to most tourist spots in Manhattan. Room is old but clean and tidy. Hotel facilities are old so it definitely needs some renovation. Will stay again in this hotel on my next visit.
bubble_10	I swear I was waiting for the cockroaches to crawl out of the carpet. Thank goodness I had friends staying in another Hotel close by where I slept. As I paid for the room I decided to use it as a luggage storage space and I did use the bathroom. The cleaning staff was great! They did a great job sparkling up the bathroom for me to use during my stay. The Hotel 100% have to renovate because it is disgusting!!! I stayed in 1517.
bubble_40	If you are looking for a perfect location to stay in New York, close to train stations, stores, restaurants, etc... this hotel is for you if you are looking for luxury, personal customer service and modern rooms try to look for other options.  Pros: Great Location Restaurants, brand stores and malls very close (Macy's is less than a block away) Train station next door or crossing the street The room was not the same as advertised in Bookings.com but had a very comfortable bed and TV with cable Air conditioner (We visited last week so that was very important) Automated check in and check out (great due to the long lines on the reception for these) Clean (the lady cleaned every morning we stayed) Free WiFi Rooms had refrigerators  Cons: No personal service  If you are looking for
bubble_10	The hotel is in a great location but its expensive and the room we had its in a very bad shape. The carpet was dirty, under the beds was trash. The ceiling had parts falling and the painting too. The air conditioning was amazingly old and did not do a very good job at keeping the room cool when the day got too hot.
bubble_40	Rooms used to be very beat up. We had a very recently renovated room. Still smallish but that is NYC. Room was clean and modern. Employees were all courteous and efficient. Would absolutely stay there again. Cant beat the location!
bubble_20	The only thing I liked about this hotel was the location, it was great! Bath tub and walls were peeling, sink was wobbling, the carpet in our room was wet from the minute we walked in so it smelled liked mildew the entire time. The pictures are false advertisement. My son called it Hotel Transylvania... LOL
bubble_10	Awful hotel. I moved here to the last night of my business trip on the very naive notion that it would be convenient given its close to Penn Station for the airport. It couldnt have been more of an inconvenient stay if it tried. Rude staff who were particularly unhelpful. Charge you $5 dollars per bag to leave it before check in, another $5 dollars per bag to leave it on check out. And thats if you can even get to the storage. After a 40 minute queue waiting at front desk to buy a luggage tag, I was then met with another 40 minute queue at the storage place (which unfathomably doesnt sell the tags) With another 45 minute queue when I returned to actually check in and another $20 a day for WiFi, lets just say the budget and convenient hotel couldnt be further from the
bubble_30	Hotel is good. Reima explained about all amenities, nearby attractions . smooth checkin checkout process. Good location. Breakfast is good.Near by all attractions in new york city. Especially near by Time square.
bubble_40	Our stay was excellent we absolutely enjoyed this hotel stay. Staff are bit rude may be due to over occupancy or high occupancy there should be a guest relation executive placed in the hotel lobby so that the guest who has the queries need not stand in the queue of reception just to ask one question that is sheer waste of time of the receptionist as well as the guest who would rather enjoy that time to go out and enjoy there holiday.
bubble_10	Where to start, over an hour to check in, the room was manky dirty, enamel worn off bath tub,  carpet literally 100 years old.They charge 39$ resort fees and taxes and $100 security you NEVER get back!
bubble_30	The location is great. That's the only thing great about it besides the price. My kids compared it with the hotel in The Shining. :) Still a very good deal. Note that I would go elsewhere if I found lodging around the same price.
bubble_30	Booked through booking.com a Penn 5000 Room with King Bed thinking I got a bargain rate specially the photo showed a modern room. Upon checking in, I was told that I need to upgrade and pay extra to get the room which showed on the Booking.com. Apparently the fault for this confusion was Booking.com for showing the wrong room on their site. Hotel Pennsylvania was kind enough to understand the mistake made by Booking.com and did not charge me the extra fee. Thank you to the person at the reception, I think her name was Betty K.     .  One disappointment was the " free breakfast ". When checking in, I was given a voucher for breakfast. I was told breakfast is not served at the hotel but I need to walk outside the hotel to "Cafe R". I tried the "breakfast" on the first day, but
bubble_50	This hotel is in perfect location, it has some nice renovated rooms, the lobby is always busy . We got our room upgraded, the staff at the counter was friendly. Rooms are not cleaned properly the telephone always has dust. Breakfast included is actually coupons for the cafe within walking distance with only one choice of bread, one cup of mixed cut fruits, one beverage, we were disappointed. We enjoyed our stay because of this location.
bubble_50	Very good staff especially Sr Shahid Q very nice person The hotel is good in general and is in the middle of Manhattan very close to every interesting places. The only thing I didnt like it was the breakfast, I think it can be better
bubble_30	Nice view from our room, excellent location for us, but long wait at check-in and breakfast was ho-hum and plastic waste-heavy. We weren't unhappy with the hotel as a whole, just disappointed with some aspects.
bubble_30	Chose the hotel because of the proximity to several locations. Great enough if you simply need a place to stay in town when touring.   However, there are long queues for check-in/out. One suggestion is to have a separate line for those who will check-in and for those who will check-out, as these builds up the line further and made us confused at first.  Also, room given is refurbished but lacks refrigerator and electric kettle for drinks.
bubble_30	The hotel is nice in the lobby. The line was very long upon check in but moved quickly. The room was older but the linens and pillows were new and up to date.  I wish the AC worked better but other than that it was a pleasant stay.  Very convenient if you are going to Madison Square Garden. Id def. stay there again.
bubble_30	The one thing that always make me thing twice about staying there is the LONG check in wait. Through the years nothing changes. You can redo all the rooms but the check in process still old fashion. This time I was there 57 minutes on line
bubble_10	We had just flown in from Paris to NYC and it was around 10 pm at night and, obviously, we were tired after 16 straight hours of traveling (including other flights and train rides). We had to wait an hour for the line to check in our room and when we finally got to the room, it was not the one we booked. We booked a king sized bed with an extra mattress (since we travel as a family) and the room only had one twin sized bed in it. Needless to say, we went back to the lobby and got in line AGAIN to switch our room. We got a new key and got to our new room; it had a king sized bed, but no mattress. I called the front desk twice to ask for a mattress. By this point it was already 12am, and we were all so tired. We waited and waited and the mattress still didnt show up. My mother
bubble_10	We purchased an upgraded room. It was terrible. Tiny room, weak AC, tiles cracking from bathroom walls, no bathroom fan, dirty tub (hairs), rough towels, no laundry bag, and a door that did not work. Apparently the battery for the electronic card lock ran out. It took us three sets of keys for management to acknowledge we had a problem. Then they had no idea when the door would be fixed. In the mean time, we are stuck having to stand in endless lines to get someone to meet us upstairs and use some kind of master key to let us into our own room. They wont give us a different room, and have not offered to discount our stay.   During our talks about our room I learned the upgrade we paid for was not for the room in the pictures. That m, I was told by Manager Mike, is a different
bubble_50	Perfect location directly across 7th Avenue from Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. So many choices of things to see within an easy walk and subway uptown or downtown at your doorstep. No way to beat it for the money.
bubble_10	took an hour to check in, they had booked us into an old crappy room even though we had requested a rehab room. They found us a rehabbed room but it turned out some one had just left there because the air conditioner didn't work. We got to the room but the key didn't work. Went downstairs to give us a new key, it still didn't work. Then we had to wait an hour for a security guard to lettuce in the room. What a hassle!
bubble_30	After looking at all the nightmare reviews I saw of this place I thought I was going to be in for a house of horror but gladly it was not. Firstly the self service check in was really convenient. A very helpful member of staff showed me to use it. Rightly enough the rooms are a bit dated but a fresh lick of paint would sort that out. I also was talking to some of the housekeeping staff. Very friendly people. Nice to have staff like that. I suppose I have to fault the bathroom. The ceramic on the bath was not good. Replace the bath. Also no coffee facilities. Thats a must in any hotel. However the location was excellent and I could not fault service on check in or out. Just a few little things to be sorted but I would come back.
bubble_10	Is it unfair to give a 1 star review before you even see the room? Turns out yes.  When 0/5 check in kiosks work (dont worry, you can try them all individually- no sign indicates the first few are broken) and youve been standing in line for the better part of an hour while two poor shmucks are overwhelmed with 60 people waiting in line- its probably warranted.  This place is the worst.
bubble_50	Everything is too close and the hotel room was very good.Room service was also good. 1) Awesome location 2) Clean room 3) Excellent service Empire state is very near and 10 mins walk to Times Square. Amtrak Penn station is opposite to the hotel. Metro station is nearby. Just across the street.
bubble_40	Get what you pay for; reasonable price especially for Manhattan. Great central location. Bathrooms were gross but didnt take away from the experience. Room included a mini fridge and air conditioning.
bubble_30	Great location, stable old-fashioned hotel with many amenities on site and in the surroundings. Breakfast service could have been better but hotel management was very responsive to a service concern we raised.
bubble_30	Hotel at a great location, but there are some things not working as they should. We arrived at 2 AM and had to stand in line to check-in. The machines to check yourself in did not work. When we finally had a room key we discovered it didn't work because there were people in that room already. Back to the check-in desk. Without any explanation we got a key for another room. Room was nice, must have been one of the refreshed ones going by the bad reviews here.
bubble_10	-Disgusting -Smelly -Queues everywhere -hours of standing to check in -Overpriced even at the cheap rates -Additional 20% hidden costs taken off card for services I never asked for or used -5$ storage fee per luggage item  -Dirty disgusting carpets and beds and bed linen -They will tell you there are modern rooms online but you wont be given them  -They will tell you youre lucky to be in the middle of New York but youll wish you rather had a tent in the freezing cold than this hideous dirty dark and mouldy excuse for living quarters  My stay at Hotel Pennsylvania has ruined my general feeling and emotion of New York that two months later Im still trying to brush off and concentrate on the good times..
bubble_20	You can do your check-in on the machines, but it would be a chance to get a room with guests inside. My husband and I got this situation, so we went to reception again, we stayed 30 min on the line to get a new room, without any explanation. They gave us breakfast for free, but my god, weak old bagel with a terrible coffee. The room had a bad smell,  the sink was clogged, the curtains were seeing through, no minifridge inside, not even ice bucket, no safe in the room and you if go by car... you must wait 30 min to get your car back. Its sad, because the hotel is well located, but so old and bad care.
bubble_30	Overall a good experience, spacious rooms and located at a very convenient location. Our stay at`Pennsylvania hotel was fine, the hotel interior is bit run down - the carpets definitely need refurbishing or replacing - my room had a mouse trap ! Oh well i guess that was expected from a hotel that is so old. Expected, not disappointed but could have been better
bubble_10	This was one of the most disappointing stays Ive ever had in NYC. The room I reserved wasnt available at check in and I was told it would be at least an hour before it would be ready. Unfortunately I needed to get ready for an event so took a smaller room, which I was told was recently updated. Im not sure what was updated about it. The bathroom was one of the smallest Ive ever seen and the bathtub needed to be reglazed. There was no exhaust in the bathroom and whatever was used to clean it smelled like whats used in a johnny on the spot.
bubble_30	I grew up in New York but moved away for work not too long ago. I wanted to see the Lion King on broadway, so I booked a two night stay. The check in process requires a bit of patience. The staff at check in have the responsibility of multitasking with a smile. Some did it very well, others not so much. So again, patience is required. Housekeeper knocked on my door at 9am when check out is at 11am that was very frustrating. Not just my door, she proceeded to bang on every door in the hallway with a sharp object, and used her master key to push open the doors. Yelling, housekeeping! I would hate to think management approved that method, even though she told me they do. I also got NO visits from a housekeeper to replace towels, or remove trash. My room was never serviced during my
bubble_10	On arrival to hotel for check in we queued for about 50 minutes with our 8 month old infant. We were attended to by sherry at the front desk, who gave us a room on the 15th floor, you would not give this room to a homeless person. it was so outdated way back to the 1940s. The bed was broken, TV did not work. toilet would not flush. window was so dirty you could not see out. hole in the ceiling, paint peeling off walls, it was absolutely disgraceful. I would be ashamed to refer this hotel to anyone. I actually couldn't believe the conditions we were expected to sleep in and along with a small baby. Male transvestite and female hookers going up and down the elevators on the Sunday evening and early Monday morning with clients. The hotel security which was allocated by the
bubble_20	Stayed at the hotel for 1 week! We walked into our room the first night and was disgusted! The carpets were old, the beds were older! The pillows were flat and hard! The sheets felt like they had been washed with bleach so many times they were about to fall apart! The bathroom was a mess and not clean! We immediately went to the very long line at the front desk to find a new room because this was unacceptable! We were paying huge amounts of money for this $&@$ hole! We were told there were no upgraded rooms available until two days later and would have to wait, when we did get a new room is was beautiful and comfortable! We needed a city which did not arrive until the next day and it was hard and uncomfortable! But the room was clean! If you choose to stay at this hotel make
bubble_40	I stayed at HP a few years ago and the room then was nice, but very old but I was pleasantly surprised to see how they have upgraded the rooms with modern furniture and the rug was nice and clean and  the bed was very comfy.
bubble_10	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and it was one of the worst experience, we had. The only positive thing about the hotel is its location, however, all the other points are negative and not even neutral. Im a frequent traveller for work commitments and have stayed in lot of hotels in different US cities, so the review is surely relative. Some of the negatives Id like to highlight: 1. Rude and Unhelpful staff 2. Poorly maintained and smelly rooms  3. Dirty linens and unclean carpets 4. Leaking showers and AC controls not working 5. Pathetic Checking In and Checking Out experience with very long que. Id not recommend tourists to stay in this hotel, instead try and look for Airbnb apartments in similar price range, in this area.
bubble_50	We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel Pennsylvania! The room was neat and clean, and in great condition.The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel has a excellent location, its in walking distance from Times Square and other majors attractions! My husband and I will be visiting the hotel again!
bubble_20	Tired and aged disgracefully. 1st stay here was in '91 standards were high demand not so high. Potential is there but seems out of reach without a massive cash injection. Currently fits the profile of cheap and cheerful. You cannot fault the efforts of the staff but old is old...from the musty smell of the carpets 5th floor to the mash-up mix of strange furniture in the bedroom.Unusual breakfast set up of popping down the road to queue for fruit,pastry and a drink.  4 nights felt long. Check in is quite something, come with a large dose of patience. This place will go on and on but for us it's time to a adieu.
bubble_30	Came in very early n they would not let me check in till after 2 i was dead tired and no options given but to sit in the reception area n wait, Location is perfect. Room was very very small. Honestly for a 3rd world country South Africa has much better hotels n service
bubble_20	Location was great! That's all I can say good though. Complete chaos in checking in. I counted 125 people in line and 3 workers behind the desk. 1.5 hours to check in. The room was a horrible dump. We referenced it as the Tower of Terror. Absolute filth, stains on bed covers, floor was filthy, rotted flooring in bathroom with holes in wall. AC hanging on wall sounded like an airplane taking off and the knobs were broken so we couldn't turn it off. But the location was great.  Needs a complete renovation.
bubble_10	This hotel is well located however its old and in terrible condition. It took close to an hour for us to check in. The carpets are dusty and have a damp smell. Doesnt look like the web pictures at all. I dont recommend it at all.
bubble_40	This hotel is perfectly located. I know it may not be a 5 star hotel but really for the price it is great. First, they do offer a kiosk check-in, helps you get to your room fast but you still need to visit the front counter for breakfast and other dining coupons. If there is no line just by pass the kiosk and visit the front counter, Maria B was very helpful when we checked in. The rooms are dated but the beds were comfortable. Ok so if you like a really nice bar that crafts great drinks, yes crafts drinks, American Whisky is just a couple of blocks away, Secret if you like oysters, they are a dollar during the happy hour weekdays, not advertised. They have a nice jalapeno vinigerette with pop rocks don't knock it until you try it. Korean food is just a few blocks the other way,
bubble_50	The hotel is centrally located in Manhattan and is perfect for site seeing and shopping. The service desk and customer service is excellent and friendly, and the management staff is exceptionally helpful. We were there for my wifes Birthday and the young lady manager ( I cant remember her name) saw we were staying in a smaller room and without hesitation upgraded our room to a larger room and made the stay even more pleasurable for my family, she was awesome.  **FYI** If you want a more updated room you must request a upper floor. They have just been remodeled. Because if you dont book a newer room on a upper floor you will have a outdated small room.
bubble_40	I brought my three grandkids, ages 20, 19,and 17, with the idea of showing them the real New York by subway and walking. This hotel is situated in the thick of everyday New York life. In some ways, the experience is like jumping into cold water, but if you want to be a part of it and not just a spectator, this is a great launch pad. The hotel room was large, and the beds comfortable. The bathroom was big and clearly a throwback, but hey, the hotel is a hundred years old. Staff was friendly and helpful and security appeared to be top notch. All the must sees are easily accessed by foot and subway. Best of all, Penn Station is across the street. We flew into JFK and out of Newark, and used the trains to get to and from both airports. I loved the entire experience. I will stay
bubble_20	I wont stay here again. It took 40 mins to check in.  An alarm was going off on my floor at night.  Rooms can be old and nice... this was not.  Bed was not comfortable and air rattled like a diesel motor.
bubble_40	This was my 1st time staying here in a good while, the room was nice, the staff were nice. this is one of those mega hotels across from the garden (MSG) in the middle of everything. love to book another here in the future the rates were great,
bubble_30	Let's start off with what's good.  Location, location, location.  You're across the street from the subway which takes you anywhere.  You are 10 short blocks from Times Square and all the theaters of  Broadway.  You are across the street from Penn Station and the Amtrak terminal.  All of  that counts and is priceless.  The room was average.  The bed was OK but not very comfortable. The bathroom was utilitarian.  Everything was clean and orderly.  We never used the TV but it was there.  Wifi was good in the hotel. They will hold your bags for you too for $5.00 per bag.  A nice service.  Check in was a nightmare.  I've never seen such a long line on a Tuesday afternoon at 2:15 p.m.  Out of the six stations they had, only one or two were staffed.  We waited 45 minutes to check in.
bubble_10	This hotel is nothing more than a giant flophouse. They should be ashamed of how blatantly they misrepresent themselves, in that the rooms are absolutely NOTHING like their online photos. The carpet is worn and musty, the walls are bare, the lighting is dim, and the bathtub had substantial rust stains. I cant prove that the rooms were technically/legally unsanitary, but I fully expected to see a rat or cockroach scurrying about at any moment. Under no circumstances should you ever bring your children here (fortunately, I was alone). On my next trip to Manhattan, if the only rooms available on the entire island were at the Hotel Penn, I would postpone my trip. The place is THAT depressing.
bubble_20	cons: old and filthy rooms dirty carpets dirty windows no small fridge no kettle or water heater , no free bottled water coffee or tea no toothbrush and toothpaste  elevator is always full. had to use the stairs in the morning.  location is not safe - met some guys around soliciting for money location is filthy. smelly gutter. staff named Natasha is rude and unfriendly. long queue reception desk  had to pay and long queue to leave the luggage.   pros: using the kiosk, faster check in and check out.  good breakfast with a choice of croissant, bagel with creamcheese, danish bread,muffin and fruits. coffee and juice also available. but the breakfast place is outside the hotel.   free beers/drinks from the pennsy foodhall  location is very near to the penn station subway, old navy,
bubble_30	Everything went very smoothly with my booking.com hotel reservation at hotel Pennsylvania. I was able to check my bags in the morning for five bucks a bag and then check in later in the day. The reservationist was very helpful and gave us a large room. This hotel is older and worn. The carpet in our room had some stains and it was in generally worn condition. The bedding was clean, the room service was taken care of everyday and the location was excellent for the price. If you are looking for a place to lay your head this is for you if you're looking for something in pristine condition it may not be for you.
bubble_40	I would like to comment how great Maria B was from the first day we arrived at the hotel, always with a smile on her face, explaining all the details to us , We felt comfortable, Thank you Maria B for your kind and generous hospitality, which was above and beyond the call of duty!!!!, I would also like to thank the manager Steve he was also their to accommodate us , with excellency, very nice gentlemen .Thank you for looking out for us.
bubble_20	Great location, right across from Penn Station and 15 minutes walk to Times Square and Broadway. HOWEVER....our room was SO old and dilapidated. Shabby, dirty carpets. Paint peeling, holes in walls and floor trim. No chain or deadbolt on door. A dirty room, with old, damaged furniture. . No safe in room. No coffee maker or refrigerator.Thin blankets and towels. A tv from early 2000. SHOCKING considering it was $170 per night, plus a $40 per night resort fee, plus taxes. A bare, basic hotel
bubble_20	This hotel needs a major remodel in the rooms..The Lobby is beautiful but deceiving...staff was friendly..concierge was very helpful...location is perfect....if you book a room ..upgrade...carpet is worn out...furniture is way outdated and falling apart..plaster falling off the walls..mildew..finish coming off the bathtub/shower..the Hotel needs tlc in a bad way
bubble_40	Took my daughters and their friends to a concert at Madison Square Garden and booked a 2 bedroom suite since we had 6 people. Wait time to check in was long but multiple staff worked hard to keep it moving. The woman who helped us was pleasant and helpful. However, we were disappointed to learn that our room was not ready for us and this was at 5:00pm - check in is 3:00. We had to wait another 30 minutes until we could go up to our room. The room was accommodating with plenty of space and it was clean. There was a sitting area and a small kitchen area with full-sized fridge, and just one bathroom for everyone. It was off positioned off one of the bedrooms. This wasnt necessarily a problem, but you had to disturb those in the king bedroom to go use the bathroom. Beds were
bubble_40	Hotel Pennsylvania is dated although its currently under renovation. The buzz and vibe of this city  , we could hardly complain about the location ; which is nestled right in the garment district midtown Manhattan : shopping, food, entertainment , and sightseeing with access to the Hop on Hop off buses was safe and hassle free.  We absolutely love the city and this hotel  no nonsense, and you get what you pay for . The service staff were excellent , our attendant , Elizabeth was exceptional ; which made our stay all the more enjoyable- appreciate it!
bubble_30	The roon has an old bedroom. Breakfast is good but breadfast's place is dirty and in general you have 20 or 30 persons waiting before you. Check-in take a long time. Mora than 30 minutes because there are less personal than necesary. In general hotel has a old decoration and in bad conditios.
bubble_10	Outside, the vintage building looks great in the middle of Manhattan. Entering the hotel lobby, it's so nice. Then the wait for check in is soo long beware. Then, we went to our 7/f classic two double room. The carpet floor is a big shame so old so dirty so smelly. The interiors are so shabby you want to throw up. Then we bump into a compatriot who showed us her cell video of running rat in their Hotel Pennsylvania room. I like to be kind but really the rooms are quite unfit for habitation even for the $140 price we paid. The previous reviews are accurate. It's a shame.
bubble_50	I cannot imagine a more perfectly situated location for a visitor to New York than the Hotel Pennsylvania! In the heart of the city with easy access to anywhere you want to be - Thanks for helping make our New York stay a memorable one!
bubble_10	I made my reservation through Booking.com and was very disappointed with the room. The pictures on several internet booking sites were not AT ALL a representation of what I had - the bathtub was stained and had enamel peeling off exposing rusty parts. The fridge was wet, dirty, and had accumulation of a yellowing substance at the bottom. The carpet was filthy and stained and as if that was not enough the ceiling was darkly stained with big brown circles in several areas. Will never come back again, and will certainly dissuade anyone who does want to stay here!
bubble_20	Hotel pennsylvania is well located at just 10 mn walk from Times Square. But the inside room is just old, outdated, bathroom needs renovation. Buy your own shower gel (there s a walgreen at 2 mn walk).  We paid $800 for a 2 double bed 4 nights. Beds are small (full sz- not even queen sz). When you are usedcro sleeping in a king sz bed, you'll have backache after your journey for sure.  Breakfast: we booked for 2 adults and 2 teens and the vouchers given were only fir 2 adults. You need to pay for your kids:( So we decided to go to Starbucks across the street for 2 mornings.
bubble_10	We went on to this hotel thinking it was going to be a cheap and wonderful hotel. BUT we where wrong first of all the check-in was so late and we where on a early flight. Then we finally checked in and we where with the idea that the hotel room was going to be gorgeous until we got in, it was not as how the pictures looked like it was smelly, dirty and the worst thing was the bathroom it had blood on the walls and smelled bad as well. We where scared too. Why? would you say, well because we where beside the room 666 and on our right room there was a white, cheap looking door without door panel and it looked so scary. First we thought we where the only ones in this hotel floor and every single time we went to the room to leave or shopping bags the cleaning people was there! We
bubble_10	The check in line was VERY long with only two agents to check the people in.The first room that we were given was 224. It  smelled of mildew as soon as we opened the door. The lights from the huge neon sign outside shinned in, the rugs were torn, and the air conditioner did not work!. We slammed the door shut and went back to the lobby. The second room was 1578. This room was not much better, but it did not smell of mold, the air conditioner did work, the rugs were still torn, no stopper in the bathroom sink, the shower was awful, and the closet was totally weird, could not reach the hangers!.
bubble_40	Hotel is central to all attractions, subway and Amtrak. Room was spacious and comfortable although a bit dated.  Staff were friendly and helpful when called upon. We would definitely make use of hotel in future.
bubble_30	the location of the hotel is excelent, near of the most important seeing of manhatan such as empire states, rockfeller center, stores from 5th av. times square, penn station, and bus transit; services from hotel were quite enough; breakfast are continental and made outside of hotel (caffeterie) rooms are old (mine was upgraded to a refurbished after my complain).
bubble_50	Valentine, the Bellman was very helpful and friendly.  He efficiently held our bags until we could check in.  We found the reception staff friendly.  The room was clean and recently renovated.  We would stay there again!!
bubble_50	I had a third party booking problem and reservations got canceled. Maria B. At the front dest was very helpful and very nice. She helped us rebook a room with her and also help dilute a stressful situation. Cant thank her enough. Aloha from Hawaii.
bubble_50	The location is excellent, with it being a reasonable walking distance to many famous landmarks. If it is not within walking distance, the subway can be caught literally across the street.  The employees were all fantastic. The property was clean and the bed was comfortable. What more do you need?
bubble_40	The Hotel was in the perfect location for me.  It is just steps away from Penn Station, #1 train, around the corner from the N+R trains.  It is a few short blocks from Korea town where I had delicious Korean BBQ at New Wonjo restaurant which is open 24 hours.    The room was spacious and clean, but like the entire hotel could use a facelift.  The price of the room included breakfast which was good.   I would stay at the Pennsylvania Hotel again.
bubble_10	Don't stay here! Pennsylvania Hotel is in a great location. That's where the positives start and finish!! Our room was cramped, dark, dirty - dust building up in the corners and on the skirting boards. Paint is chipping and peeling off the walls. There was a leak in the ceiling, I presume from the floor above. The toilet bowl was cracked, the shower curtain mouldy. The room smelled musty - we bought air fresheners to hang in the room to improve the smell. There was hair in the bed - presumably the bed linen hadn't been changed after the previous occupant. Just yuck. Far too expensive at $300 per night average cost.  It doesn't have to be new - there's no excuse for it being dirty.
bubble_40	Very good stay. Excellent value renovated rooms are overly spacious and comfortable. Friendly and courteous staff, front desk,  luggage room and bell captains went above and beyond to make sure that your needs were met.   Would have given 5 stars but the amenities in the room were a little underwhelming. Single serving shower gel and shampoos run out during the middle of your bath. Once you realize that the size is so small it is too late to call housekeeping for extras. Supply was NOT replenished on my 2nd day. I'm sure that they would have sent more if I had called but a proactive restocking would have been better.  I don't want to overstate this small-scale cost saving drawback from what I would have given a 92 out of 100 score. BRAVO HOTEL PENNSYLVANIA.
bubble_30	The location of the hotel is excellent. As mentioned above, the staff was excellenet, They responded well to our needs particularly when a giant waterbug/roach ran out of the bathroom and jumped on our bed. The hotel operator immediately responded by contacting the exterminator, and we had no more unwanted visitors.
bubble_20	This old-fashioned hotel is set in time- long gone. The rooms have small beds- I didnt get a decent night in 6 nights and cleaning is minimal- just the bathroom and beds. No dusting or real cleaning is done. We saw a mouse in the corridor where ancient carpets cover long areas. Staff are helpful. Especially one who printed our boarding passes for me. The computer/internet room is so complex I couldnt log on. Having to go across the road for a skimpy breakfast was also bad.had to pay 10 dollars a day for a breakfast we shared. In the centre of Manhattan the hotel is full most of the time and gets away with its shoddy state.
bubble_20	Starting with the positives, fantastic location, and not to expensive, unfortunately thats all the good news. The rooms are mostly well below average. First room we were given was missing a curtain, the bed cloths were dirty and the walls were filthy. We asked to be moved, the second room was a little better but still not very clean or comfortable. Ive paid less for better hotels in NYC, so wouldnt recommend this hotel, there is better value with a little more walking involved but definitely a better choice out there.
bubble_20	Very old hotel, looks like the 10 floor upstairs has been renovated. The location is fantastic but everything else leaves something to be desired. I asked for the room change and they asked me for an additional $ 50.00 per night. absurd.
bubble_40	Right in the centre of Manhattan, loads going on locally and just across the road from MSG, very convenient location for tourists, was one of the cheapest options so couldnt complain with what we got, basic room but good facilities and friendly staff.
bubble_50	I can't ever say it enough: I LOVE THIS HOTEL!  It's affordable, it's in the center of everything, it's easy to get around, it's safe, it's wonderful!  This time I came in for a quick business conference on New York dirt laws and going back and forth to New Jersey seemed ridiculous so I said why not stay at my favorite hotel?  The rooms are better then ever!  All redone and I took some pictures to prove it.    Cannot wait to go back for a more social weekend!
bubble_50	Location is the best thing of this hotel. The room was not too big but enough for us, it was clean. Breakfast included was great, nothing to fancy but it helped you start the day. After reading so many bad reviews we were worried but we had a great experience, I recommend this hotel as its good value for money if you want to be in the heart of Manhattan
bubble_30	Was a little scared when I was booking this hotel because of the mixed reviews. I changed my booking from a classic room to a Penn 5000 hoping that I would get one of the renovated rooms as it was more expensive than the Penn Collection rooms. Dont be fooled by the fact Penn 5000s are bigger and include a refrigerator! Book the Penn Collection room for a clean, welcoming room. Thanks to Maria B for her kindness and open mind! If I were to come back in this hotel it would be because of her and I will surely book a Penn Collection room.
bubble_10	The manager was rude and uncaring about giving a key that is required to use the bathroom. Since check in is at 3pm. The room 1642, carpet dirty in hallway, door has metal coming of, then the real surprise---a mouse in the room. When back to the desk and requested a new room, given 919A-smaller with not refig like other room- but no mouse. I have never had a hotel experience like this!!!!
bubble_30	That was the first time I have stayed in such a big hotel (1,700 rooms!). The hotel is located at Manhattan's shopping district of 7th ave between 32nd and 33rd streets right across Madison Square Garden. Perfect location! The hotel has character as it's celebrating 100 years in 2019. The door of my room on 15th floor was still original! The only problem with my stay was the fact that the room was in need of a refurbishment. You can feel that the room is not clean at all. The bathroom was OK and very clean but not the room. The air conditioner was full of dust and the mattress had holes. I have stayed for 3 nights and the stewardess has cleaned the room only twice. The hotel has some refurbished rooms/floors they call Penn Plaza Collection. If you decide to stay at the
bubble_20	Stayed last week and it is an extremely convenient location right across from Penn Station and The Pennsy Food Hall.  But the convenience was offset but mainly negative experiences the rest of our stay.  While the rooms are being renovated, and we had an attractive room, the hallways and lower floors (luggage storage) are REALLY shabby, smelly, and stained.  The overall feel was that the hotel needs a deep cleaning and lots of touch ups. Hopefully these areas will be renovated soon, too.  The new mattresses are great and we slept well.  Our room did not have black out curtains or curtain liners, just sheer curtains, and was VERY bright and noisy with outside lights and traffic, so I recommend bringing a sleep mask and ear plugs.  Our room also did not match the online photos of
bubble_50	I booked my reservation online and when I arrived on site I checked in through the kiosk. The kiosk did not give me the room I booked, so I spoke with the manager-on-duty Carla and she quickly adjusted my reservation without any issue.  I also noticed on my check in with the kiosk that the rate was different than what I was quoted and again she adjusted it.  The staff in itself is amazing - bellhops, especially Carlos, help with all sorts of information to help your stay to be enjoyable.  The housekeeping and engineering staff, provide excellent services with room accommodations - extra linen, personal care items, a rollaway bed, etc.  My only dislike is that the breakfast that is included is offsite.  I have a longstanding customer of Hotel Pennsylvania and currently, they are
bubble_40	Really enjoyed my stay, the front desk and housekeeping staff were AWESOME, especially LUCE and the asian lady (can't remember her name) on 8th floor, they were really lovely, and helpful.  The front desk staff are overworked and handle the pressure well.. but there was almost ALWAYS a huge line at the front desk (finally at 6 am I was able to approach after 3 days of checking out the size of the lines!). I appreciate the room given to me, when i asked for one far from elevators, the noise level fine and slept pretty well. Also, the elevators were very full alot of the time, you couldn't even fit on them. The hotel is great, but so busy that i feel they should have more front desk staff, as there are always empty stations. The service was good, and the price was reasonable by
bubble_30	The hotel is celebarting its 100th anniversary and I was lucky to be placed in a renovated room.  It was lovely: attractive, a comfortable size, very clean, excellent bed.  I would have rated this visit higher if it had not taken 60 minutes on line to check me into my room at 11 p.m. Worth another visit. but please get more staff!
bubble_10	The summary of the stay would be the following. first room on the 5th floor, dirty, very dirty, the carpet stained with blood and the windows so gray that you could not see the outside. The bathroom very old and without renovation. The bath tub had the enamel jumped. Second room after the change, Floor 16. A rat, mouse or whatever broke the pocket of the backpack and ate a chocolate. We leave the hotel immediately. Breakfast is served elsewhere and the rows are eternal, not to mention that there is almost no space to sit. Very bad experience,
bubble_50	My partner and I recently had our first stay at the Hotel Penn and I must say we were pleased with the choice. The location of the property is very convenient as a major train station (Penn Station) is located directly across the street, this made it very easy and convenient to commute throughout the city which is a MAJOR plus for someone who isnt an experienced New Yorker.  The property has a mini store, coffee shop, and gift shop conveniently located in the lobby, and the hotel has access points on almost all 4 blocks on the perimeter of the property with an array of food choices, grocery stores, pharmacies, and shopping stores. We came in with the understanding that the hotel was an older New York hotel and thought we had a decent idea of what to expect. But, we were
bubble_20	Old hotel. Small outdated room. Long check in lines. Free breakfast is a joke. Long, long lines. Location is only redeeming feature. Needs to be totally upgraded or, better still, rebuilt. This hotel will ruin your New York experience.
bubble_10	I booked this hotel through priceline. Granted I was going for the lowest priced hotel I could find in New York that was central to where I want it to be and this hotel did fit the bill. That is the best thing I can say about the hotel it is a great location. The second best thing I can say about the hotel is the staff are very friendly. After that it was a terrible experience. The rooms are shabby dirty paint peeling the bed was soft as a marshmallow we sat in it practically folded into it. Continental breakfast was included however it was not in the hotel they give you vouchers you had to walk a half a block and go to this deli where are you got in a line much as you would if were at a soup kitchen and they were pulling the bagels out of cardboard boxes half frozen, with fruit
bubble_30	Not bad for NYC. All facilities avaible but not very clean. No Bible in the room. Staff mostly friendly and willing to help. However not enough counters to let all people to do their checkins. Overcrowded. Check-in kiosks working but useless. Some of them dead. Breakfast included but you have to walk to another building and see that only muffins croissant and a few pieces of watermelon there. If you need more, "upgrade" will cost additional $10 for you. Hotel has baggage room if you want to leave some bags downstairs. It cost $5.
bubble_20	The location of the hotel is within walking distance to Maddison Square Garden and Times Square. The breakfast tickets for each day was handy for a cup of Coffee, a Bagel and a cup of fruit however the restaurant was always packed and we found no where to sit on the 3 days we stayed. The door man advised of the $10 saving of using a yellow cab to the Airport over using Uber/Lyft as the yellow cabs charge a fixed $65 fee to JFK.. This is the second time staying at Hotel Pennsylvania however the room has a lot to be desired for. The last time we stayed at the hotel we paid a little more to stay in a newly renovated room but this time we chose a cheaper option and wish we hadn't. The room had holes on the walls and ceiling where plaster had come off. The bathroom was old and dated
bubble_50	I booked a room for Memorial Day weekend at the last minute, only to see the terrible reviews after I booked. It was too late to cancel the booking, and boy am I glad I couldn't. It was a great experience. Although the hotel is very busy, the staff were friendly and timely, the room was clean and very up to date for a 100 year old hotel. There are several shops in the lobby which make grabbing breakfast, coffee, or forgotten toiletries extremely convenient. But, what really makes the hotel shine is the wonderful location! This was my very first time in NYC and even in a city at all. The location made my visit to Manhattan easy to navigate and I felt safe walking the streets around the place at all hours. I will definitely stay here again.
bubble_50	Her personality is amazing, makes sure things are handled properly and has been very patient with me. I would come back to this hotel if I knew I was going to deal with her everytime! Shes AMAZING!!!
bubble_30	The hotel was just amazing, the beds are fabulous, the room service works and the best of all is the location, the hotel is near to everything, what makes easier to enjoy our trip. The only thing I have to complain, is the cleaning of the floor. But still is a good hotel.
bubble_20	This hotel seems to have different rules every year and for different people. My colleagues checked in  at the automated check in terminal and their credit cards were billed a $100,00 refundable incidentals fee (normal), which is refunded after 10 days, as stated on the terminal. I checked in at the check in desk and was charged per day an additional $35,00 facilities fee, state unit tax, facilities fee taxes and city occupancy taxes for a total of $131,01 on top of what I paid for my three day stay. We all booked online. When I explained everything to the person operating the automated checkin counter, I was told by this person that I was ignorant. I asked to speak with a manager and was told to go away. My colleagues and I have been staying at the Pennsylvania every year for
bubble_40	We really loved our stay here. The location is amazing, the room was great, very comfortable. We had everything we needed. I've stayed here a long time ago before it was renovated and I'm very happy with the changes they made. Alot of people stay at this hotel so it's wise to get going early, the wait for the elevator can be a little long.
bubble_10	Dirty, smelly and with mold in the cracked bath tub. Staff unfriendly. Stay away for this hotel, it will ruin your vacation! Fraudulent hotel, calling the department of sanitation to file a complaint.
bubble_50	The people were so great and helpful with information....a special mention to Bobby on the door...he was a star. Love you bobby xx  perfect location for all the main attractions and easy to get to. Lovely restaurants all within walking distance.
bubble_10	We chose this hotel due to its location and included 'breakfast'. Pictures online looked good. It wasn't the cheapest hotel by a long shot so we left feeling utterly ripped off.... Waited approximately 40 minutes to check in. Staff were miserable, uninviting and lacked any enthusiasm. You will spend half of your holiday waiting for the lifts. If you manage to find one of the staircases....  good luck finding your way out!  Clearly no investment has been made in the rooms for many decades, which would be fine if they were clean. Utterly Disgusting!!  Mould everywhere, fusty smell, if there was a good view you couldn't tell as the window hadn't been cleaned in years.  Stained carpet, alarming buzzing from the lights. Very noisy at night. For the included breakfast it's a walk down
bubble_10	Arrived at the hotel to a huge queue for checking in, there were 4 members of staff who were all miserable and didn't seem bothered about keeping us waiting. It took us roughly 30-40 minutes to check in after already travelling from the UK (they did not apologise for our wait). We then had to queue for the lift due to there being no obvious staircase. When we got to our room, there was a strong smell of air freshener which was probably to cover up the stench of the visibly dirty carpets. There's clearly been no investment in maintenance or modernization in the last 20 years. We were hugely dissapointed to see that the bathroom had mould in the corners around the bath and on the tiles. The ironing board didn't even have a cover - it was just a big dissapointed to see what we had
bubble_30	AC didn't work well and wait for elevators in the morning could be as long as 20 minutes. Otherwise,  room was ok and staff was nice. Location was great, plenty of restaurants and shopping in the area.
bubble_10	Where do I start.. Long lines at check in.. I'm taking about 30 minutes to get a room key at 11:30 pm... Really old rooms. Bathtub with cracked and peeling paint... Mold... Old dirty carpets... Air conditioning unit that blows cold air no matter what setting you choose.. Power outlets that are falling out of the walls and are a potential fire hazard...I don't have anything good to say except the location is good, right by Penn station.
bubble_10	I honestly question wether they cleaned the room at all before we checked in. The bedding had stains everywhere and the carpet reeked. I found dirty laundry under the bed too. Afterwards, I went to the lobby to kindly ask if we could get moved to a cleaner room. They told me I had to wait until the next day, but I was only staying one night. Not to mention that the employee in the counter had an attitude and was very impatient with my family that arent English-speakers.  My family ended up sleeping without the covers because of how dirty they were. Overall, I truly believe this place shouldnt even be able to operate. It simply isnt sanitary and needs better management. Please dont make the same mistake.  PS the images are from my visit (room 276)
bubble_50	We had an awesome woman check us in & upgrade us to the new part of the hotel. The room was beautiful with the charm of old New York, meaning theres touches of the old hotel too but mixed with modern amenities. The room was huge, comfy bed, big bathroom & lots of closet space. Thank you again so much to Maria B for hooking us up with an awesome room!
bubble_10	The lobby looks great, but once I checked in and went to my room, which there was no signage for so it took me a while to find it, I was disgusted. So dirty and damp. The smell of mold from the bathroom was so bad. Stains on the bed linen, a candy wrapper on the floor from a previous guest. Bed was so loud from old springs. Walls are paper thin. TV did not work. Never again.
bubble_40	First arrived our room was the Pitts , filthy carpets bedding etc, next morning we as to be moved spoke to Carla the manager at time was more then helpful to swap rooms. We went to watch fight hotel opposite msg , great location easy acces to numerous places would definitely stay again as long as In a upgraded room, nyc is a crazy place somemany random people to look at
bubble_10	There were 2 mice in my room and had to switch rooms at 3am. The room I moved to was so dirty it looked like it wasnt cleaned. Also the staff was not surprised that there was a mouse and was giving us a very hard time when we were checking out. I will never stay here again.
bubble_10	I booked w/ Booking.com for a Standard Room with 2 double Beds, and included continental breakfast.  Upon entering the room, I was picked to see the carpets so filthy that one couldn't safely walk on the in bare feet.  There was black hairs on the bathroom floors.  We did not get any face cloths and had only one hand towel.  I attempted to call the concierge but on one picked up. I did reach the hotel operator who had them send us the towels later in the day.  The walls were soiled as well.  I think it would be cleaned and more pleasant to be in a prison cell. I went to the desk to ask to ask for a clean room and was told that they knew the room was dirty.  All of the Standard Rooms are dirty. If you want a clean room that has been updated you need to pay an additional $57 for
bubble_40	After making our booking before we left Boston, we decided to check on trip advisor for guest reviews of the hotel. WTF?? Some were so alarming, stating cockroaches, rats & mice & filthy beds & bathrooms! We were extremely upset by this information but decided to go have a look anyway. We were VERY pleased with the PENN PLAZA COLLECTION room we were assigned. The room was very clean, the bed very comfortable & there were no complaints with the state of the bathroom! The reception staff were very pleasant & the servicing team were very pleasant & helpful. Recommended 100% A & J, Roxburgh, New Zealand
bubble_40	I come here almost every month for the last two years and Ive always been pleased more or less , as long as you get an upgraded room you are good to go. Unfortunately last time I was here I prepaid my reservation but I noticed on my cc statement when I checked out that I was charged again by the hotel this time,I called and spoke to a manager he apologized and said the front desk manager accidentally did it when he was checking me out and I will he refunded ASAP , fast forward to the next day there is yet another charge from the hotel as a third stay (for the same prepaid stay) I called spoke to another manager and he was extremely rude as if I had done something wrong , now when Im here I always see the employees and even the managers getting rude with clients except for
bubble_20	Great location, very dated and basic, nothing like what see on the website, smell in room, light switch to closet was a dirty piece of string hanging, no mirror in room except in bathroom, toilet seat loose, shelf not level so had to be careful what you put on otherwise items would fall in sink/toilet, standing in shower felt like you were standing on sand very gritty, 1 table and chair which were scratched and chipped, no information booklet letting you know amenities in and around hotel and area, breakfast cafe was very chaotic, you have your breakfast but hard trying to find a seat, food was ok. Asked at reception for extra pillows for which we never received. Checkout was 11am, 5 dollars a bag to put in luggage room, once you have checked out  the only public toilet was on
bubble_30	The hotel is very outdated and I can't believe it got the good ratings that caused  me to book a room there.  The staff was excellent and was the brightest part of our stay.  There are no restaurants nearby, and we had to walk quite a distance to find one.  The neighborhood was not pleasant either, but the Mexican restaurant we found was awesome, both the food and the people.
bubble_50	We booked in on a cheaper room, which would have made our stay an awful one! We upgraded to a better room and it was the best thing we did as it made the holiday. we have been here before and I assume that all poor rooms will be refurbished to a reasonable state in future - it's a big hotel. Apart from long checking in queues the hotel is convenient for just about anything and is a lively place to stay. Don't waste time on the meal concession vouchers though. If you upgrade I hope you are attended to by Bettie T-- she's great !!!!!
bubble_30	I stayed at the Penn for 1 night  Huge hotel . Rooms are basic & it is value for money especially for travelers with a tight budget Breakfast was included but on arrival , they gave a breakfast coupon to have a breakfast at a place outside the hotel in the alley neayby
bubble_10	The hotel has a great location, walk distance to all the tourist area of NYC. Also some clubs in downtown area, however the room was dirty, and kind of smelly. Also the ac wasnt working, and for the price I paid for my stay I dont think its worth it.
bubble_30	Hotel is 'tired'.  No hairdryer . Room cold . Carpet in room stained.  Don't book theatre tickets, paid $149.00 for Book of Mormon Tickets turned out to have face value of $99. When questioned st hotel they just couldn't care.
bubble_40	We couldn't have asked for a better location for our stay in New York  It's very central and suited us perfectly   The hotel itself could probably do with a revamp and the lobby staff are not the quickest or happiest!  But apart from that the overall hotel was good  I've put the sleep quality as poor, but that is due to the location being in a noisy area and the windows are exactly triple glazed!
bubble_30	We visited here for the first leg of our honeymoon, checked in no problems (we just missed the huge lines at reception) asked to upgrade they obliged for a cost of $450, got to our room, very unimpressed!!!! Went back to reception to inquire what my extra $450 had got me exactly!!!! Changed room, it was the same as the previous but with a bit more floor space, still not sure what warranted the extra $450, went back to reception finally moved to the 17th floor, room was much better, bed was comfy and big, views were good too. Breakfast is served over the road, (a bagel and a coffee) unless you upgrade to the buffet and pay extra, BUT.... do that and its really hard to find somewhere to sit, Cafe R gets very busy and if you get there later (breakfast is served 6:30 - 10:30) there
bubble_10	I checked out May 13 at 8am.  I have yet to receive my security deposit back.  I was told the deposit was $100.00 it was actually $205.00. I tried calling the hotel left several voice messages and emailed several times.  NO ONE has returned my calls or emails.
bubble_30	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, for the price it ticks all the boxes, its in a great location right opposite MSG and across the rd from the subway (trains), very close to Macys. We had a king bed room on the 11th floor, in one of the Penn Plaza rooms which has been renovated, the space and room was satisfactory. They cleaned our room daily, the staff were polite and accommodating to our needs. My only issue was that you had to pay for your luggage to be held in the luggage room for the day at a cost of $5 dollars per case, regardless of the size. We would defo recommend and stay again at this hotel for its location and price. This hotel irrespective of the reviews went over and beyond our expectations, thank you....
bubble_40	Perfect location opposite MSG lovely helpful receptionist Maria B looks after all your needs a little noisy during the night but overall great value for money I would recommend this hotel for any performances at MSG
bubble_10	Worst ever experience took the kids TO NYC for a once in a lifetime trip. Our first room was filthy and had a rotten smell. Our 2nd room was a little better but we had a visitor a mouse ! 3rd room upgrade to 17th floor fully refurbished clean and modern room finally customer service shocking they couldn't care less. Nothing offered not so much as a complimentary coffee. Would not recommend unless you are guaranteed one of the newer rooms.only positive is location.
bubble_40	Fabulous location. Directly across the street from Penn Sration. Beds comfortable. Hotel is very old and rooms not modern. However, very reasonably priced for Manhattan and they do give  continental breakfast. You get fruit with a side of yoghurt, choice of bagel, croissant, muffin or Danish and choice of coffee or juice.  Not bad. I would stay there again.
bubble_30	The room was fine. Its a shame the state of the hallways in the floor of the room. Its a very beatifull building, but needs paint in the hallways. The bath needs some repairs, but i like the style. The line for check in and out its so long some times (40 minutes in the check inn. In the check out no problems). The rest good. Regards
bubble_30	After reading trip advisor reports i was anxious about this hotel, however location is the best possible , we were going to an event at maddison square gardens,  the room was quite old and tired , however clean , comfortable beds , exvellent shower with plenty of hot water , goid hairdryer, so over all we were happy.
bubble_10	Well it was basic to say the least, could have been cleaner and glad it was me and a mate not me and the wife. Foyer was deceptive, quite glossy but the rooms were dated and not a match.  If you want cheap and not particularly cheerful, this is the place to stay.   Staff we dealt with were great, particularly Anne on Reception.
bubble_30	We just came back from New York and spent a week at Pennsylvania Hotel. We got a room in the 9th floor. Room isn't very big but it was very confortable. It had a bid modern tv, and both beds were very confortable. The bathroom could be better, had terrible shower. It was very noisy all the times and in the night you could hear cars, ambulances..etc We were lucky that we arrived at 3 am and we didn't have to wait for check it. The queues are awful all the time. They had a lounge on the 9th floor with some sofas, a tv and a big table so it was very handy. We got a continental breakfast but be aware isn't at the hotel, you have to go out and turn left and you get it in a caf on the same street and every day was the same thing. The location is the best of this place as you are
bubble_10	I've stayed in a Super 8 in North Georgia better than this place. 45min check in line, renovations without progress, paint peeling from the walls baseboards and doors, baggage area freaking sketchy, feel the springs in mattress...absolutely a CRAP hotel, less than 1 star!  But... the location was great.
bubble_40	We made a reservation for two but changed just two days in advance for an extra bed. Nice and easy sevice and an excelent room. And the location couldnt be better! Real quick check-out procedure made it even better.
bubble_30	We arrived at the hotel at midnight after a twelve hour bus ride from Toronto. The queue to check in was very long. It took us 55 minutes to get to the counter. They gave us an "upgrade" for waiting so patiently. This enabled us to have a room on the 17th floor, overlooking the Empire State building, which was lovely. However, the room had very sheer curtains and no blinds, so it was very light 24/7. The bathroom was large but because it was designed to accommodate disabled persons, there was nowhere to place toiletries. The clothes hanging rail was very low and there was no fridge or tea/coffee making facilities. The location was fantastic but unfortunately that was the only pro.
bubble_10	Unarguably the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I ask if theres a pool and they tell me yes, and the hours. I get there, and its been under reconstruction for weeks. Wish I knew that! I asked if there was a complimentary breakfast. Hence, complimentary. I had 4 people in my room, and youre only allowed 2 breakfast vouchers for the 3 days I stayed so we all basically ate for free one day. The breakfast voucher only allows one cup of juice/coffee, a crappy bagel already cream cheesed, and a sour fruit cup. They didnt care to mention that you must pay $10.99 for the actual buffet breakfast. I want to know why only 2 people are allowed to eat if its a 4 person room? Not very nice, or complimentary. Last but absolutely certainly not least, the pictures of the hotel online
bubble_50	I just got back from the city and the hotel pennsylvania after staying for a night. We all traveled to see the fight at Madison Square and this hotel is literally across the street. The line for checking in took some time but the room had an awesome view of the garden. It was clean and comfortable. The cleaning ladies Ping and Narsa asked that we give 5 stars! They deserve it great service.
bubble_30	Renewed rooms: YES Not renewed rooms: NO (unless you want to be in a centric hotel knowing you will find a room from 1920)  We got a not renewed room in 3rd floor. Radiator did not work and there was cold air coming from next room (it came trough a door that time ago connected both rooms).  We told this to the manager.  She changed our room for a renewed one and was very good. Big bed, new furniture and sensation of cleanliness.  If you can get a renewed room, this hotel can be a non-pretentious perfect option.
bubble_10	The hotel is situated in a great location, however I would never book there again. I never do negative reviews but am making an exception for this one. Stayed in room 818a for 4 nights. The walls had paint pealing off most of the walls, every bit of furniture was bashed up and damaged. The chair had even been chewed by a dog. The hinges were rusted, the plug socket didnt work, neither did the phone and the cold water tap didnt stop leaking. The ironing board was missing and despite asking, it never materialised. However the the bed was comfortable and the shower was powerful and worked, was a shame the tiles were cracked and grout missing. The breakfast was the biggest disappointment, not even in the hotel (down the street)and really poor. It has such potential, a few small
bubble_50	Hotel is incredible well located in center of Manhattan close to the best attractions and famous places. I highly recommend it to those who dont want to spend too much time walking or taking taxi. New York is the best to know the heart of USA.
bubble_50	This is an older hotel I have stayed at in the past and not used for a while. This was a great stay! The room I booked had been updated and was attractive, very clean, and spacious for NYC. The staff was very helpful and pleasant with any questions. I arrived early and was able to leave my bag for a $5 fee which a must if you have somewhere to be.  Cafe' R an international food court is within a block for food and was a perfect option after a long day. There are spacious common areas on each floor, a nice option for meeting associates. The subway is across the street so you can get anyway thanks to the central location. As with other reviewers the only hitch was the checkin. If you are in line the current guests interrupt the staff with questions or issues increasing the wait. I
bubble_50	someday I may have a room with a view, but not the most important thing in life :), good location, across from Penn Station, many food choices in the area, all transportation options, many tourist attraction's within walking distance.
bubble_40	I had received nightmare reviews of this place from colleagues who stayed previously including mice in bedrooms and corridors. Pleased to say I did not experience this but instead had a pleasant stay.  All I would say hotel is very busy so check in is slow and you can spend a lot of time in the lifts. However my room was clean and everything was adequate.  Its main strength is the excellent LOCATION.
bubble_40	This is my fourth stay at the Pennsylvania.  Bean in mind it is a very old hotel and this time I was in a room that had not been refurbished.  But it was clean, adequate, quiet and included breakfast at the nearby Caf R.  For what I paid I was totally satisfied with the place, particularly given its history and superb position in the city. My only criticism was that it took me 45 minutes to check in after a long haul flight at a time which for me was 4.00 a.m.  They need more staff on the desks as there is always a queue at whatever time of the day you are in the lobby.
bubble_40	This is a great place to stay if you don't care too much for amenities. It was a great place to sleep after a long day in New York and i was walking distance to various places. So my friends were very pleased on the location. The customer Service was great when we had a small problem with our A/C Unit. They brought us extra towels and sheets when we asked for it.   The maid named, Valerie is my only complaint. She was a very nasty and lazy woman. in my opinion, a hotel room does not need to be cleaned everyday. My friends and did not want our room cleaned and Valerie was thrilled. She showed me that she was extremely lazy and kept telling me to dial *35 on the hotel phone do she could get a $15 quote. We just wanted fresh towels for the first 2 days of our visit. On the third
bubble_40	I have stayed there 4 days. It was good time for me. Hotel is real old. That is good charm) i though I was in 1930 years) and big plus its real downtown Manhattan) in generally its good place. I recommend!)
bubble_10	The outside and entrance to the hotel do not match the rooms you stay in. The bathroom floor is tiled but is all cracked and the window does not shut properly so its freezing and very loud. The room itself has not been cleaned, stains all over the carpet and large marks on the wall big chips of paint missing. Bath had dirt and hairs in it with bits of plaster from the ceiling all in it. No bath plug either. Bedding had no pillow cases or duvet cover? Only good thing was the large tv. No actual lock on bedroom door either, just a latch that lets the door half open. Hour long que to check in that didnt actually move for twenty minutes due to 2 members of staff on the desk while the manager stood around. Complained to her and got checked in but had to beg her to check my friend
bubble_10	Do not stay, reviews are truly unable to reflect the smell on the 7th floor corridor to the room, 760,I have never experienced such awful fowl conditions in all of the USA ever. Unbelievable!!! I am in shock that such an iconic building and location can dare to charge for such a despicable room the smell leading to the room was horrific!!!! upon entering the room the smell got even worse it got so bad we had to keep the door open!!! If I knew how to report to public health I would !!!!!!
bubble_40	We stayed 3 nights and for the price was perfect very Central Old but clean and tidy Massive tv. We had a very nice time and would stay again the price is very reasonable for a room in midtown. Plus a Stones throw from the Empire state where I proposed and My Darling Fiance said yes. Thank you. Only gripe asked for extra pillows 4 times not delivered to room but that's it Thank again.
bubble_30	Friendly staff & quick to resolve problems but overall the room we was put in was very dated, the bathroom door didnt fit the frame or shut, very thin walls. I have also never had to pay to leave my luggage in a secure place after checkout.
bubble_20	One night room rate was advertised at $152.00.  Upon arrival there was a "Disney" line of 35-40 waiting to check in with only 2 counter personnel (poor management of scheduling).  Nearing the 3 PM check in time the counter personnel increased to 5.  It took at minimum 5 minutes to check in new guests, most took longer.  Spent a hour in line.  When I got to check in they added the hotel's $40 service fee.  With all the other taxes and fees already added, my $152 room was $229.  Room was typical New York small but clean and the bed was OK.  They have a luggage storage room that charges $5 per article from 7 AM to 7 PM (no overnight storage allowed).  Won't go through hassles like this again.
bubble_30	The room was very small and not properly cleaned. The window was not clean, but it was covered with a thick layer of dust on the outside. The same with the carpet on the floor. The sink was suddenly clogged 2 days before our deprture.  Fortunately we were out of the hotel most of the time and only came at night to sleep, so it was not so terrible.
bubble_50	My husband and I had planned on attending our family reunion in NC for that weekend , however duty called and we had to change our plans last minute , well we went online and search for our Plan B and we ended up here at the Hotel Penn, we did not know what to expect due to the reviews that we read so our fingers were crossed and all Prayers had been prayed for a great experience please Lord and Boy did he answer our prayers for sure , when we arrived the line was not long and the Hotel entrance was very nice so I was happy about that no doubt , ww had a few questions so my husband decided to get in line , and when we were called upon we met a really nice down to earth customer service rep named Maria B who had informed us that check in was at 3:00PM ,she asked for our names and
bubble_20	I travelled to NY with my wife and two girls for the BTS concert.  We were aware that this is hotel is rated with two stars, that it is around 100 years old, and that is has one of the lower rates in the area, but we decided to go anyway because it is conveniently located just across Pennsylvania Station and at walking distance to major sites of interest.  This review it to give fellow travelers an idea of what to expect.  Being one of the hotels in NY with largest quantity of rooms, it is clearly understaffed.  Prepare for really long lines both during check-in and check-out, all day long.  Our flight to NY was delayed and instead of arriving at 11 pm, we arrived at 4 am next morning, and our booked room -one of the newly renovated ones- was not available any more.  After one
bubble_10	I booked ticket form cancelOn site, when i checked in, hotel person given first surprise to pay tax $40 per night. said that it is not included what i paid when i booked it from cancelon site.  Second surprise, room was very small and not properly cleaned.  Third surprise, No bath towel in bathroom, when i tried to call for towel phone was not working.  My recommendation is try to get other Hotel near this if avalable.
bubble_30	There are pluses and minuses here. Definitely upgrade or dont complain. The staff generally bent over backwards to help us. The upgrade was ok, but still needs work. Towel rack was off the wall, literally, the paint and patch job was terrible. Blood stain on my pillow and paint on the curtains. The king bed and pillows were magnificent and comfy and Im fussy. Great view and clean windows. Little touches needed. Garbage from previous guests was behind the garbage can and under the bed. Housekeeping, bellman( the fellow with the salt and pepper hair was an angel . When I forgot my cane in the room, all loaded down, he ran up to get it!) , front desk, were amazing. Security is lax and we were never asked to show our key despite the sign, though I doubt we gals looked threatening.
bubble_30	Check in date : 26th May 2019 , around 8pm NYC time and the staff name Ann .The receptionist asked me if Im alone and Ive been told that she will give me a king size bed instead of double single room , she mentioned a nice and new room but once I get into the room and it just a small old room with single bed  , I was unhappy and brought all my luggage and went down since she said if theres any problem can approach her . The checkBy time when I arrived the counter and she looked at me with a smiling face and said is given by the other officer , not her fault . I felt like being fools at that moment and really unhappy because shes seen knew thats gonna happen .First of all she shouldnt told me that is a king size room and renovated room ; secondly she shouldve just make an
bubble_50	We had a very nice stay for a week, its so convenient and the room was nice , new carpet, and very clean. For a classic hotel in Midtown- its great. The continental breakfast was great, the muffins are delicious. Would definitely recommend this hotel!
bubble_30	First I would like to say, location is EVERYTHING!!!!  Also, as we know it is a very old hotel (100 years old).  With that said there are a lot of renovations that need to take place on most floors.  My first room was not on a renovated floor, but still I could tell housekeeping tried really hard to make the room as pleasant as it could be.  However, during our second night in the hotel we discovered a severe mold issue.  The manager, (Sean, Shaun, or Shawn- I do not know which way he spell his name) was very nice!  He was very apologetic and professional.  I like I told him, "I get it" because it is a very old building.  He moved us to one of the renovated rooms and it was the complete opposite of the first room!  The room was absolutely beautiful.  We did not have any issues
bubble_10	very rundown. Day service was good. Night service bad. Rude at night if you needed extra towels. We had 4 guests got 2 washcloths each day. I will stay there again. This was my 2nd visit. clean as it can be considering the condition. Hallway carpet on the 4th floor was really bad
bubble_30	The stay was good but the roll on bed was very old and used since you could feel every little spring. It was very uncomfortable. Thankfully I was too tired at night, to think about it too much.   Maybe its time to upgrade them or put a comfortable cover with foam or cushion.
bubble_30	The location is excellent and everything was better than I expected despite of the poor reviews. Its a bit old but in good shape. Also the included continental breakfast at R Cafe is really good. My only complaint is the personnel attitude, most of them are not willing to help the customers, theyre kind of rude and do not have a good customer service attitude, especially one of the girls at the front desk and a guy at the captain bell desk. Except for Mary B she was awesome during the check in.  I would recommend you to improve your customer service and also improve the returning of the deposit which is still on hold with my bank after a week of checking out.
bubble_30	We had a lovely visit it was scary at first because they placed us in someones elses room but they corrected that quickly !!! I would stay there again I must say! We didnt do the continental breakfast because it wasnt convenient really! And plus we slept late!!
bubble_30	The room doesn't look at all like in the pictures. It is clean but all the furniture is old, the carpet and the walls have lots of spots. Is a good hotel regarding the position, it is close to Metro, Penn station so it is easy to visit Manhattan
bubble_40	the hotel is older,but very clean, and centrally located to all the things to do in New York City. The breafast buffet is awful and they have found the rudiest people in New York to serve it. the hotel staff was very pleasant. the maintanence people very slow to fix a small problem/clogged toliet more than 6hrs to fix it!! My highest rating to Maria B an the front desk she helped us above and beyond and deserves a five star rating!!. If your looking posh and exquiste decor this isn't your hotel if you're looking for friendly service and moderate price this is a great choice !!!!!!!
bubble_10	The plus: location. Half a block from penn station, the manhattan mall and Macys, Madison square garden just a 10 min walk away and great connections to midtown, downtown and NJ.   Breakfast: they say they include breakfast but you have to pay to get a full breakfast. The complimentary breakfast is more like a snack. Also breakfast isnt served in the hotel, you have to go walk out into a cafe which is fine when the weather is good.   WiFi: costs $20. Most other places in NY offer free WiFi. This hotel tries to stuff you at every turn with added costs.   Customer service: extremely poor. My bathroom light never worked and no one bothered to fix it during my three night stay. The lines at the front desk are always very long except for very early morning and very late evening.
bubble_30	Located right across Penn Station, its location is its best selling point. Really convenient for travelers for sightseeings and business in town.  Building and facilities are a bit old. The corridors are a bit dark, as well as the carpets, tile, etc. Elevators during rush hours are a nightmare. If you stay on lower levels, just use the stairs.  Staff are friendly, at least during our visit. The lobby has some upgrades, such as electronic check-in and check-out. Really saved a lot of time for us.  Our room is quite large, with good lighting. The in-room amenities are quite bare though.  One complaint: there is no 'do not disturb' sign in the room. We don't need room service everyday, and had to put a hand-written note on the door.
bubble_10	We stayed at Penssylvania hotel and they charged us for $250 without explanaition. This is a charge we didn't accept and we didn't spend and is beyond the deposit. We haven't receive any answer from them and we expect a long time between lawyers. DO NOT RESERVE THIS HOTEL!!
bubble_40	Some improvements needed in the room: paint peeling on baseboard, bathtub is stained & porcelain needs to be resurfaced, ceiling needs repair- there are patches that are ready to fall, more than one chair in the standard room w/3 twin beds would be nice. Location was great. They did mess up my reservation when I first arrived & standing in line for 1 hour was not pleasant.
bubble_20	This is principally a doss house with no facilities apart from bedrooms. There is no bar lounge, no restaurant - you have to go out to a nearby cafe for breakfast, it is extremely busy with limited staff. I had to queue for over half an hour to check in. You get what you pay for and its only virtue is that it is cheap
bubble_10	Customer service was rude.They won't allow check in before 3pm and ask 5USD/bab to keep luggage. No Wifi information during check in. They will ask you to call later from room to get wifi details,and they will respond very rude over phone.Free breakfast is terrible and no onsite restaurant. You need to walk to the another cafe to avail Complementary breakfast(one pastry,fruits and yoghurt,one small drink).you will have to pay extra to the cafe to get hot buffet breakfast.King bed is size of a twin bed.No extra pillows,blankets provided.only good thing is the location,otherwise not worth with the service they provide.
bubble_10	This is the worst Hotel I've ever stayed!!! It doesn't even deserve 1 star, it's so dirty, the attention is horrible, the shower had fungus everywhere, our door didn't close so they stole from us and inside the room are MOUSES!! WORST EXPERIENCE EVER, this hotel should be ban.
bubble_30	Overall, the Hotel Pennsylvania is a nice hotel.  My stay there was pleasant.  Room is a bit small however and my room was right across a flickering neon light that was going on and off all night while trying to sleep.   Somewhat small shower.   What made it pleasant however, was being in New York City and seeing some of the sights in the area.
bubble_50	Nice stay and enjoyed the city as always. An affordable hotel at very central part of Manhattan NY. Easy to Uber around and found new great places to eat. And of course, still visit our favorite coffee shop, Irving Farmer next to NYU.
bubble_40	The Hotel is not the most modern hotel on the strip and requires some attention ! The staff where amazing and friendly. If you just looking for a place to sleep this Hotel can work. Not a Hotel room you want to spend the whole day in.
bubble_10	Expensive price for a room condition that was run down and filthy/dirty (I did not take my shoes & socks off in the room), old & uncomfortable matteesses, and long long wait times (45+ minutes) at front desk - even for answering short questions.  Free (offsite) breakfast experience crowded and uncomfortable.  Overall bad first impression of NYC  for our European guests. We will not ever return, no matter what level of renovation is promised.
bubble_10	Hello ,  The experience on this hotel was horrible , it took 2 hours just to check in . Unacceptable for any client to be waiting this long specially coming out of a plane and a road trip . This hotel needs to be manage better , DONT EVER LET YOUR CLIENTS STAY HERE !!!!
bubble_20	I booked the Penn 5000renovated room 2 months in advance (March) The room I received was very old (located on the 12th floor) The walls were dirty, cracks in the ceiling, and the linen had brown stains and human hair on it. I would advise before booking online to take a screen shot of the room and reservation you actually booked.
bubble_30	We liked the hotel and the location, but we were very disappointed with the check-in time. We arrived at the hotel around 10PM and only got into our room around 11:45PM. There were only 2 customer service at the desk and every check-in looked like it took forever. During our 4 night stay we saw the same long line at check-in every time we walked past. They either have to employ more people or get the check-in procedure shortened. Never experienced this in any other hotel and no apologies were offered. Room was spacious, but dated and our A/C was not working properly. No coffee machine, which we always like to have for the mornings.
bubble_50	I just want to thank Hotel Pennsylvania staff especially customer service MARIA B and our front desk bell guy CARLOS. They both provided amazing service and went above and beyond to make sure we got what we needed. All the staff were honestly pleasant and i would definitely stay again in the future.  The location was amazing and the area was perfect. Rooms were average 3star but the hotel over all with location and staff was perfect...  Thank you Hotel Pennsylvania from Toronto Canada
bubble_50	The newly renovated Penn 5000 rooms are spacious and clean. The room, for three people did only have one king size bed though. We could pay extra for a roll-out bed but found that the king size bed was wide enough for three friends who sleep without moving too much. We stayed 4 nights and also enjoyed the location near Penn station and Korea town.
bubble_30	Stayed at hotel Pennsylvania for a 4 days. We had a great time exploring the city and being so close to everything was a bonus. The house and the room were old but clean and comfortable. Breakfastwas a little confusing - where and how to upgrade it.
bubble_10	This is a very dirty hotel.First of all you have to wait forever at the reception to get a room.The staff seems bored and bothered.We did get great service from our receptionist.They tell you to use your safe in your room but its not working.Calling security to fix it wont help cause they dont bother coming.They expect you to patiently wait for them to come to you somwherer between 9-15:30.......Yeah...That wont happen!Im on vacation!!!Dont come here!Still not sure if the wi-if is free!!!
bubble_30	Room booked for 3 adults turned out to be for two. So an extra bed had to be fitted in at extra expense, leaving little floor room. Good central location in midtown. Check-in and -out took a long time - not enough staff for this. Overall ok, but does not exceed it's 2-stars.
bubble_50	Stayed at hotel Pennsylvania for a long weekend.  We had a great time exploring the city and being so close to everything was a bonus. The service was great and so were our accommodations. I would definitely recommend Hotel Penn and will be returning for more NYC adventures.
bubble_10	Large hotel with a lovely lobby  large check in desk but only 2 staff  we arrived at 10 pm after a long journey and queued until midnight for our rooms   It was a disgrace  there were automatic check in stands but they did not work   The manager and staff don't care whatsoever about the customers as long as the cash keeps coming in  The room was awful  old carpet wrinkled  a lamp 6 foot from the bed  heating unit full of rust and the bathroom UNBELIEVABLE  enamel flaking off the bath  toilet had moved to an odd angle not quite white towels and the door jams were filthy
bubble_50	Perfect location perfect price, no complaints!! super busy! But I am a country girl so what do I know :-) definitely would recommend and definitely will stay again.  The staff was very courteous as was the housekeeping comfortable mattress. No fancy channels on the TV and the Wi-Fi costs money but other than that everything was perfect! Who needs Wi-Fi and tv on vacation go out and see the city!
bubble_50	I stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania in April for a business trip. I was very pleased. I travel a lot and this was one of my best experiences. The room was clean the personnel was friendly I will be definitely returning to Hotel Pennsylvania
bubble_50	I recently visited New York and stayed at the Pennsylvania.The location was perfect for getting to the trains and Penn station. I booked one of the new rooms on the 9th floor overlooking Madison Square Garden! It was clean,spacious, comfortable bed and all the amenities that you need like shampoo and mouthwash. Lovely hotel. I will definitely stat again when visiting New York.
bubble_30	Hotel Penn is in a great Location right in front of Madison Square Gardens and Penn Station/Subway. Walking distance to Times Square (approx 5 mins). The Hotel is currently in process of being upgraded and our room had not yet been done ( it is a huge old NY hotel so will take some time to complete). The room clearly needs refurbished but it was clean and functional. Daily maid service with clean bedding and towels. It was one of the few places that could accommodate a family of 5 for a reasonable cost- we had 2 rooms with a shared bathroom. Reception always has a que day and night with people checking in and out. Huge thanks to Stephanie at the tourist info desk who gave us lots of information and advice on avoiding the tourist traps.
bubble_40	Nice spacious 7 clean room, with an excellent view. Shower (water pressure) good be better, but not too bad. Nice comfortable bed. Don't go for the breakfast, this was very poor. Rather walk a few blocks and get fresh bread with good coffee.
bubble_40	We stayed 4 nights at the hotel.. receptionist Maria B was more then helpful!! Great location!! Highly recommended! Across the street from Madison Square Garden and only blocks from Time Square! Lots of subway options!
bubble_50	I was lucky that Ms Maria M at the checkin counter was available. She is a very eficient person, and knows haow to handle guests and difficult situations. She was an excellent help in sorting out our checkin and assigning us a room. It would be good to have more employees like her
bubble_30	The floor we were on was outdated, walls damaged and the lighting was horrible. The line to check in almost took an hour. Continental breakfast was the worst Ive ever had.  But all of the employees were AMAZING!
bubble_10	Hi, me and my boyfriend stayed at the hotel Penn for two weeks and we paid a lot for our stay. The cleanliness of  the room was very poor, dust was literally all over the furniture. One night there was some road work going on which started around 23:00 and lasted until 04:00 am. When we called the manager Mr. Raymond regarding the room move he told us to contact the council that there is nothing he can do. Upon the check-in the receptionist did not mention that  the 100 euro deposit you pay will be released from your card in 10 working days - after you check-out. So we couldn't spend that money on our last day due to this blockage. Upon the check-out the receptionist was very unprofessional and her service was very poor. She did not let us talk at all when we tried to say
bubble_30	Hotel location and staff were great.  Thanks for the kiosk check in because the line at the desk was way too slow.  the room was very much in need of upgrades in every area. the carpet  was half clean and really old/worn
bubble_10	this was the worst place I ever stayed at the hotel room was dirty the room smoke detector battery was dying so it kept beeping throughout the night they don't put you in the new rooms they make you pay an extra $50 for that they overcharged me and their customer service sucks don't stay here ever the room was freezing cold you couldn't turn on the heat the covers the bed looks filthy the carpets in the room are filthy it had a smell in there that smell old and moldy worst place ever I wouldn't recommend this place to no one
bubble_30	Why don't u guys update your bathrooms.   The tub and sink were cracked.   There is mildew in the bathroom.   We didn't get any washcloths - WHY NOT?   This was my second stay at your hotel.   The room size was awesome.
bubble_20	Hotel location was perfect, right across the street from Penn Station. Everything else was subpar. Walking into hotel room was like walking into the 60's. Bathroom had rust stains, hot water didn't work. Wouldnt stay longer than one night.
bubble_40	Room was great. Lovely view of the Empire State Building morning & night. Hotel was busy most of the time. Required more staff for check-ins or check-outs. Room only lacked a door stopper for the bathroom door so that the bathroom was drying out due to moisture.
bubble_20	The location was great and the staff was great (mostly).  The location was perfect for visiting NYC and being able to get around.  It is across from Madison Square Garden and a block from Penn Station.  There are subway entrances across the street.  Once We learned how this worked it was easy to get around the city.  The Hotel advertises a free continental breakfast with your stay.  We had four guests (for three nights) and they gave us a total of six vouchers for our stay.  Not the twelve we should have received.  The man at the desk at check in said you can come back to pick up more later.  we tried that and then wore told no.  Only two vouchers prepay regardless of how many guests are staying.  Yes false advertising on their website.  The vouchers were for a very busy place
bubble_10	I paid for one of the Penn 5000 rooms, when I arrived and checked in I was given my key and went to the room. It was not the Penn 5000 room and was horribly run down. I went back down to the desk to let them know there was a mistake and the lady said I would have to talk to the manager who was nice but informed me there were no Penn 5000 rooms available but would put me in one that was nicer. Still not what I paid for but was at least recently renovated. They have given me no compensation for the downgrade. Overall the hotel is old, but not terrible. The elevators are slow, and the rooms are not very sound proof so you can hear street noise and anyone in the hallway. I would be happy if they would at least give me what I had paid for or some type of compensation.
bubble_40	My family and I checked in. We had an amazing view of the Empire State Building and a clean, large room. You cant get a better price for the location. The shower pressure was amazing!!! Just saying lol Check in did take a while but I dont think you can expect it to be fast with such a large hotel in a very busy part of NYC. Employees were very friendly and I enjoyed talking to them.   The only complaint I have is that there was this think on the mattress that had a whole lot of hair on it but Im not sure if that was the purpose of this piece or not. It wasnt a big issue though.  All in all, it was a great stay!
bubble_30	Much improved from the last time I stayed here, probably 10 years ago, when my room did not have hot water and I had to move to another room. My favorite aspect was that I could open the window in the bathroom to get some fresh air. Of course, that meant I also heard a lot of noise. I was in 814A so at some distance from the street.   I could easily roll my suitcase from Penn Station directly to the hotel! And they gave me two drink coupons good at two local bars and two coupons for continental breakfast at Cafe R - very good.   The bed was fine and the closet was large. The bathroom was fine for one person. The room started out as $130/night and ended up at $190/night with all the taxes, but that's NYC.
bubble_10	I write this review to Gene the manager who seems to replay to comments here and suggest that we try the new Penn plaza rooms.well iv been to a lot of hotels and this is the worst by a long way.me or my family are no way fussy but this place is unreal.1 hour wait to check in after a 7 hour flight from Ireland then to arrive in room 211 to find  a mouldy room with doors that have been closed up but yet you can hear every movement from both sides.the mattress torn and covered in yellow stains and springs bulging out.no towel in the room yes no towel.dust and bad smells all around the room.plugs didnt work and shower was cold.doors are wore out completely and the worst part of all the key cards stopped working and on 5 or 6 times we had to go down to reception to get a new card
bubble_30	The hotel was very convenient based on location to Penn Station. The rooms was very clean. The bathroom extremely small. My wife said she had to put her makeup on the toilet seat. The other issue would be the website, The hotel list a upscale bar and a restaurant on site. After checking in we went to find it in hopes of a drink and small bite to eat before leaving for the show. The bellhop informed us that they closed down about 4 months ago. In the end not the worst thing since you are in NY City and drinks and dinner are easy to find but I would think that for the money a accurate website would be in place.
bubble_10	There was rat in the room. That explains everything about this place. We had to ask for another room because manager does not offer another. They pretend that we stayed there after house keeping come and "resolve" the issue. My rate is 0 (1rate because site ask to fill it)
bubble_50	The Hotel Penn needs a makeover and more efficient check-in procedures. However, people are helpful, thoughtful, and the experience was generally pleasant. The location and history are remarkable.   I have stayed there for business and family travel.
bubble_10	Despite somewhat favorable location, this is by far the worst hotel weve stayed in - and weve stayed in hundreds across the country because we travel for business.    We stayed here only because our company booked a meeting here. So embarrassed to host a meeting here.  This place is dark, dank, dirty, in total dis-repair, depressing. Avoid Room 692! Tiny, no drawers, poor excuse for a shower, paint falling off walls, door frames are moldy and broken down, faucets leaked, sink backed up. Hallways and corridors are eery and ugly. Queues for check-in are endlessly long. Had to leave hotel for a cheap cardboard continental breakfast. Elevators to ballrooms are so creeky & old that we wondered if wed safely get out of them.  We saw signs that renovations are happening. Close the
bubble_10	This is not acceptable to be in line for check in, for bagges tickets, only 3 people for a big big line of custumers  15 min per persone to check in, hotel staff look tired, burn out and not doing this hoyel again...
bubble_10	Booked a 2-night stay through Expedia. Had a horrifying experience my first night. Booked a Penn 5000 room which was supposed to be a step up from the classic rooms, with a mini fridge, pillow top mattress, modern decor, etc. After a 1-hour wait in the check-in line around 8:30pm, I arrived at my room on the 5th floor. It was not what I had booked. It was one of their classic rooms - dirty floors, dirty walls, broken shower, sink, and tub. The hallways were filthy and dimly lit, and the sofa near the elevators had massive tears in it. The entire floor looked like it had been abandoned - like nothing I have ever seen. I returned to the lobby, to express that there had been a mistake in the type of room I was provided. I saw that the line was twice as long as it had been
bubble_30	Room was bit outdated, no fan in the bathroom and only cold water in the morning to try to take a shower. Besides that hotel was a great location with great price. Stuff are very nice and helpful. I will come back.
bubble_40	I stayed overnight at the hotel a few days ago to be fully charged for a business meeting. When I got to the concierge desk, the representative offered to upgrade me for free as they had extra rooms. Her name was Maria B and she was very pleasant and generous. She explained they were recently under new management and it definitely showed. Their rooms can vary in quality, with some being pretty bad, but I was on the 17th floor and it was quite nice. The bed was comfortable, and the service was great. Thanks Maria B.  Mr. Coffee
bubble_40	The staff here is great.  They were very helpful, and even upgraded our room.  The hotel is very old, but not outdated.  The room we stayed in had your typical amenities, and was very spacious.  Because the hotel is across the street from Penn Station, getting anywhere in the city is a few steps away.
bubble_10	The hotel should have zero stars.  First housekeeping walked in without knocking, then the ancient a/c unit loudly blew warm air, finally it took two people to open the window, then I couldn't get it closed.  At 1:20 am I could hear drip drip.  The bathroom ceiling was dripping a deluge in the center, it looked like it was going to fall down.  At 2:10 I was assigned another room and housekeeping was still in it.
bubble_10	Beware all ye who enter here. Do not be deceived by the well lit lobby (though the never ending queue might be the first sign somethings amiss) this place is as bad as the harshest reviews say.  The corridors look like ripped of from a very low budget horror movie; the beds are as hard as the long division; and everything smells as if oldness was made a cologne and spread all around the place.   Yes, it is well placed. Yes, it portrays American nostalgia. Yes, its black legend is utterly true.
bubble_50	In the middle of time square with affordable price and quality of service is unbelievable good. No breakfast but thats not any problem because food is right outside ur door.   Sheets and towels are exceptionally clean.
bubble_10	Long line to check in, the room 525 was digusting , the door post into the bathroom was all rotted from the bottom, the so called heater was thick with dirt and the window was a complete bodge job , see pictures. No towels or amenities in the bathroom had to ask twice before I got them, also the included breakfast was 2 blocks down from the hotel and consisted of 2 spoons of fruit 2 of yogurt a small danish and half a cup of coffee , the cafe was not a place you would want to sit  down to eat. I did go down to complain but the line was long and after a long flight just couldn't wait. I feel for my health after breathing in all the mould.
bubble_10	This is a faulty towers experience times 100! Im not even sure how to explain how bad this hotel is so I will stick to point form  - room was so dirty (used condom wrapper behind bed) and thick dust in corners - we paid $300 per night but no matter what you pay it should be clean - the pillows were stained a really gross dark yellow and prob (15-20years old) - light could not be plugged in beside bed to we had to run the chord across the room - the other light didn't work  - bathroom shower must have had water savers on them and it came out as a mist - we wanted to complain when we checked in but the cue was so long at the counter we just gave up as we were exhausted from travelling from Australia  - on the day we checked out we shared our concerns with reception and they blamed
bubble_10	My brother and I stayed here for 5 nights from 2nd to 7th May 2019 which cost just over $1,000. You can see from the images attached that the room and lift lobby was very dirty and poorly kept. There was enamel chipped off the bath, rust evident on doors, thick layers of dust around the bed, old brackets on walls where once an electrical appliance was fixed. The room was badly in need of painting. The TV cabinet wasn't big enough for a TV so the TV was left on top of the cabinet leaving a silly looking hole in the TV unit. The window to the room had a very poor seal so noise at night was an issue. Lift doors, floors and curtains in the lift lobby were filthy! All the attached photos were taken during our stay. There was never enough staff manning reception meaning there are
bubble_10	Great location.  Waited in a huge line for 45 minutes to check in (someone mentioned kiosks in another review - I did not see any kiosks).  I apparently did not get a renovated room - my room was dirty, walls with marks everywhere, mold in the grout in the bathroom. My key stopped working and when I went downstairs at 11PM to get one, there were 3 people in line complaining about their rooms, one saying his wife and child were terrified and refused to sleep there.  It is OLD - which I would normally find interesting, but it's creepy old. However, the worst part of this hotel is Fox News playing everywhere - and when I say everywhere, I mean at the elevators they block the window with a gigantic screen that projects Fox News.  It's unreal.  The fact that tourists from all over
bubble_50	I had a very pleasant trip! My husband brought me and our son to New York City over mothers day weekend. The room was clean, staff was helpful and kind, we had a great view. We were in the middle of everything! We didnt even need to take a taxi because everything was within walking distance. I cant wait to come back!
bubble_30	Its hard to leave a review that does this hotel justice. The location is absolutely fantastic. Close to everything youd want as a tourist and transport to everything else.   Despite this, I cannot overstate how dingy and depressing the room that me and my partner stayed in was. It was clean (I cant fault them on that) but the room was just genuinely not a nice place to be.  I also think that it is worth mentioning just how busy the lobby and check in area for the hotel was. Again, it is hard to fault the staff because they were always very friendly, helpful and welcoming, there just didnt seem to be enough of them.  Overall, I would probably recommend this hotel but only if you are not planning on spending much time there. If the rooms were all updated, it would be the
bubble_40	I was worried because I read some reviews that said it was old but that was one of the things I really liked about this hotel. Great location and very friendly staff, check in was super easy using those kiosks!
bubble_30	She's like a great big passenger linear slowly sinking in the New York Ocean. The staff do their jobs like rude robots. The place is massive and old and it's in bad shape. It's like stepping back into a dirty art deco period. The room was fine but so dated,sink,taps,bath, toilet,beds,all tired and not clean. But she still works,she's still chugging along. I use my room to sleep and wash and want it in a good location at a reasonable price none of which you can argue with. The water was hot,the flush worked and the towels and bedding smelt surprising ok and came in matching off white/grey (like grans bra colour) but if you want anymore than this you best look elsewhere..
bubble_40	Located at walking distance from Times Square the hotel has plenty of options around to eat and easy access to travel options. A Couple of the tourist shopping options are also located at walking distance.  When choosing the rooms be sure to choose the newer rooms as the old rooms are in a "non-habitable" state.   The staff is friendly and helpful - Natasha and Kenny (hope I got his name right) are great gems to the front office team at Hotel Penn. They listen and work towards their best to solve your concerns.   Special thanks to Steven (Dir-front office) for all his assistance in ensuring a pleasurable stay.   Would stay again with a careful choice of rooms.
bubble_30	This hotel is ideally located in central Manhattan directly across from Penn station. The lobby looked fantastic however when we got to the room we found it was very dated. There were stains on the carpets in both the corridor leading to the room and the room itself and there was peeling paint on the walls and in general it seemed the room had not been updated in about 30-40 years. Check in and check out were straightforward and staff were very helpful. There was a queue at reception for both check in and check out but we missed the busiest times. The included breakfast came in the form of vouchers for a continental breakfast at a cafe across the road.
bubble_30	Clean and Nice hotel but old, very old rooms.  The major problem is the waiting queue in the front desk to do the check-in, TERRIBLE!!!  Employee very Nice and kind, always looking to satisfy your needs.
bubble_30	I was lucky to get a newly renovated room with a bit of a view. It was clean but minimalistic. Only one night table for a king size bed, never a full set of towels, no fridge/minibar (I didn't mind, but some might), very small closet. Treatment was friendly but clearly catering to masses rather than to estimated individual customers. Breakfast voucher for restaurant across the street, where I had the same minimalistic choice every morning: terrible coffee OR good orange juice, a bit of fruit with yogurt and a bagel or muffin or croissant. All in disposable containers... The restaurant atmosphere had the charme of a school cantine. Luggage storage costed $5 extra, needed to get a key at the consierge in order to use a toilet once I checked out. Not a cosy place to stay, but
bubble_10	We only stayed here one night to see Billy Joel in concert.  When I booked the room I chose the Penn5000 series King room.  According to the website these were the newly renovated rooms.  My reservation clearly stated a Penn5000 room.  The room was disgusting.  I called the front desk and asked if I was in the correct room and was told "the Penn 5000 series rooms that are renovated are only the suites".  I paid a good penny for this room and the only upside was its location.  Next time I will just walk a little further.  I had to strip the bed as I was afraid to sleep in it until I inspected it.  And the shower...I wouldn't step foot in the shower.  Thank goodness it was for only one night...never again!
bubble_40	Was a bit nervous about the stay after reading some other reviews but the hotel was a great choice for us. Newly renovated room with a view of the Empire State Building out the window. Beds were comfortable. Room was small but we were only there to sleep so not an issue. Bathroom was clean and also on the small size if you compared it to a Holiday Inn. Staff was courteous upon check-in. As part of our reservation we were given coupons; 20% discount to be used at one of two nearby restaurants and a continental breakfast at a nearby cafe.  I would recommend this hotel, especially if you are there to see an event at MSG since the hotel is directly across the street.
bubble_30	The room was spacious and just OK.  Not so bad as I read on other reviews, but not good also.  Very, very old rooms, but clean.   I was at the 6th floor and the level of noise was way too high.  I cant understand why they dont - at least - improve noise cancellation and exchange curtains to make it at least better to sleep.  The location is good and price not so bad.  It wont be my first option when coming back, for sure.
bubble_10	Poor amenities - no fridge, no kettle, no mineral water Long Q at concierge. Has to walk in the rain to the cafe oppo hotel to get the breakfast, which comes in a plastic package. Might as well just distribute the packed food in the hotel. If u want buffet breakfast, u have to pay extra top-up.  For baggage deposit, have to pay $5 per piece. No toilet to use at the lobby after checking out. Only good thing is the location.  Will not stay here again.
bubble_50	I have stayed in this hotel on 3 visits to NYC. It is the best location. Most of the rooms have been remolded and look great. The staff is always happy to help you. I love the retro look of the lobby. I will stay there any time I go to NYC.
bubble_50	Ive been staying at Hotel Pennsylvania for over 30 years because of the location, incredible staff and history of the hotel. Maria B at the front desk, along with bellman Bobby, Paul, Benny, Barrington and almost everyone else are the best at what they do and always make my stay enjoyable.
bubble_10	I visited New York with fellow university students and stayed in the hotel Pennsylvania. (Our hotel had been chosen for us). The location could not have been more central- perfect for our trip, but that was where the positives stopped. There were huge queues at reception (I assume to complain). Hotel rooms were tired and run down and where rooms required extra beds we were supplied with ramshackle metal beds that were wheeled in to the rooms. Water in the showers was often ice cold and to top it off, we also had heard rumours of rodents in the hotel. After much speculation, myself and various other students on the trip had seen mice in the corridors and rooms. We were offered another room however this didnt fill me with confidence. As a group of us stayed in the hotel, I had
bubble_10	Great location across from Penn station but a tiny room with a very small bed in the standard double. Some rooms have been renovated but are more expensive.  We arrived at 9:30 pm and even at that time it took us more than 20 minutes to reach the head of the line.  When we passed the lobby at other times during our two-day stay the check-in line was up to twice or three times as long as it had been when we arrived.  The heating and a/c in the room didn't work well and we tried to open the window but it wouldn't budge.  The next day we reported this and found the window open when we returned, but now it could not be closed!   We learn from our mistakes and would not stay here again.
bubble_40	the check in took about 10 minutes and we were in the suite by2 pm.The suite was nice aside from the carpet which was pretty dirty and there was a little mouse who stopped by for a minute,the free breakfast was well organized and more than adequate, and the check out was almost instantaneous
bubble_30	The location is great. Opposite Penn Station. First room was appalling asked to be moved to renovated room. Once we changed rooms it was better. Fridge in this room noisy, couldn't adjust thermostat as knobs broken off & sink in bathroom didn't drain. But still huge improvement. Breakfast was included, pastry, boxed fruit & drink but you had to go out the side door & down the street to another place to get it. The other problem was they kept changing the internet password. This meant you had to go down to the front desk & keep asking what it was. Location was unbeatable.
bubble_30	It's only the location that gains the rating for the Hotel. The room as ok, but overall the Hotel needs a refurbish. It could be an amazing place, with great amenities and could take all the limelight as its location is just perfect no words to say.
bubble_20	When we get to the hotel, we went to the room they gave us on the second floor and realized the room was not what we were expecting. It was old, not very clean, and not cozy at all. When we went to the reception in order to change the room, they told us we needed to pay 56$ extra per night in order to get a room that was renovated. This means, the hotel had a bunch of floors that were renovated and others that were not, and this was not explained anywhere when we were making the reservation. It was very frustrating but we paid those extra $ and got a good room.
bubble_50	We were incredibly happy with our stay at the Hotel Pennsylvania.  The staff were terrific. We had a glitch while making our reservation (my own mistake) and in a panic emailed the hotel for help.  Within minutes we received a phone call from  Steve Fernell (I believe to be the general manager)  who  corrected our error. He was so nice and helpful.  We were incredibly impressed with his excellent customer service skills.  The hotel itself is very nice and the staff is very accommodating. The location of the hotel is perfect for walking to many of the major tourist sites.  We would most definitely stay at the hotel again and recommend it to others.
bubble_30	It is a centrally located hotel with a cheap price for its location, the receptionists are very friendly and willing to help, the room is very large but dimly lit and old. Around it there are many shops to buy food and it is in front of the Madison Skuare Garden, there is a subway and train station nearby. It is a big hotel, very old rooms and with a small bathroom, there were a lot of people, it had a 24h shop with very rich food. I recommend it if you want a central place and to sleep.
bubble_30	The Location for exploring New York is great, just opposite Penn Station and a short walk to time square. The  room was tired and needs modernizing, but was clean and fine for a short stay. Breakfast was a short walk to a cafe and was very basic, Fruit, small amount of yoghurt, a pastry and 1 drink.  We were staying in the old part of the hotel and i believe renovations are being done to a higher standard. We will return.
bubble_40	The halls are kind of dingy but the room was decent. The water took a bit long to heat up but then it was super hot. The linens looked a bit dingy too. There was no face cloth in The bathroom. It says it's a 2 star place and that's accurate but Overall great price and it's right across the st from MSG.
bubble_50	Wonderful hotel to stay at Room was perfect  We received vouches for a free breakfast & 2 free drinks It was only a one night stay since we were seeing Billy Joel at the garden Definitely will use this hotel for a longer stay Staff was very friendly
bubble_40	We chose Hotel Pennsylvania as the place to stay overnight since we had tickets to a concert at Madison Square Garden. In all honesty, I had read many of the reviews and they were just awful. I was really afraid to stay at the hotel in light of those reviews Id like to clarify that our overnight stay was wonderful. Sonia at reception / check-in made sure we had a great room and we were well taken care of. The newer portion of the hotel is coming along and I believe they will be very nice rooms. It was so convenient and I recognize that people from all over the world travel through the hotel because of its location. In December, when we have another concert, we will definitely be back. Thank you very much for a great night and look forward to coming back in December.
bubble_10	Me and my friend arrived at the hotel in the early afternoon on 30th of April. Check in time took about 1hr as there were only 2 receptionist on duty and a big queue, nobody seemed to be rushing (I`m talking about reception here), very frustrating. We got room on the second floor and when we walked in we were shocked. Room was old and cold, there was a gap between windows. The radiator didn`t work so we asked for engineer to come and two blankets, nothing happened until 8pm (only blankets, no engineer seen). We got our blankets but decided to move rooms anyway. We were asked at the reception to pack our bags and come downstairs with everything so they can move us. Nobody offered help with bags. The new room we got was little better on 8th floor, was little warmer but we noticed
bubble_20	First and foremost is that ridiculous FACILITY FEE of $35/day +TAX!! It's just another form of making extra money on customers which is charged after you've already paid for the room! It's like the airlines charging that baggage fee ( which the purpose was for them to get back in the black, but greed has them still charging it), and now the hotels are jumping on the bandwagon calling it a facility fee! Secondly this hotel has shrunk the rooms with their remodeling, which I've had bigger rooms on a cruise ship for less than I paid for this closet, and it included all my meals/entertainment.
bubble_30	As with any hotel in NYC its pricy for a nice room.  The older rooms are just that - old.  But they are always clean and beds are comfy.  I was disappointed that the bar/restaurant was gone. Staff was helpful and friendly. No wash clothes or hand towels and $20 per day for wi fi is ridiculous. Glad I have a lot of data on my phone plan.
bubble_30	Great location, right across the street from Penn Station, rail link to Newark Airport.  "Collection" room was OK -- neat and clean,  but lacked chairs and had minimal drawers. A friend had the cheaper basic room which was cheaper and smaller, but much better furnished and seemed just as clean.  Not sure why I had to pay so much more for the "Collection"  "Facility Fee: is additional to the room charge.  For me, it meant $35/day for the "free" wifi. Misleading, dishonest, exorbitant.   No restaurant or cafe in the building.   TV does not show ABC, CBS, NBC.
bubble_10	We feel absolutely cheated!  One night we saw something crossing the room very fast, but it was during the night so we thought that it was our imagination or we were exhausted, in fact we were in a 12th floor, so we supose it was difficult to see a rat in that floor. We slept thinking about that, but at 4 am we woke up because we heard the RAT and there it was, INSIDE OUR LUGGAGE BETWEEN OUR CLOTHES AND BETWEEN OUR TOILETRY BAG ( toothbrush and personal higiene). This is too much for us, it is a question of public health!!!! But this is not the worse, the worse is that we talked with the manager of the hotel before we left the hotel the last day. The hotel told us that we didnt have to pay the taxes we still had to pay ( around 300$ )because the hotel would pay them for us
bubble_10	After paying the full price with the package I got before I flew, I had to pay an additional 160 on arrival!! The hotel state that this is the agreement between the hotel and the agency, which no one is aware off!!!   ALSO! The bathroom is disgusting, mould everywhere, bath is falling apart!   1 plus, free WiFi
bubble_10	Dirtiest place I have ever seen!!!! The room was beat up, the wall had holes, the doors were missing moldings, there were stains in every single direction, bed, pillows, curtains, mirrors, chair, you name it, it was dusty and had stains. I didn't even want to place my damn bag on the floor it was so bad. I literally ran back down, waited in that hour long line, and got room canceled cause there was no way was I gonna stay in that hotel. I genuinely felt bad for all the tourists that were there, seeing most of them complain too but stuck there cause they had no other place to go. Luckily I live only 20 mins from the city otherwise I would have had a breakdown. This place is a total scam. RENOVATE THE PLACE AND GET A NEW OWNER!!!!!
bubble_20	This hotel is very tired, and the comments saying that are accurate. Sheets and towels are quite thin, and you will wonder when the room was last cleaned thoroughly but we did not see any bugs or trash in the room. You get what you pay for, sometimes, and you should only stay here if the price meets your needs. Note that the line to check in, or to check your bags in the bag check for a day, is very long. The free breakfast is 1/2 block away at a cafeteria style grab-and-go food place, where you bring your ticket and they give you the pre-packed standard continental breakfast or you can buy up for a breakfast buffet.
bubble_40	It was great except for the TV in the roo. Didn't work and they said the oy thing to.do was change rooms it was my first night of. Y honeymoon so it wasn't a big deal.but other then that it's a great hotel.
bubble_30	great location,  but not up to today's standards. Pity... it must have a wonderful history :-( i see you expect me to write a minimum of 200 characters? That's a cheek! How many times do you want be to say "basically rubbish"?
bubble_50	Choice in rooms from basic to fancy - I chose basic as price was excellent for location.  Great staff - helpful and kind which, given the numbers of folk arriving or leaving at any given moment, must be difficult to maintain.  Highly recommended.  Great history about hotel.  Fantastic location - Madison Square Garden across the road.  Penn station for trains or subway.  Times Square about 7 blocks north and Central Park just beyond.
bubble_10	The only advantage of that hotel is the location . We came one day later as our flight was canceled in Munich. As soon as we found it out I texted to the hotel via booking, that we would come the next day, but didnt receive any reply. Meanwhile the money for all 4 nights were taken from my card. When we arrived , our reservation was canceled ! And the lady on the check desk in a pretty rude way told us that it was because we didnt arrive when we supposed to and they didnt have a room for us !!! And on the fact that I informed they she said :if you dont get reply in USA  we dont count you informed us !!!! Btw she was the most rude and unpleasant person we met in USA so far during our vacation ! And on the fact that they took my money she said that :yes, we charged you
bubble_30	Its ubicated in a very convenient location, the building is old and the rooms need a renovation, but it's perfectly ok if you are going to just rest from the hours spent on knowing the city. The room was clean and the front desk staff was really polite and welcoming.
bubble_40	I have long known about the history of the Hotel Pennsylvania, but hadn't actually stayed there until last Spring.  As a native New Yorker now living on the West Coast, I wanted to take my daughter to see where I came from.  When our other accommodation plans fell through, I decided to try this old landmark.  The staff were very accommodating and welcoming to us and provided excellent service throughout our stay.  Was our room "shiny and brand new"?  NO, but this IS now a 100-year-old property, AND they have been renovating large sections of it for years.  I look forward to a return trip to see what kind of progress they have made.  For the price paid, we were perfectly fine with what we got.  Remember, folks, this is New York.  The convenience of being right across the street
bubble_10	The place is ruined, dated, dirty and stunk. Shredded carpets and furniture, filthy walls and windows, holey curtains and a horrible smell in corridors and rooms. We had to move from the room we were assigned, as it was very small, dusty, noisy and the bathroom was all rusty and dingy with a hole in the door that was filled in with tissues.  When communicating to the front desk staff the issues and asked if it was possible to move rooms, they just laughed and told me they were going to give me another room but all standard rooms were the same. And if I wanted better room I had to pay much more. The second room was bigger but dusty everywhere. Under the radiator was filthy with dirt. The bathroom was rusty everywhere. The bath was chipped all over it and the smell of the shower
bubble_40	given a 4/5 due to its location and price only, check in lines very long if you cannot use the check in machines which allocate your rooms and dispense your room key,  rooms are very old and run down but i suppose on a trip to NY not much time is spent in your hotel room. right across from macys and plenty of shops around. short walk from times square and broadway. hundreds of restaurants near by
bubble_20	I was disappointed when i got to our room. It was dirty and dingy. Couldn't sleep all night as we were at the back of the elevators. We were moved after a couple of days complaining. Breakfast was basic, you have to pick it up from the shop then eat it either in the very busy lobby or back at our room. Reception is always busy and it takes ages to sort something out. It's very slow service.The only good thing is the location.
bubble_10	First of all we payed a 3 person room and they gave us just one bed and they did not cleaned the room 2 days out of 5 or gave us enough towels. The included breakfast is very bad. And the people that work there is quite rude and they didnt even try to help us.
bubble_40	if you are not snobbish and want a good location for a good price this hotel is perfect. I stayed there 3 times, never ha a big complaint to make. It is old and not fancy, but clean, convenient and friendly
bubble_10	It actually loocked like a very busy and common 2 stars hotel/accomodation from its lobby/entrance. Depending on  the time of the day you arrive you might wait 20-25 min for your check in and the sitting area is crowded and not offering enough space for everyone. We booked and payed for a room for 3 and we should have slept in 1 bed, I had to pay an extra 60$ to get a foldable bed...  The room wasnt clean, had to ask for extra towels... the corridors were giving a creepy and dirty feeling.  We didnt have any meal @ the hotel as we only wanted to leave the spot.  The only positive thing was that the staff was friendly.  If you have no other choice, go there but I wouldnt stay for more then one night.
bubble_10	Comments: Very shocking and choking experience: - Very dirty  - Staff not friendly  - People with asthma or respiratory difficulties to strictly avoid this hotel. I suffered  - Long queue for both check-in and check-out. feels like airport. And whenever you reach the front desk persons, they do not have NO friendly approach. - The offered breakfast is very meager  - The gym is very badly equipped  - The photos shown on the website do not match the real situation of the hotel. I was fooled.  - Very expensive for such a place. With less money i could have had a better place.  - They tried to charge me before my arrival without notifying me. This has never happened to me. See my real photos of the hotel. Not the published ones on their sites.
bubble_30	We were welcomed in by a lovely lady then immediately charged a 30 dollar a night service charge do not believe your travel agent who say 10 dollars  paid 30 plus taxes listen too people who have been there as we are both disabled it was difficult getting to our rooms when we got there it looked as if it was decorated in 1960 dirty and a place not to sleep did go down complained to manager he told me he could upgrade me for 75 dollars a night ,there's no way on earth I was paying that. I stood my ground and he eventually gave us a room on 10th floor which was fully refurbished a nice room thank you for that . Can not complain about anything else once we had new room we thoroughly enjoyed.
bubble_10	horrible the room was a dump w/ no coffee facilities.  They bait and switch on their website and show a nice room but then when u check in the nice rooms are not available.  Do not stay here. they gave us 2 twin beds vs 2 doubles as shown in pictur of website.  total rip off
bubble_50	Third year in a row staying here. The staff is friendly and helpful, rooms comfortable and clean. Very convenient for a short stay as close to all Theatres and shopping. Opposite Penn Station if you need to go further and a stone's throw from all subways.
bubble_40	We had a helpful front desk Maria help us upgrade our rooms. The Pen Plaza is nice, and clean. There is house cleaning 24/7, so dont be suprised if house cleaning knocks at 1am. The location is good, theres shopping malls nearby and a large macys. Theres also a subway nearby. Wifi is also not paid, just call the front desk for a wifi access code. The rooms arent bad as long as you pick the newer rooms.
bubble_40	I'm not sure if all of the rooms have it, but there was a picture on the wall telling about some of the history of the hotel.  A printed note celebrating the 100th year of the Pennsylvania was on the bed.  I'm always interested in historic buildings and they kept a lot of the architecture while making everything feel new and well kept.  I'll probably stay there whenever I have to visit.
bubble_10	Room was filthy, smelly & musty. Badly needed an overhaul. Had mice in room. Was charged $174 on check in for amenities and taxes which I thought was included in booking price with alpha rooms as it said all taxes and fees included in booking. 50 minutes to check in 40 mins to check out. Would never stay there again
bubble_50	Renovated rooms are awesome! Hotel is located right across the Street from Madison Square Gardens and is within walking distance of Times Square. Check-in with Maria B, best Customer Service at a hotel Ive ever seen!!  - Sweet Home Alabama -
bubble_30	Hotel located on 7th Ave. opposit to MSG, which means, that you'll stay in the middle of all Manhattan's sights. Some  rooms looks not bad after renovation. In a nutshell, it's fine place for spending couple of days like a tourist, but for comfort & cozy environment I would recommend to find something else.
bubble_50	This hotel was truly awesome. Great room, absolutely awesome location and price. Will definitely be staying here again in the near future. This has become our hotel of choice when visiting The Big Apple.
bubble_50	Great to spend a night after long haul flight.  Feeling retro vibes when arrived to door room.  Location is great to connect to Amtrack train.  I traveled from Thailand and have to go to Saratoga on the next day, I spend a night at Hotel Pennsylvania before get a train next morning, location is just opposite the hotel and I can walk in few minutes.  The staff are wonderful and friendly, always supported and professional services.  Around the hotel has many places to eat and shop for quick needed for me.
bubble_30	The location was as important as cost. The price was the best for such a great location. A short walk to Time Square.  The rail station directly across the street.  Lots of shopping nearby if you want that. Indoor mall next to the hotel.    The staff were all very friendly and helpful. My only real disappointment was that the room was very cold which was not good for my 79 yr old Mother. The heater blew some slightly warm air for about 10 minutes and that was it. We called for repair and they came the next day.  We had to request extra blankets which we received timely. We had to run the water for 5-10 minutes before it got warm and the shower head for the handicap accessible was broken. It worked but you had to hold it. A minor fix.  The towels were fine. The building is 100
bubble_50	Ive stayed here many times - low rates and you cant beat the location. As I was visiting for a special occasion, I treated myself by booking a Penn Plaza room. These rooms are completely different to the normal rooms. They are completely refurbished - new carpet, flat screen tv, really comfortable bed, new bathrooms. Its like staying in a different hotel - even the hallways are renovated. Ill definitely pay the supplement for these rooms on my next visit.
bubble_40	Staff changed my room to a very nice, clean and comfortable room. The room was newly renovated.  The hotel is convenient to Times Square and LIRR. The breakfast provided consisted of coffee or juice; bagel, or muffin or croissant, a bit of fruit and yogurt.  Quite adequate for breakfast.
bubble_40	Great location! Near Subway, 8 blocks from Times Square Easy to move to the most visit places in NY  Easy to go to Airport Confortable rooms, poor breakfast but was included so its fine just to start the day
bubble_50	We booked our stay at the Hotel Penn at the last minute, when our planned Air BnB didn't work out - we booked via Booking.com without reading reviews, so we were a bit worried when we popped on to Trip Advisor and saw all the bad reviews.  However, when we checked in, we needn't have worried at all. I'm not sure if everyone on here was just unlucky, or stayed in a different hotel. We had nothing to complain about at all. First things first, the location is amazing - a really short walk to Times Square and literally less than a minute into the Subway or Penn Station. You couldn't ask for a more convenient Midtown location. You're surrounded by food outlets, shops and bars and the Empire State looms overhead. It's ideal.  Secondly, what a history this place has! I know that
bubble_20	The check in is sharp at 3pm, and if you have luggage you need to pay 5 dollar each to deposit at the luggage at the basement.room is ok bathroom nope they have this tiny shower head and tiny lavatory.
bubble_20	While the hotel has a great location, we were forced to pay an additional 35 dollars for each night as a facility fee. Quite an outrageous amount for facilities that we will not even be using. Not a great welcome to a hotel not a great start of a holiday.
bubble_10	The room is an absolute disaster, i paid 1100 USD for 5 day and here are a few pictures from the room, can anyone guide me where to file a complaint?  No to mention that the towels and pillows are dirty!   How can this be possible? All we expected was a clean room and this is what we got! This is unacceptable!
bubble_30	Friendly check-in.  We were in a renovated room, quite nice.  History of the hotel is interesting.  Lobby is noisy. Found a napkin with gum stuck on it, a bit disturbing. Probably because it's across from Penn Station.  We liked the little sitting area by the elevators.  Our room was a good size for NYC,  Close to the subway stop.  Good view down to the intersection.  Came with an average continental breakfast through an arrangement with a cafe across the road.  We were surprised to find that the parking they recommend (at a discount to clients} only offered valet parking.
bubble_10	A very bad experience. When we arrived at the hotel we waited for two hours just to be able to check in. Then we got our room, it was dirty the view was out on another building, on the toilet there were holes in the walls and by doors. It wasn't clean, the bed was well used. The breakfast was included in the price, but one had to go out to the hotel, across the street and over to a cafe where you could stand in line. When you finally got your morning food delivered in the plastic tray there was a little fruit, a little yougurt and a cake .. and it was the same all the six days we stayed there. I even tried to upgrade to another room because it was so bad. This could not help the front desk, so I had to contact my travel company. There was not even an opportunity to heat water
bubble_30	Had a chance to visit New York city and due to its central location, booked a room at Hotel Pennsylvania. One of a picture in the hotel described it as opened in 1940. No wonder. It's still there. Rustic interior, shabby and dirty carpets, a very big room with cracking beds, toilet as if in constant use since inaugural days. And a dolled-out breakfast. Only thing modern was a TV set in the room. No fridge, no coffee prep, even the blankets were of the second world war era.
bubble_10	Very dirty, unclean, mould everywhere, broken shower handle and all over gross rooms. You can also not control the thermostat  There was even a mouse and a hole that would come out occasionally.  They have an online portal where you can supposedly contact them and they will respond rather than having to go complain to their front counter. With little surprise to me they never read it or got back to me.  I dont recommend staying here unless you have literally no other options
bubble_20	First room assigned to us was like a shanty with a fantastic view on pipes outside the window . Room didn't correspond to the picture showed at reservation time .  After a brief discussion with Manager that was on duty that night we finally found a solution moving to a fully renovated room . These rooms are comfortable , but you have to pay for that .  For two days our rooms was not cleaned . Back at 8pm we call the Housekeeping service . Again we informed the Manager at the front desk . What is good is the location . Long lines to the front desk . To avoid any further discussion we are sure to cancel this hotel for the next stays in NY .
bubble_50	Man this place is popular and the reason its right in the middle of broadway...staff are amazing especially Will downstairs in baggage holding....the hotel is older yet full of character and comfortable...but what every traveller is after is the location....close to subway and across the road from Penn Station....breakfast was usual pastry fruit yoghurt and coffee and of course with the location comes the constant sirens but thats what u get....would definitely recommend for first time visitors
bubble_40	Let me just start by saying, if you are looking for a clean hotel with not many amenities but close to the action this is the hotel for you. Pros:  The room was very clean and was cleaned well every day The bed was very comfortable My room had the view of the Empire State Building The person who helps with all of the touristy stuff you can do was super friendly and very helpful! Right across the way from the subway and Madison Square Garden Cons: Small bathroom and the toilet flushed weird.  It had a lever like public restrooms but you don't pull down to flush, you have to push it in.   no microwave or coffee maker Even though the questions and answers say there is a free breakfast ....the concierge was rude to my husband and said that it was not included in our stay  No AC But
bubble_20	We stayed here before and although it has never been anything special, the location was good and prices Ok.  This visit we found the room and service less than average.   The bathtub was cracked and peeling.  Basic amenities like conditioner and wash cloths were not supplied.  It took several calls to get wash cloths and when they finally arrived it was 1 am in the morning and they woke us up to deliver them.  And as always they add fees for things we don't use like the "free" continental breakfast, WiFi and fitness room.  Lines are long for checkin and everyone is very disorganized at the front desk.
bubble_10	I booked this hotel for 5 nights, 6 weeks before our stay on booking.com. the terms of booking was 'pay on arrival'. On further reading the hotel take the first nights payment2 days before your check in - still no issue. 1 day after our booking the hotel tried to take FULL PAYMENT and my credit card was declined thinking it was a fraudulent. The hotel then CANCELLED the booking. So you cant ay at the hotel and despite the terms they WILL take full payment on booking!! BEWARE AND BOOK ELSEWHERE LIKE WE ARE.
bubble_30	That was pretty much all we got! Awful room on the 7th floor, bath filled with someones hairs . Shady bed that had a sound every time me moved, a old carpet all worn and disgusting.  A room with out a heater and when the outside is a 44f you will want some heat. But to be fair the location pretty much top all over the other thing, you are 2 block from the Empire State and 0.8 miles from Times Square, so you have everything near and easy access.  One mayor upside is that by $5 you can leave your luggage the day that you check out so you can go and do whatever you want and just return to pick it up and you are set!  Overall, is you can overlook the room, bathroom and bed the location compensaste everything else.
bubble_10	I have stayed at Motel6 and Super8s that  were nicer than this.   Completely ruined my trip to New York.   Waited in line for an hour to check in and this was an every day occurrence.  Staff were unfriendly and rude.   Room resembled a college dorm room.   Had to walk to a local McDonalds for coffee in the morning.  I have never experienced such terrible accommodations
bubble_10	Like others, we did not take the time to read the reviews or we would not have booked it.  The location is fantastic, right opposite Madison sq gardens, but thats the only plus.  The lobby is nice enough, very grand etc, but the queues to check are huge. Over half an hour waiting. The staff are rude and surly, not interested in helping with anything. The first room we were put in was gross, the windows so dirty you couldnt see through them the furniture was old and grubby. After complaining the next morning we were moved to a different room, with newer furniture and paint, but it was in this room with that I was bitten multiple times by BED BUGS!  At least fifteen bites on my back and arms.  The breakfast is a joke. Tokens to go across the road and A long queue for a miserable
bubble_20	Good customer service in person, bad otherwise. Received a $100 charge that I was told would be waived. I explained to the woman at the front desk my situation and she said thered be no charge. I didnt catch her name, however, she did give me this bracelet to take home with me as a memento, and I'm positive would remember me if asked. I've called and emailed multiple times to see if they would honor waiving the fee as I was told due to the surrounding circumstances, but to no avail. Frustrating.
bubble_10	Stayed here for 3 nights. Totally over priced for what you get. The rooms are a state. Old, tired, dirty and smelly. Photos below are taken of the room I was given after asking to upgrade to a cleaner one. Not worth it.
bubble_40	The title pretty much sums up my experience; the location is fantastic being across the street from Penn Station/MSG.  The bed was very comfortable and the size of the room was excellent.  The bathroom was very small and for a total of over $400 (including taxes) I think a mini-fridge should have been included.
bubble_50	We traveled to NYC with relatives and knew the convenience of pulling in to Penn Station on Amtrak and walking across the street to the Hotel Penn, so we booked rooms in the Penn5000 area at very reasonable prices. When we were checking in, Maria B (awesome!) upgraded us at no cost to the newly furnished rooms on the 9th floor and we were quite happy! Wonderful comfy beds, great windows, classic NYC bathrooms, and very large rooms. We stayed three nights in the heart of the City, had the free breakfast offered or paid the extra $9 for the incredible buffet at the very crowded restaurant nearby. We even forgot to cash in our free drink tickets, or to check out the adult pool and gym area on the 18th floor!  Next time...
bubble_10	Waited 1 & 1/2 hours in the checkout line, to then check into our CLEAN room (pictures below). Was absolutely disgusting to the point I cried.. No towels or blankets (besides 1 sheet on the bed) were provided. Called housekeeping 3 times still received nothing, the 4th time I went and got them myself. The bed sheet full of rat or moth bites, the door was completely off its hinges and couldnt be used at all, the aircon (broken) was full of dust that looked like it had been sitting there for years and all open with a piece just hanging off. The bath was broken and near the drain it was chipped and sharp! A used fork underneath the bed and dirt all throughout the room! Rock hard bed and pillows.. Im so unhappy with my stay here... Save your money and go elsewhere. This hotel is
bubble_30	The hotel is in the hart of Manhattan very easy to walk to times square. We staied for 8 days in the 12th floor with breakfast which was in some big dinner out of the hotel. I do not recommend to take the breakfast there are a lot of places to have breakfast better than this one.
bubble_50	Hotel Pennsylvania is Awesome. We had a great time and a great stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I LOVE NEW YORK! There, is that two hundred words yet? How about now? Anyway, Hotel Pennsylvania is Awesome, you're gonna love it.
bubble_10	I wish I had booked elsewhere. I liked the location and price. I should've read the reviews more carefully. The room was dirty, worn down and bathroom tub was just nasty. I did not use it. Paint was peeling off the wall, outlet covers were cracked, bed creaked, the blanket covers looked old and smelled. The room looked nothing liked the pictures. It was a big disappointment and 1 night was 1 too many for me.
bubble_40	This hotel may have seen better days, but the ambience is exciting,  with the customers from all over the world coming here.  My Room was simple but clean. The staff was friendly and accommodating for my needs.  Wifi was good and free. Room pricing is also reasonable. A good visit all round.
bubble_10	The first room i was given was dirty, had a broken lamp, air conditioning did not work and mold on the ceiling, so i was moved to another room again dirty, stains on wall, open wiring, bathroom door busted
bubble_10	Location is excellent, hotel is bad, 45 min to check in, we almost missed our broadway show because of that, coupons for free breakfast, another 45 min wait to get a cup of cofee and a croissant, had to use bathroom after checking out but was not possible in hotel, luckily a metro station across the street, carpet was oold and dirty, could barely look out of the window, extremely dirty, could not close the window so traffic noise all night, airco made a sound as if an airplane was taking off, shuttle for 2 to airport more expensive then a taxi, staff rude, mold in our room, and so on , would not stay there anymore even  if they would pay me.
bubble_10	I'm planning a visit in October and was tempted by this hotel as the location is central. After booking two rooms I then read some very harsh reviews about queues, dirt and poor breakfast so I decided to cancel and book elsewhere. I didn't want to risk getting the more dated rooms...or no rooms at all. I am recovering from an illness and this holiday will mark the end of my current treatment so I can do without the stress. The cancellation  this far in advance meant it was free, however, the hotel took a full payment as soon as I cancelled. When I complained I was told it would take 48 hours to get a reply and the hotel had taken care of the payment...There should not have been a payment to take care of and this is a sizable amount to take from my credit card.
bubble_30	Advantages: The hotel room itself was very functional and the price moderate, and I greatly appreciated the relationship with the New York Sports Club next door, taking full advantage of the gym both mornings of my stay.    Possible drawbacks:  1.  This hotel makes a business, apparently, of serving large tourist groups.  This means that elevators can take a loooong time: elevators will be full when you're trying to go down (meaning you might wait for 3 + elevators stop before you can get on, and the line to get an elevator from the lobby UP can also be a time-consuming process.    2.  The hotel's built-in "breakfast included" is a ticket to a buffet across the street where they herd you like cattle in a very intense setting.  I declined my breakfast ticket but ventured into the
bubble_20	Hotel advertises 15% discount on bookings. We paid $149 for a $99 ticket .conceirage rung the number and offered us various price tickets from $250 to $149. We settled on $149 . On arrival at the theater to pick up tickets it was only a $99 ticket. Both parties beside us had paid $99. It was not explained to us that there were any addd on fees to a $99 ticket then make it $149. The conceirage related to us while on the call a $149 value ticket. This is wrong not to disclose that is actually not what you are getting .  DO NOT BUT SHOW TICKETS HERE . GO TO THE THEATRE
bubble_10	The only good thing I can say about this hotel is the location.  Had stayed in this hotel several times so knew that it was not great.  This time it was even worse.  When I had booked the hotel I had asked for 2 separate beds but the receptionist said our room had a double bed only but she would check if anything was available. As we had ended up tax which we didn't know we had to pay she wouldn't charge extra for the room. It was an awful room, paint hanging of the shirtings and walls.  The bed was the worst, the mattress was bigger than the base so you had to be careful where you sat or it would collapse to the floor. Every time you moved the bed squeaked, so uncomfortable.  There was no covers on the beds, only a bottom sheet, and two sheets with a blanket between them. Such
bubble_30	This is a very big relatively inexpensive hotel and the throughput of people is huge. Do not expect much in the way of personalisation. We were fortunate to be allocated one of the recently refurbished Penn Plaza rooms. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was fine and both were well cleaned whilst we were there. Things to be aware of: check in can be an extended process as queues were often massive. Elevators are unsophisticated in their operation and waits can be extended at peak times. Otherwise we enjoyed our stay and its central location was great for getting out and about.
bubble_10	The service was lousy, more the one hour for check-in alone. While booked on Expedia they charged us another 120,- US$ for some kind of tax, obviously hidden cost not communicated. The room was old, dirty and of unbelievable poor quality - the bed simply too small for two (even slim) people. Great location overall but do not spoil your NYC trip.
bubble_10	Be aware that the standard rooms are extremely far from any pictures you can find online. Painting is peeling of walls and ceilings, the carpets are very worn and have many old stains and seems really dusty. The tap in the bathroom are almost impossible to open etc.   We tried to complain about this - and were firsts met with a friendly attitude - and got an upgrade. When we came to the new room- there were no difference besides a little less damage on the painting and another type of tv.   When we came to the reception second time, with the intention of investigating if we could find a compromise and pay a little more to get a room like the once on the pictures presented online, we were met with a very cold and rejecting attitude, and were talked to in a parent/ child
bubble_20	The worst part about this hotel is the paper thin walls.Every night we got back from our long days touring we were welcomed to some guy and his wife shouting at each other in some foreign language. The carpet , paint and decor are in dire need of replacement but the location was excellent and we did save a lot of money by staying here.
bubble_30	The service was good, i had too much problems to contact the hotel to make changes in the reservation but all was solve at time. I loved the system to pick up the breakfast and make the chek out. there were some troubles with one of the electrical plugs but everything else was really good.
bubble_10	Do not stay at this hotel. Booked here for two nights for a business trip and cancelled after the first night. The rooms are dirty, have not been updated in who knows how long, and the hotel staff is very rude.
bubble_10	The standard rooms are a disgrace. We got our room and the main door had wood missing from the inside by the lock which looked like it may have been tampered with, the bathroom door had a chunk of wood gone by the lock which looked like it was kicked in, the bath had pieces of enamel missing from it which meant you would potentially cut your feet while showering and the bed clothes had stains on them ( and that was just the outside !! ). We queued for another 30 mins ( yes, it took 30 mins to check in the first time and now we had to do it again to complain ) and were told by the receptionist that yes, The rooms were crap but for some people from different some parts of the world they would have been fine - if you know what I mean. We paid an additional 110 dollars to get
bubble_40	This hotel is in dire need of repainting, replastering and general refurbishment. The sink was cracked the bath discoloured and the paintwork was scruffy. That said it was clean, the staff were helpful and it is in a good location.
bubble_10	The average motel is nicer than this. I would have given it 0 stars if I could. There are 5 renovated floors and I asked for a room on floor 9 or 10 when I checked in to get a renovated floor. Got to my room and the sheets had blood stains and hair all over them. They sent people up to give me new sheets, only to find that there were additional blood spots on the mattress protector and mattress. The cleaning staff told me they dont really change the sheets that often. They told me to ask for a refund and go to a different hotel as their best advice. I immediately did that.
bubble_10	Had reservations for one night which I booked through a third party. The room they gave me was completely disgusting. There were holes in the walls and doors. The bathroom had scum in the tub and on the walls. The electric outlets were unsafe, the curtains and rug was filthy. The pictures they show you online did not represent our room. After a discussion with the hotel manager who informed me that they did not have any other rooms. He said we could cancel our reservation and refund us our $40.00 hotel fee they hit us with above our online fees. After leaving I checked my CC and discovered they hit us for $40.00 twice.  They have refunded one $40.00 hit but still owe for the second. We have yet to get a refund for the online reservation and are battling with the third party
bubble_10	We stayed here for 2 nights with a group of teenagers. First I wonder where the pictures were taken on the site because we didnt see any rooms like that. Instead after waiting for an hour to be able to check in and get the keys, we found an old, smelly, moldy, dusty room. And all the rooms that the teens had were the same way. Thank god we were able to switch with another adult who had a king size bed, because my husband and I were about it have to spend 2 night in a small full size bed. Only one towel per person. None to put on the bathroom floor and believe me it would have been welcomed.  I never walked bare feet on the carpet.  There was nothing welcoming about this room. We had to take the stairs because we could never get an elevator.  They were all packed by the time
bubble_30	I was worry before going to this hotel did not read the comment of the customer before going there, we have book the new pen plaza collection room was new, clean and located on the 10th floor, I took 45 minute do check in it was ok there was 6 personne at the front desk and we where a lot of people on line. Just in front of the metro station. Perfect for us. They will charge you 100 dollars fee for incident but you will be refund after your stay and for the coupon for the breakfeast there is 2 coupon per person per day and you have to go on the other side of  the street you can get juice coffee pastry bagel with crean cheese and vanilla yogourt and fruit.
bubble_50	I stay at this property just about every year, as I travel to New York City quite a bit.  Every single person I encounter at the hotel seems excited to see you and appreciative of you staying with them.  That is a great think to see and feel as a guest.  The rooms are quiet and cozy as well. I would(and DO) stay here again and agai!
bubble_50	Me, my husband and my son stayed in the Pen Plaza Room. It was absolutely stunning, from the bed to the interior. All this was only possible with the help from Maria B, what a woman, she was so helpful and friendly and went above and beyond all expectations. We will definitely be returning and especially to this room. It is AMAZING!! Thank you again Maria B, I'll have that pint of Guinness just for you
bubble_30	This hotel is all about location, location is perfect!! But the hotel is dated, not very clean, in our experience we didn't have towels to use and they took too long to bring it. The line for the check in was about 1 hour, so if you are expecting great amenities and service you won't have that. But if your goal is to visit NY at a average price and with everything close to the hotel this will work for you perfectly.
bubble_30	started by being upset over the fact the main lobby was to warm and very crowded got to my room to find it was double booked had to go back downstairs to re register for a different room get to the room and the ac is not working well.
bubble_20	We stayed here for 1night. The hotel is an old hotel which is really dated but you can see the glamour that used to be there from the glory days.   On arrival the check in queue was not actually that long but it took ages so be prepared to wait, especially if you get there at 3 when check in opens!   Once we had our room we opened the door to a room that had not been cleaned and was left in a right mess. After waiting for a good 45minutes to check in its frustrating to have to go back and sort out but these things do happen. Our second room was clean but the interior is so dated. The bath had a leaky tap that ran all night, the floor looked like it had damp around it.   I know this hotel is fairly cheap and the location is so central but it seriously needs some updating. I had
