bubble_40	This hotel was good and relatively cheap. A friend and I stayed here for 2 days. The service was great and food was decent. Moreover, the hotel is close proximity to the tourists attractions in the city. Best option for budgeted stay.
bubble_50	this was the greatest hotel in the world loved service i loved the drinks amazing u guys were so nice loved every thing about it mmmm u guys liked my dog and nobody likes my doggo baby loved u so much
bubble_30	It was a good and un-expensive option. It let me do my business and be near the attractions in NY City. Great personnel. Great check in and check out process. Will do it again but I know is closed again.
bubble_10	To be completely honest, I was really concerned when I heard word that my husband had booked the infamous Hotel Carter. What I thought would be a nice holiday with the kids and exchange students nearly turned into a reason for a divorce. I know I am writing this review on an emotional basis but I really need to just put it out there that this place sucked balls, (I hope my kids never read this!!)   I have to admit, the view was really stunning but I couldn't really enjoy it because I was fearing for my life the whole time. When I heard the hotel's keycards had the ability to open any room, my night was completely ruined because I had to warn the kids, (they were staying on a different floor.)   One recommendation I would like to make would be to fire the man with the black hair
bubble_40	The reason we visited Hotel Carter was because my sons said it is internet famous To be completely honest i was surprised by how nice people were in the Americas and the stuff members were really helping us .         It is not at all like how it looks on the internet and to be true they have made up new the place quite well . The only problem that was there was that there was only 7 persons that could fit in the elevator and all of my family could not fit into my chute . My room is was small but the view was amazing especially in the late night .              However we were only given one keycard when we had more than more than one  room for us .  coming from all the way from Pennyslvania this exceeded our expectations              because it is internet famous for having low
bubble_10	We actually took the trip in 2013 and I sure hope they are better now.  I complained to Expedia they didnt seem to care.  This is the worst Hotel I have ever ever stayed in! The desk clerk was rude and the GM was rude.  I now work for the biggest hotel chain in Canada and
bubble_40	I know this hotel has had lots of bad reviews but when my sister and I stayed there it was okay,the walls were freshly painted and the beds were new and had clean bedding,if you are going to new York I don't think you are going to spend all of your time in a hotel room.lots of shopping around there and easy access to the hop on hop off bus.
bubble_30	This review for a visit was 2014 but the app allow me only to do for 2017 maximum , any way , the place was comfy and close to anywhere u can easily access and go any where , it just needed renovations when we where there the blankets were old but overall the place was good and full of people from everywhere if u wanna enjoy manhattan i recommend this place
bubble_40	I visited New York for the first time and the hotel is in the middle of the time square. Perfect, everything is near to the hotel and you can visit many important places by foot . It is clean and the service is good  for the price that you are paying. I recommend it! :)
bubble_10	I had very heavy suitcase. But all people who worked in that place disapeared as fast as they saw me. I had to drag my luggage upstairs by myself. The room also looked horrible. Everything looked very old as if didnt change since 1960s. Also the bathroom door was broken. We could not even close it at least a little bit. The smel in the room was terrible as well as everything else. And TV didn't work. The TV was made in 1960 too. I saw such old TVs only in the movies.  So the only one good thing about this hotel is location.
bubble_10	Wow. Amazingly bad. I mean, World Class Bad...maybe third world bad. The place is cramped, drippy and has got a horrible vibe to it.   Cramped, as in have to scoot sideways to get past the bed to the bathroom.   Drippy, as in leaking faucets.   Horrible vibe, as in your sub-conscious screaming at you to get away from this place.   The only good thing is location.
bubble_20	You seriously could hear people having crazy sex since the walls were so thin while you were laid on that tiny double-bed whilst observing the dust layer behind the chair as the  cleaners aparently did not move it.  Great location, in the heart of manhattan.
bubble_30	Stayed here countless times and it's the cheapest place that's in this location so you really get what you pay for.   The location is the main selling point of this place as it's right off time square.   The hotel itself is a outdated and in need of a bit of TLC. This place could be fantastic if it was to be renovated correctly, keeping some of the old and modernising the rooms etc.   It's a good place to rest your head and that's really all it is, but what more do you need in NYC? Shouldn't be spending hardly any time in your room in a place like NYC, there's to much to see and do to waste time in your room. Get out and see the city. (Rant over ha)   Would definitely stay here again and I have recommended to friends who are like minded as myself.
bubble_30	Location is good. Price is fair. Room is dated but ok. Room was clean. Staff was not very freindly. Food was ok but prices seemed too high for quality. Outlets were sagging and would not hold plugs- very cheap and simple fix for hotel. Average at best.
bubble_10	The only good thing was the location , front desk was terrible, they dont know how to work in a hospitality at all, they charge the wifi (it's really price) , don't have room service , there is a strip club close to ground floor.  Room was terrible , disgusting I would say. They were renewing the whole floor, hated it !  The concierge girl was nice and the Spanish speaker guys at coffee place were kind too
bubble_30	This hotel was our only go-to on my first visits to NYC.  Their service is poor due to the fact that they have very little staffing.  You have to go in line to get your room cleaned in case you mention you want housekeeping, because it's not something they offer on a daily basis.  During one of our visits my mom stepped on a dead mouse, guest service was good though because they changed their rooms and everything was okay, they even offered to pay for the snacks that the mouse had eaten out of my mother's bag before he died with the poison they had put under the bed. (This was back in October 2012).   Yes, it is old and poor staffed, but very very very worth the price.  You are in times square and if you go out for a smoke at 3am you have it entirely for you.  Best location of
bubble_30	Firstly, this hotel is located right in the heart of Times Square and to us it was perfect as well as the price. There is no doubt that the hotel needs a lot of improvement, but if your in New York to sleep, then please don't pick this place as the rooms are not up to date in terms of decor. But we came to New York to get out and explore, we needed to be practical with our money, we just wanted a place to sleep and shower and then get back out in the city, and Carter hotel hits all those marks. We stayed in Carter for 2 weeks and upon arriving there was a sign saying that if we were not satisfied with our room you can choose another one within the space of 15 minutes, it took us until the 3rd room before we could get satisfied and we ended up on 21st floor which was a larger
bubble_30	The Carter is in a good location for exploring Manhattan.  The hotel has some classic architecture and features which is different from many NY hotels I've stayed in.  The rooms also had some classic features especially the bathrooms. Although the room I stayed could do with a refurbishment.   My main issue with the hotel was the flimsy walls and the amorous guests in the room next to me.   The bar was lively and the staff were all very helpful.
bubble_20	awful hotel in the heart of nyc clearly u got wat u pay! it was sxary slepping at night have seeing new york police watching the hotel corridors looking for bad boys shower was like a dirty garden plenty of mushrooms n hskeeping service very deficient as well i.ll wouldnt go back ever for free horrible!
bubble_40	I visited this hotel in February. the room was warm and this was a very good point for this season. Everything was ok and in the future i will visit it again. The location is the best, very closed to time square. Very good value for money
bubble_30	We stayed here twice simply because of the location. It is 30 seconds from times square which is excellent.  The price is cheap but the rooms reflect the price. It is warm and quiet and close so couldn't argue.  It's run down. The house keeping is terrible but it really doesn't matter. It's a place to rest and nothing more. I felt safe and had no trouble at all.
bubble_20	Oke, so there are old & dirty rooms. But honestly great location and price. Directly at timessquare. ( great to hang out during night time) You pay for what you get.. If you are used to hostels, you Will have no problems staying here. However, Don't go here if you expect cleanliness and luxury.
bubble_40	Yes, when location is all you need this hotel is for you. Forget all the other features, you wont think in that because Carter Hotel is in the center of everything, the best stores and restaurants are one or two blocks away.
bubble_30	I was not thrilled with the pote d'creme. It was a bit on the salty side, and was tepid by the time it was delivered. The kids, however, loved the surprises the staff left and playing "Law & Orde: SVU".
bubble_40	Location, location, location. Don't be disturbed by the lobby, you'll quickly come to realize it is a part of the charm but it may make you a little nervous before you get to your room, ha ha. The rooms are worn but more than adequate if you are in NY to see NY.  If you want to know exactly what you will be getting there are many articles written about the hotel as the last bastion of old seedy Times Square NY.
bubble_10	go stay some where better then this place  service sucks security sucks  front deck is sucks I really wish I could get my money back :-(  One towel per room  One paper roll per room  One maid service per floor but they are so nice not like the other works and owners  But this place is more like and homeless hotel finally the hotel deil and downstiars  sucks over priced and the food is bad nothing about the hotel is good besides location..... I hate this place DONT STAY HERE
bubble_40	Very basic but very clean and spacious. Fantastic location and would certainly return. Bathroom was very big and kept clean. Lobby has lots of information and staff very helpful. Times square is yards away but the hotel remains quiet on a night.
bubble_30	Its been eons since I've been at this location but I didn't have a problem that I could think of the staff I remember was pretty decent at the time. Id most likely go back hoping to see any upgrades. The only real complaint that I have is the there really wasn't much of a view to look out from the window when I last stayed there.
bubble_40	The staff is so very helpful..even though its a busy lobby....the rooms are ok...small..but they've always been clean..the location is amazing..times square, Broadway shows, all a few blocks away....30 minute walk to hells kitchen flea market...close to subway and easy to travel around by bus.. its a great location for the price..
bubble_30	This hotel is old, needs renovation. The price is reasonable as its Just within walking distance to Times Square.for a short visit I do recommend this place for its convenience. But yes it does need renovation if the hotel wants to attract more tourists.
bubble_30	My boyfriend and I we're ecstatic when we found this hotel basically in the heart of Times Square, or at least a few steps away. We didn't care much for an over the top fancy hotel, as our main reason for out visit was to tour NY. The price was really good ($109/night) to be so close to Times Square. The guy at the  front desk even knocked off $5, due to a mistake he made. Rooms were decent, bathroom was pretty clean. We saw no bugs, and sheets were clean. The view sucked. . .It was nothing more than a brick wall, but as I said, we were there to tour the city. The hotel was really creepy though. From the elevators, to the wallpaper in the halls, to the carpet, to the dim lighting in the hall.  But, other than that we had a nice easy stay. It'd be nice to see them update this
bubble_20	Very old hotel but clean enough for a short stay as it puts you in Time Square in no time. You are practically located in Time Square.  If you are in Manhattan to as a tourist and on budget, I don't think you can find a better choice.   I traveled in March 2013.
bubble_50	Every time we went to the carter hotel we got a very good cleaned room. The hotel is just a block walk to times square and there is subway station very close by. Plenty of movies and theatesr all around to a walking distance. You are really and the heart of the action of new York, perfect location to visite new York :)
bubble_30	Although Carter is cheap, not a great place to stay. Bed had stains covered in it, bathrooms were dirty and worn out. Water was ok to use. Dealt with a rude manager when I accidentally misplaces my wallet. Inexpensive for its location in Times Square.
bubble_40	I don't understand why people complaining about standard of this place. It is a BUDGET hotel. You gonna be staying in heart of NYC. Do not expect Waldorf Astoria or any other Hilton properties. This hotel is great for stay. Cheap and close to everything.
bubble_40	The location is perfect, close to Times Square. The price was good.  Don't expect anything more than just a place to sleep. The bed was ok, as well as the shower. We stayed on one of the top floors and the view was nice.
bubble_20	One of the worst hotels I've stayed in. Even no service motels are much better. Old and dirty decor and washrooms, smelly rooms with carpets that have been there for who knows how long. Poor service, room service done only once every two days, no breakfast and no free wi-fi. Even the paid wifi is valid for use on one device only. Like seriously, re-invest some of your profits back into renovating the place.  The only thing it has going for it is an amazing location right off Times Square. Expensive for the standard of the hotel, but I guess their charging for the location and still a bit cheaper than most of the other hotels in NYC.
bubble_10	What to say... The rooms are little, old and dirty... Cleaning is done every 2 days so if you don't know it you will be without towels... Wifi? It should be free in common rooms but it doesn't work..  If you want it you have to buy 24h cards that work only for one device... We asked for a taxi on the last day and they said they have a shuttle and they don't call taxis... The only positive thing is the position...
bubble_30	Is an average Hotel. Is not the prettiest one on the block, but for what it worth is the best near the 5th Avenue. For less than 100$ per night it has a perfect localization to know Manhattan.   It doesn't include breakfast, but there is a mini coffee shop at their entree where you can drink coffee, buy some nachos, some fast food.  If you are going with a low budget and wanna have some quality time. This is the right hotel.
bubble_30	The hotel is in an AMAZING location being just off Time square. The reception staff were lovely & helpful, the room was big enough for 3. We all managed to sleep well. The feel of the hotel was kind of sketchy, the bathroom floor was cracked and dirty and the water wasn't very warm. But its an overall good hotel to rest up before you explore the city!
bubble_30	Great location on Times Square, rooms were spacious and good, staff on reception was friendly ( changed the room immediately for us when we didn't like it), room was a bit dusty, small lift, noisy hotel corridor with all kind of travel agencies operating there..rooms were cheaper according to Times Square location of the hotel..
bubble_30	The hotel is old and has a lot of history behind the closed doors of the Carter. in the late 1990s the hotel housed the walfare familys and children played in the hallways pushing the buttens of the eleavaters; you would stop at every flour on your way to the lobby. Since than there has been a lot of upgrades and you get what you pay for. As you can see its very hard to reserve a room so they are doing something right. I keep going back.
bubble_10	I was there for a weekend and we got a room that had broken window and it was winter.. Asked to be in a different bedroom, but carpet was smelling bad. Worst hotel ever. It was very close to Times Square which was a plus, but never again.
bubble_30	this place was okay. It did the job and the location was AWESOME! The hotel provided shuttle to and from the airport which was very convenient. The hotel was clean and the beds were comfy. The bathrooms was very small but hey it did its purpose.  Overall I would stay here again.
bubble_40	Not even one block away from times square, it was the best location especially for the low price. Hotel was old, dirty and small but we never spend much time in the hotel when in new york. If you just need somewhere to sleep, this is a great place to save money for other experiences in new york. Perfect for what we need it for!
bubble_30	Stayed here for 4 days with mother and brother. Our room was quite small, squeezed in 2 double beds, barely enough room to walk round, the bathroom was clean but small, shower wasn't great. Walking round the hotel we noticed other rooms were bigger and had more space than we did so guess we were unlucky on that front. Great location, 2 minutes walk from times square and close to the bus stops for the tour buses. Wasn't really in the room long as lots of site seeing.
bubble_30	Its an old hotel, but no worse than similar ones in Rome, London, etc. Paid wifi available. Store/restaurant downstairs was convenient. 2 slow elevators but there are stairs if you really have no choice lol. ATMs at lobby. It was good enough for me and my friend to sleep in and shower at. The room and ensuite bathroom were clean but again, old. Probably the cheapest hotel you can get in the Times Sq area - it is very close! Oh and theres a strip club next door.
bubble_10	Hotel is a dive. Maybe cheap for area of NYC but look elsewhere and pay a few bob more, sinking falling off wall. Only thing going for it is location being on top of Times Square, but in bad need of a facelift.
bubble_30	We're a family of five, with teenagers. Flight and hotel worked well within our budget. Hotel was close to Time Square where everything happens. We also got a great deal on the hop-on/off bus tour for the week. Hotel was central to all bus stops. We saw all of New York City in one week. Accommodations were clean, friendly and sufficient for our visit to New York City.
bubble_10	I stayed with my family for 8 nights and it was a horrible experience. It has a pretty nice lobby but once you go beyond the elevator, you'll see dirt everywhere. The bathrooms are extremely small and everything inside the room is really old and barely working.
bubble_30	The location is amazing for the price you are paying. I shared the bed with my friend because they had no other available room. The bed was nice and really big, we had our own space.  It was spacious comparing to other rooms with 2 double beds (some other friends stayed the same time). We had our own spacious closet. The room was okay.  For the price you pay for me it worth. You are just 2 minutes walking of Time Square. Even it is not a really nice 5 stars hotel, they have someone giving tourist information, which we found good.  If you are adventurous and you are not scare of what could happens, this is a good option. You will feel like in a hunted mansion, specially because of the elevator which is old, but still working.
bubble_40	We loved this hotel- In NYC you spend so little time in the hotel room, why fork out for a fancy hotel you're not gonna use? The rooms aren't anything special, but a tidy bed, en suite and most importantly its right on Times Square!
bubble_30	Location was great. Price was way cheap!9 Its true what they say you get what you pay for the rooms weren't top notch. But for the amount of time we spent there (sleep) it was fine. It was a block away from time square. For my first time in New York I loved how close it was!
bubble_30	Not going to lie - I was scared of what we got ourselves into but it was really okay.  You cannot beat the cost or the location.  Of course it is not the nicest place - the room we stayed in reminded of sleeping in my grandmother's dingy basement but we were rarely there.
bubble_10	As you can see by the title, I was basically scarred for life after this hotel. We pretty much booked the hotel because of the good location to the city, but I don't actually think it was worth it. First of all, we were welcomed by the loud noise of "floor conditioning," which was a filthy mess! It looked like a flooding with black pieces of gum on the floor. Going into the old elevator into the creepy halls was creepy! Stains everywhere and dust.. Our room was right by the elevator. Our bed sheets were two layers of thin cloth with some rips and the mattress was stained. There were also piles of dust swept under the bed, and on the A.C., which the back of it was extended outside, there was somebody's old rag. I didn't know how it got there.. The plastic-looking window didn't
bubble_30	The room was small, the furnishings looked quite old and worn and you could hear a lot of noise from the air conditioning units and the street noise.  The bed was ok, we were so tired from all our sightseeing we would have slept anywhere. On the plus side it was in a great location, 2 minute walk to Times square.
bubble_30	We landed early, unfortunately had to wait a few hours for our room! Service wasn't too bad, room is average, good for the budget and it has all the basis we need. Location is perfect, a min walk from times square and all amenities.
bubble_10	Last December (2014) we stayed at this hotel for few days. We found it to be the filthiest hotel we have ever stayed. It should NOT be allowed to be opened. Carpets were stained, stinking and dirtied, in the corridors and in the room, mattress was overused, with crushed springs.  The staff were very kind.
bubble_30	Great location. Just next to Times Square.  We had so much planned and we were out all day every day. The hotel was very basic but suited our needs perfectly. A comfy bed for the night, clean and toilet and bathroom with shower
bubble_40	People this hotel is all about location its just off Times Square. Sure it's in need for a renovation but let's be honest what more do you want from a hotel once it has a comfy bed and a TV for the night time was you can wash yourself this is the place for you when it comes to value for money. It's not the beat on the eye but you're not going to be staying in the hotel all day your going to be out and about. Recommend for friendliness handiness and value for money.
bubble_50	Stayed here for a week in 2014 and cannot fault the hotel at all. Perfect location and friendly staff. Room and bathroom were just basic - ideal for just getting your head down. Too much to do in New York to be worrying about the room!!!
bubble_10	Dirt showers, rude staff, unsafe, rust, uncomfortable beds. Stay away from this hotel dont eat the food and please spend less for a nice hotel elsewhere, i think i saw a rat like 5 times! Comfort Inn instead
bubble_30	If you are after a place to rest after a busy day exploring and aren't too fussy about luxury the Carter is perfect. It is budget, basic and not everything works all that well but it is close to everything and who goes to New York to stay in a hotel anyway. Money saved meant more money spent on site seeing and shopping.
bubble_10	Stayed here back in 2005, great prices, great photos and right in times square.   When we arrived, the location was great but inside the hotel was a different story. We had to try 4 different rooms before we found an acceptable one. By acceptable I mean the sheets were clean and the room vacuumed as it came quite clear that this place was a mess.   There was carpet on the walls and people complaining every day. We went with 10 lads so we found it charming and a joke to see people having complaints. The vending machine in the lobby gave you a different drink no matter what you chose. There was a homeless guy asleep in the lobby at night who we had seen cleaning the hotel earlier in the day.  On the days I didnt see him clean, he was sleeping on the streets. We got bit by bed bugs
bubble_30	I have to say I was slightly nervous about staying here after the online reviews I had read. But having booked a bargain flight/hotel deal and seeing the location, I was willing to give it a go. The hotel I found wasn't as bad as I had read by any stretch - yes it is quite dated, the lifts are old and rooms have seen better days. We arrived by cab late evening, and straight away I was amazed by how close we were to Times Square - literally a stone's throw away and we could see the bright lights.  You couldn't ask for a better located hotel if you are here for sight seeing, which we were.  The reception staff were friendly and very helpful in terms of organising the room, airport shuttle and things like that. Internet is available in the reception area, for a small fee, which
bubble_30	Right in the center of it all, Times Square 10 steps away, Hard Rock cafe, walking distance to the Empire state building and Madison Square Gardens, this hotel has it all. Stroll along 5th Avenue to Central Park great....What do people want for the price, my room was clean tidy, the staff were nice and polite, ok The "Ritz" it's not but nor is it the pits either, really enjoyed my 5 night there and yes I will go back, I felt safe walking around New York by day and night, stay on the tourist track though
bubble_30	I think this one of d oldest hotel in ny which make it very interesting , d building specially d elevator is aged , Something that makes it unique . The location is one of the best,  if u want to be near to time square , just a few walk and ur in d busy area of time square   The room is so small and it has the old smell . The bed is not dat comfy it is hard , the aircon is also very old dats why it is noisy. The toilet is really creepy ... I think rooms need some renovation and upgrade  The price is comparatively cheaper , which is a big factor , for me i will stay and still recommend this hotel ....
bubble_20	Location is perfect!! But I would like to pay a little more for a clean room, clean A/C and a clean bath tub. The room was a mess. The mattresses are cheap. May be I will book again for a solo business trip but never with my family.
bubble_30	The hotel is a good option for low-budget trips. If you are expecting to receive a 5 stars quality, do not stay in this hotel. This hotel is good for its location. It is near Times Square. It is affordable and a quiet place to rest in the night, but not be be away the good night life of the City.
bubble_30	My Partner and i stayed here from 6th May 2014 to 12th May  2014, the location of this hotel is what sold it for us, located just a 30 second walk away from time square this was everything we were looking for, although the hotel had a few small defect such as bits of plaster missing off the walls in the corridors and no views from the room windows this was not an issue as being in such an amazing city we spent very little time in the room unless we were sleeping. There are no safes in the rooms which meant carrying all paper work and passports with us at all times to make sure they were always safe. if you get hungry in the night there is a delicious pizza shop across from the hotel and a shop / cafe next door to the hotel that was open 24/7. there is no WiFi in the rooms but
bubble_20	The location could've been any better, walk distance to Times Square...the hote itself is OK, for one night! The downside of it (for someone with kids) there is a gentleman's club(cheetah)annexed to the hotel lobby, which is very uncomfortable! The room and the bathroom are very small, but it's clean, you get what you paid for I guess!
bubble_40	I've been to NYC before and know how expensive it is so when we found this at $150 Aussie a night we though why not. Very basic but that's all we needed. Less than two minutes and your staring at the bright lights of Times Square.   Yes the staff are average (one male receptionist was lovely but the rest weren't) but I went in knowing that from reviews. Would definitely stay again if I'm on a budget
bubble_30	The hotel itself is a two-star but it has an incredible location and is about half the price of other hotels in the area. It's a place to sleep and not much else. We were here for new years eve and it was safe, convenient, clean and warm. The staff aren't as bad as they say in some of the reviews, and if you need one - ask for an iron!
bubble_40	We stayed here for a week in October 2014 and new from previous reviews that it could possibly be the worst hotel ever but from the moment we stepped out the taxi we loved it.  We were helped with our bags up the stairs and then greeted by the hotel staff who were polite and friendly.  Yes the hotel looks like its been in New York for a long long time but thats what adds to its charm.  the lifts were absolutely fine, as previous reviews said they were very slow and were constantly busy, we were on the 21st floor and in the 7 days we were there only had to que once which was on a weekend night when a big group had arrived.    Our room was very spacious and had a good view of Times Square, which is literally just on your doorstep!!  the bed was huge and very comfy and i slept
bubble_30	This place is not real pretty, however for the price we aren't complaining. We were actually expecting worse going from the reviews on here.  If you are chasing somewhere cheap that is centrally located, this place may suit. Don't be expecting any bells and whistles though, for us it was fine because we were out all day and only using it as a bed at night.
bubble_40	You get what you pay for remember that. But even though the price was on the cheaper side the location (right near all the broadway plays, Times Square, and Rockafella center) this is where u want to be. The rooms are nothing special but like I mentioned before if all u need is a place to rest your head and keep your things then this is a great location for you. The service was outstanding as well and very helpful. The front desk over heard me joking with my girlfriend and then told me my card was decline just to mess back with me (even though it wasn't) but the friendly atmosphere right off the bar was awesome and only got better from there. So if your on a budget and don't mind an average room then this is where you want to stay. Will def be back on my trips to NYC
bubble_40	Hotel Carter is a solid no-nonsense hotel which offers an excellent location & a great value to those on a budget. The staff were helpful and efficient. The rooms were neat and orderly. For the money one could not expect more. Job well done.
bubble_50	Without a doubt, we would stay here again!! Yes, the room was quite small, but not any smaller than one we stayed at in Chicago. It's what you expect in a large city and one a smaller budget. Perfect for our needs, comfy bed, good shower. Elevators worked well. No complaints! We drove in and there is a parking garage right next door and also one across street. That one was more expensive, it looked better; but we took the chance with the one next to us and it was fine! There is a small diner attached to the Hotel Carter and we ate breakfast there both mornings. Very good and extremely reasonably priced! Like what I am used to in the Midwest.
bubble_30	Its about the location and price.  Less than a block from Times Square, you really can't ask for anything closer reasonably priced.  We have stayed here 2 other times because the location, price, friendly helpful staff and renovated rooms.  We asked for a room that was on the 4th floor (previously renovated) but was told it was closed for inspection and we got a room on the 17 floor.  For some reason the furnace wasn't turned on (being from Florida we had no idea how to turn it on - lol), so we asked for a space heater, but the front desk sent a maintenance man to the room within 5 minutes as they said it should come on automatically.  The room looked like it was renovated already as well and was spacious as compared to other rooms we've had in the past.   Upon checkout, we
bubble_40	If you are reading all of these negative reviews and wonder, "Am I maybe making a mistake?", let me tell you that, as a purveyor of cheap hotels, I have stayed in far worse places. Is it really worth an extra hundred dollars a night for you to have a room without a bad paint job? Or an extra trash bin? If that answer is "yes", then go right ahead Daddy Warbucks. For the rest of us derelicts, there's the Hotel Carter.  THE GOOD: - 3 very fast-moving elevators. Two staircases that will suffice if it's rush hour. People complain about these cramped rooms, but lower ceilings lead to less stairs between floors. Fact! - I had no problems with either of our beds. I am particular about pillows, because I get headaches easily, but they were soft (like, your head almost falls through
bubble_40	The location can't be beat and the price is very reasonable. I bought my room for $90 a night which was great. The hotel quality is better than what I could have hoped for with that price. My only complaint is that the hotel was old. I wouldn't book this hotel if you are looking for a luxary retreat, but if you just want a place to book for a fun night in the city this hotel is perfect. I am a college student and I would suggest this to other young adults. There is a lot of security and it was decently clean. The hotel is outdated, but it was worth it due to with the location.
bubble_30	My cousin and I stayed at the Carter for 5 nights in December. We were slightly hesitant to book due to the reviews as we are only 18 and 20 but our stay was most enjoyable.  Our room was fine for what we needed - a place to go to sleep- it was clean, staff were friendly and the location was amazing.  The value for money was pretty impressive and meant we had more money to spend on shopping!  Only downside was the wifi, I didn't agree with having to pay for it. Wouldn't hesitate to stay again.
bubble_10	Staying here again I'm a gluten for punishment.The hotel Carter has to be one of the worst hotels around,it's dirty,old,run down,staff unfriendly,dangerous (plug sockets hanging out the walls)and still quite expensive (100+ per night)the only saving grace is its basically in Times Square and the cheapest you can find in this location.So don't expect the hilton ...far from it.
bubble_40	This is the main place we tend to stay when we visit the city. You cannot get better location wise, just round the corner from the Hard Rock Cafe in Times Square means you are away from the noise of the streets below but still right in the middle of it all. The hotel rooms are out dated, but our rooms are always clean and we have always been able to check in early which is a real bonus. If you and a friend/partner are looking for a base close to Times Square where you can head back to sleep then this place is ideal. You will not find a hotel this close to Times Square that is cheaper than this one, so if you are on a budget and aren't worried about aesthetics then this place is ideal. It is clean and it is close; what more do you need to be honest?
bubble_30	You get what you pay for. If you want to stay in time square but cannot afford or you have a tight budget then this hotel is good. their rate is really good but their room or the hotel is not that fancy. It's basically "as long as i have a place to sleep at night and a place to shower every morning then i don't mind"  No free wifi, the network in the room was bad for some reason
bubble_30	We stayed 3x nights and the location was fantastic  just seconds away from Times Square, the metro,food and entertainment. Unfortunately the service was horrible with staff doing as little as possible to help and make you feel welcome and  comfortable.  If you're wanting a central location with no frills this is the spot for you. The rooms are basic, clean and beds are comfy. It's a good place for a short stay.
bubble_30	They don't offer free Wifi, ridiculous in 2014! They charge you 10 dollars for the day! The tv channels were also very limited. No comforters either. Good location, decent bed and shower. Believe you can find a better place for the price
bubble_50	Hi,  Myself and my mom (from Ireland) have stayed in the wonderful Hotel Carter for Thanksgiving the past 2 years and cant compliment it enough. It is value for money in the best location in the heart of NYC. Plain, simple and comfortable. Its absolutely brilliant! (only downside if i had to pick one, would be the lack of wifi, but hey, starbucks is close by!) Will definatley be staying there again this year!!
bubble_30	For 78 dollars a night, you cannot best the convenience of being in the middle of Times Square and so close walking distance to most things you'd like to see. I highly recommend it and this is the second time I've stayed there in 2 years.
bubble_30	Can't beat location.  Room was basic and adequate.  Stayed with myself and 3 kids.  Room was just to sleep in and chill after busy days.  Served the purpose.  Was some mould high up on walls but not big deal to us.  Everything else was perfectly clean. Basic, but clean. Would stay again for price.
bubble_40	Perfect Location!!! only 1 minute walk to times scuare and 5 minutes walk to port authority bus and subway terminal!!  Not to Bad!! Is my 7 time in this hotel... is like a love and hate relationship! But the Location always win!
bubble_20	The hotel was surprisely bad! They does not sale what they really have looks like or worse than a hostel! They doesn't give wifi! Unbelievable in 2015! The room was terrible and the also the service! The only good thing is the location!
bubble_50	This was my wife's first trip to New York and the hotel made a hero out of me. I booked the stay thru the internet. After reading all sort of mixed commentaries, I chose it for the location. Got in early (1030a) and asked for early check-in, but hotel was full. The young guy told me to come back at 1230p and he would have a room ready. Got a room on the 19th floor, with a view!!! The room was small, but big enough for the two of us, after all, we spent the day walking and sightseeing. Check out was a breeze, no receipt because, as they explained, the internet confirmation was the receipt. Planning to come back and stay at, you guessed it, The Carter.
bubble_20	The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is its location. It is right across the Theater District and Times Square. We stayed there for 3 nights during the New Year and the price was cheap for such a good location: $139 per night. However, don't expect anything else from this place. When we arrived there, the reception was crowded and there was just one Chinese lady to handle the check-in, who was not friendly at all. We were given a room in the 4th floor and it was the worst room I've ever stayed. There were 2 queen beds very close to each other, no furniture, no mini-fridge, no safety locker, no hair dryer, etc. The walls were worn out and there was a big hole, similar to a mouse hole, in one of them, which had been covered with a sheet of paper. The bath towels were
bubble_10	Despite the low price, this is doesn't worth it!! Me and my gf stayed there for only one night, but this was bad from the beginning to the end. First of all, at the entrance to the hotel there are high stairs that weren't so easy with the luggage. After that, the staff wasn't nice, tried to force us to spend money on the luggage and taxi and the room was tiny and dirty.
bubble_30	Other reviews sometimes claims this is a really horrible place to stay. Well... It's not so bad! Great location (1 block from Times Square), and cheap!  Sure, I did find a couple of cockroaches in the bathroom, but they were easily killed. There's no breakfast at the hotel, but that's probably for the better. Cleaning is ok. The staff was pretty helpful, as well.
bubble_20	Before we booked our stay at the Carter Hotel we looked at the reviews and had mix feelings like everyone else. Some pictures look better than others and we reserved because Christmas in New York is EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE! The only good thing about this hotel is the location. That's it!! When we booked we asked for a renovated room since we saw that unless you asked for a renovated room they will just give you an old post war looking room. The staff was friendly at the beginning, we had some young Chinese chick that helped us checking in. As soon as we walked into our room we got out and went to the lobby. The "renovated room" was nothing like the pictures. I can adapt to anything and more if I'm saving a buck but this was awful. I know we were going to NYC and all we do is walk
bubble_10	We paid about $300 a night for a room. if you're going to charge that amount for such a rubbish hotel, at least include free wifi. The only thing it has going for it, is location. There were liquid stains on the walls no body had bothered to clean. The most pathetic bath towels ever. Bathroom did not even have soap to wash hands. No bedside table with a lamp, did not appear to have a remote to switch the tv on.
bubble_20	Great location but not much else to say! The hotel wasn't clean. When we arrived our shower was clogged, the doona had stains and very small room. It was close to everything which is why we stayed here and we were also on a budget.
bubble_20	Our first night at a different property was cancelled so we had to book this place for a night. The lobby was small and hasn't been updated since prohibition. It's a miracle the elevators still run. We were booked into a room with a broken door. Had to go back to the lobby, wait in line again, to be switched to another room. It was clean enough with a tiny bathroom. The window faced a brick wall but whatever, it's New York. There are no drawers to put clothes in & the closet is gross. Don't use it. We basically slept with our clothes on and left before check out.
bubble_30	My husband and I were compelled to stay here because we had friends from Sweden staying at the same hotel. It is a very busy hotel.  Driss, (the Manager?] was extremely kind and helpful.  A mini fridge was sent to our room within 10 minutes of our check in and at no extra cost when I mentioned that I needed one to store my medications. There is reasonable security from the entrance onwards. The vaults are conveniently located and easily accessible 24 hours of the day at a reasonable fee. The room was large enough. The view was great.  We were on the 17th floor.   The beds were large and comfy. The linen were good. The bathroom was less than basic although clean enough. The storage room to hang clothes did not have light.  The staff are very good and competent.  Location,
bubble_30	I don't think you could find any other hotel at a walk-able distance from the Times Square at such a low prize. This is the biggest plus about this hotel and nothing else. The rooms are totally cramped up, the walls are all worn out with patches. They are moderately clean. You get a paid wi-fi.  But then which other hotel would you get for so cheap right in the heart of mid-town Manhattan, just a couple of minutes walk from times square.  Go there only if you are going alone. Strictly not for families.
bubble_20	After reading reviews of this hotel before booking, I was pretty positive before I got there that it was going to be really average, and I was not wrong. I only stayed 2 nights but that was enough. It's old and run down and just kind of dodgy. It was clean enough and for me who only wanted a bed to crash in and a shower for a cheap price, it was fine.  Just be prepared for it to be crap and don't expect anything special.  The staff I came into contact with we're ok..not overly helpful but I didn't really need them to be. Checked me in and out with no fuss and that's all I needed. Wifi was something ridiculous like $14 USD per day..safe to say I went without.  The location seems like it's good, and theoretically it is..right around the corner from the Theatre District and Times
bubble_10	Hotel was very bad no service not clean room bad atmosphere there is no care of the stuff also there clothes not clean really it my last time to be in this hotel thanks for god I left this hotel without any aller
bubble_30	If you are looking for a bargain just steps away from the theater district and Times Square this could be for you.  Just be forewarned of the condition.  We knew pretty much what to expect and it was exactly as we expected.  Think budget European Backpacker Pension, prepare yourself and youll be just fine.  What I did have trouble reconciling was the shameless inattention to even the most basic of touches that could improve the premises dramatically.  For the marginal cost of applying a coat of paint in the room and bathroom, the whole atmosphere would change.  Other items difficult to overlook were:  no blankets (unless you ask for them), obscenely dirty windows (there is a charming old-town view), highly questionable hygiene of the bathroom, inadequate lighting, and safety
bubble_40	I read a lot of reviews about this hotel and I was so scared and was trying to cancel it. But im on a tight  budget so I have to gamble my stay and I already booked it and no time to look for another one. Well, when me and my friend came back from Canada late at night,  we were greeted with the guy from reception and his very nice , polite and helpful in every way. So we went to our room. Was old and tiny bug clean . So it doesn't bother us. Anyway what we stay for is because it's close to everything. And we're not staying in the hotel all day  but we're always out and just come back  during sleeping time at night. So for me it was average for the price I pay. And I'm happy.
bubble_10	Don't let this hotel's amazing location blind you! We stayed here literally to crash the night on a very impromptu trip and the price was unbeatable for a Times Square hotel. I guess maybe I've seen too much law and order, but we felt like there was a murder going on downstairs because of all the noises and screaming, plus the radiator was making the craziest banging noise and the rats crawling around must have been the size of small raccoons. I didn't even use the restroom. Went to the breakfast place across the street because it was so gross! After we got back, a few months later this hotel was featured in top 10 worst hotels in America! Seriously, staying at a hostel in Ukraine might have been less scary!!!
bubble_30	For a hotel in Midtown, this is an incredibly cheap price. Which means you should lower your expectations of the rooms a bit. But it's New York - you won't spend much time in the hotel anyway. And though not particularly nice, the rooms are fine. It's a very old hotel and it shows. And there are no frills at all. But everything works and things are relatively clean. The location is amazing. I slept fine because I use earplugs - but it's essentially right in Times Square, so it might be a bit noisy for light sleepers. Basically, anywhere else in the world, I would not consider this a particularly nice hotel. But for that price, in that location, it's a great deal.
bubble_40	This was a great deal. If youre looking for luxury, this is not it. But I got such a great price on this hotel in such a great location that I was really happy. I was a little nervous after reading some reviews but I was pleasantly surprised that it was a big bed, the room was clean and we had no issues. We tried to check in early but we were told to come back at 3 pm which is what we expected anyway so we were fine with that. The service was good and we were checked in right at three when we came back. Its basically right around the corner from the subway station and about  block away from the Times Square area so you can find whatever you need. We could hear some noise from traffic but we turned the fan on and that helped a lot.  Sure this place could use some updating but
bubble_30	We pay only for the location. Very close from the Times Square (2min), Broadway theaters (nexo street) and the Subway stations.  The rooms doesn't have a frigobar or a microwaves to prepare a quick meal ( they don't have breakfast), you have to pay for internet.
bubble_40	Being that this hotel is considerably cheaper than any hotel in the same area, we weren't expecting much, so we were rather surprised instead of dissapointed when we checked in. Service was good - we had originally booked a single double bed, and they upgraded it to a king for no cost. A lot of reviews we read prior to said the carpet was dirty and gross - honestly, it was very clean and looked like it was fairly new. Everything in the room was clean - including every part of the bathroom. The location was perfect, we were within close walking to distance to the middle of times square, and the subway system (which was very easy to use). It is also just blocks away from Port Authority bus terminal where there are airport shuttles to all the airports. This was the end of our
bubble_10	We chose Hotel Carter for location and cost, but even with our budget expectations we were shocked at the poor level of service. Whilst the location was great... Within walking distance of most attractions, it also had its down side. Right off Times Square, we experienced extreme noise mostly from the roof top air con from other buildings!! Ear plugs required even on the 20th floor! Whilst the bedding was changed every two days, our room was dirty, and falling apart: bed stacked up on block missing one leg; a bedside lamp but no plug socket by bed so we had to put it on a chair by window; tiles pulled off wall in bathroom; great sized bath... No plug; dirty stained carpets; oh and for at least a week of our 10 day stay, no heating! We were missing a pillow... It took two days to
bubble_40	This hotel was dirt cheap, and so we expected the worst. However all we wanted was somewhere to rest at night, as we didn't come to NYC to spend time in the hotel. However when we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised. We were located on the 5th floor, so not too far up. The room was clean, as was the shower and the sheets. There was a widescreen tv too, and the noise wasnt too bad either. The location is perfect for tourists. Literally 2 minutes to the heart of Times Square. The hotel is also located right next to the subway station for JFK. There is no wi-fi, and to purchase the online option is far too expensive. I paid for time on the PC's downstairs, which isnt cheap but not as expensive, otherwise I just latched onto as much free wifi as i could find (Starbucks). Staff
bubble_50	The staff  was very professional especially the night auditor Nester! My room was clean! Budget friendly!  Great location,Already booked for my next stay in January!! I will most definitely recommended to family and friends who will be visiting NYC!
bubble_40	Ignore the negative reviews holidaymakers, Hotel Carter is a great budget option right in the heart of manhattan. On arriving in New York at Penn Station we made the short walk up 6th avenue and I was amazed at how well placed the hotel really is. Lying only a stones throw from time square and within walking distance to most must see sights for a New York virgin like myself. The member of staff on reception was genuinely friendly however importantly during our stay the staff weren't overbearing which can be almost worse when staying somewhere. We stayed on the 10th floor and the elevator could have been straight out of 30s New York and thinking about it..it most probably was. The room was a little tired but the beds were comfortable and my only real criticism was that if
bubble_30	I must admit, at first I was a bit scared with the posts about there being a murder there. I was even going to cancel my stay. Then I heard from friends that, well, it is New York and people tend to get murdered so that should not judge my stay. It was a quite old and a bit ragged but the room was still clean. The staff was very nice. However, I did request a wake up call and received none (except the call I got at 4 am from another room asking if I was a pizzaria). When I approached the person at the desk about the lack of a wake up call, she explained that she forgot which I was not impressed about but she was very apologetic.  For the price and location, I would recommend this place.
bubble_40	After reading the reviews after booking I began to panic. After trying to book else where for a family room that would include a teenager in with us we were stuck with this hotel. As we planned on exploring all day and only using the hotel for sleep and showering I came equipped. Our suitcases contained detox wipes, sprays, bed sheets, bug spray etc.   On arrival we were meet by friendly door man (Sergio) and friendly reception staff. First impressions were that yes the place was dated but it was clean and tidy. Good start. We were checked in and set off for our room. No waiting for the lift like others had mentioned. We arrived at the 11th floor in a matter of seconds.   On entering the room we were pleasantly surprised. Clean, tidy and everything we needed. Lots of sockets for
bubble_50	This is my 2nd time there. My 1st was in 2007, and thought I didn't experienced the horror stories people posted, but the place was neglected, tacky, and shabby. This time I came to stay after the renovation (mainly because of the price and location) and I was surprised in a good way. Not only did the change the lobby, but the rooms too: the wall to wall carpet was new in some of the floors (my room was on the 4th floor but I checked other floors too), new furnitures, and remodeling in the restroom. Another thing is efficiency: a burned out lightbulb was replaced in less then 10 minutes of reporting, things like an extra soap and toilet paper could be given in the front dest without waiting for the maid service to get it for you.  At a price of half the cost of hotels in Times
bubble_50	What a neat place to stay and so close to Times Square. The room (2 singles) was nicer than expected, with space to move around and a nice window. Everything was very clean though of course older. There was some neighbor and street noise, but not bothersome. Perfect place to stay for a NYC visit!
bubble_40	This was my friends and I"s first trip to New York we wanted somewhere cheap and cheerful near all the main sights where we could dump out things and rest our tired selfs at night. Having read the reviews we were prepared for this to be the worst hotel we have ever encountered. When we arrived though we were pleasantly surprised! The room was tidy, the bathroom was tidy and the bed were made and had clean sheets on them. The staff were great and were happy to help us with any questions. The hotel is old and could do with a bit of TLC but the location you cant complain at! and is worth every penny. The biggest downside is that the hotel does not offer free wi-fi and the prices they were wanting to charge for wi-fi were over the top but there are plenty of starbucks around that
bubble_30	Let me say that visitors to NYC generally look for higher quality amenities to relish the experience. My colleagues stayed at another hotel right down the street and gushed about it. Well, I'm speaking generous volumes about Hotel Carter. This offering on 43rd Street is quiet and the ROOM was clean. The lobby reminded me of a hostel with rows of luggage sitting about and numerous folks hanging out waiting for...who knows? Again, the positive - MY ROOM was quiet and clean. Bare bones with suspect TV reception and WiFi that cost by the hour. Since I wasn't there to write a review for Architect's Weekly, I was only in my room for a short time. The elevator was excruciatingly slow and the crowd waiting grew by the minute. Many opted for the stairs. Be forewarned that this property
bubble_10	We stayed at this hotel based on the price since we were in New York for a seminar. We were able to check in early which was a bonus. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The hotel itself is very outdated and run down. I would caution anyone that they need to temper their expectations seriously and focus on the fact that the location is excellent but the rooms leave alot to be desired. I won't be staying there again.
bubble_20	This is the third time we stayed at this hotel and this is probably the last one. We were staying at 7th floor. The floor was dirty, the doors of the rooms were so old that you can easily  open them without a key. The room was dirty as well except the sheets and towels that were clean. The door to the bathroom was broken,  the bathroom itself was old and badly needs to be repaired. The only plus of this  hotel is location.
bubble_30	Went to the hotel Carter in New York. It was a shopping holiday for my friend and I. We stayed here as all we wanted was a bed and a shower, we had heard some bad things about it but we decided to go any way. The hotel was very old and dated but I have to say it was spotless clean. When we arrived the reception staff and security was very helpful and even upgraded us because when they told us we were on the 21 st floor my friend nearly had a heart attack. So they put us on the 5 th .they changed the bed and towels twice in the week we were there. I would stay there again. The location is brilliant right beside everything . Only thing that was not great little coffee shop attached to hotel was very expensive and the wifi in the hotel was a ridiculous price.
bubble_20	This hotel gets 5 stars for location, 3 stars for friendly front-desk and concierge service and no stars for every other amenity --- not very clean, iffy electric in the room (I had to fix the lamp), a barely warm shower, no room service, no hair dryer, old carpets and bed coverings. DO NOT use for any kind of romantic getaway. But if you intend to barely sleep there --- maybe you can deal. Which a lot of people do, because it's full even though it's over $200/night. I was worried about bed bugs and kept my suitcase up on the desk but came away clean.
bubble_10	this was possibly the WORST hotel we've ever stayed at. the kind of hotel that when you take a shower you feel dirtier afterwards. don't waste your time or money, spend $50 more and stay at a nice CLEAN hotel. oh, and the strip club next door really adds to the griminess.
bubble_30	My fiancee and I went wanted to go to NYC last winter and found a well-rated hotel near Rockefeller Center. The hotel  staff was professional, and welcomed us to the hotel. After arriving at the room we noticed that ancient electrics and electronics were in place. The cable was not connected correctly to the television and extension cords were used throughout the room.  The hotel needs a serious upgrade to justify their nightly rates. The bathroom looked as though it not updated since the Art  Deco era. The room was mostly neat and tidy overall. It was close to the sites we wanted to visit and walking distance to places to eat.
bubble_10	I am appalled that such a place exists on any of the popular booking websites. It is THE WORST place I have ever stayed at in my life. It was overpriced, dirty, disgusting, no room service, old sheets from the 60s or 70s and I thought the location would make up for it. The bathroom was a disaster and the carpets haven't been vacuumed in years. For only 20-30$ extra we could have stayed at a place 10x better. I have stayed at 40$ motels that looked better than this mess. I can't believe they are still in business for the prices they offer ??!!
bubble_40	Went once again for Comic Con. A bit of a snafu after they didn't have it available for our dates then did at the last minute. Room was a bit small for 4 people but we made it work and happy the walls seem to be thick as we did get a bit noisy while playing board and card games at night. Close to good places to eat and a bubble tea place down the street. The deli downstairs is great and now delivers. Can't wait to go again next year!!
bubble_20	We stayed here because of the location and the price, and it was perfect for our thrifty little visit to New York. Sure, it's not luxury and could use a lick of paint, but seriously...it was clean enough, and the staff were friendly enough, we had a place to rest after a day out in the big apple! Tips for people looking to stay here, bring your own toiletries and towels, and just remember that you've paid a fraction of the price of other Times Square hotels, and you do get what you pay for. I'd definitely go back and recommend the carter to anyone looking for central location at budget price. I've stayed in a lot worse and no, there was no body under our bed although I did find a pair of socks!
bubble_20	We knew what we was going to get so no disepointment there. It is a 1-2 star hotel so you cant demand too much. But I found mold by the window and thats not okey for me, no matter what.   Excepted from the mold I have few complains, cheap hotel with an okey location (Good if you like the area around Time Square).   One thing is that you have to pay for wifi at the hotel, I hope they will change this soon, couse not even in Eastern Europe you get a room without wifi these days. And the thing is that you have two Starbucks close to the hotel wich have free wifi so I dont think a lot of people buy there expensive wifi coupons.
bubble_10	The only good thing about the hotel is the location. Then, everything is bad: the hotel is not cheap and the quality is really low. The rooms are not cleaned everyday. There is not extractor in the bathroom, so the fire alarm started to sound when opening the bathroom after having a shower. The rooms are very noisy, you can hear people in the rooms next to you. Moreover, staff is not friendly. I strongly recommend you not to stay in this hotel, as it can ruin your holidays. For sure I'm not coming back.
bubble_10	This hotel deserves the title  of the durtiest hotel in the world.  It was a great hotel 250 years ago, but nowadays it is a avoid -hotel.   It has a great location, near times square and other important places, but it does not worthwhile.
bubble_50	We were so lucky to find this hotel. I found it on the AARP site and the room rate was only $117.00. We stayed 4 nights and got an additional discount! The hotel is located in the HEART of Manhattan on 43rd and 8th, right next door to the Lyric theatre. When we left the theater we walked 30 steps and was home! You are only a few blocks from Times Square and truly in the center of the theater district. The check in was easy, the staff very friendly and the room was great. Although we thought we were getting a double bed, it turned out to be a King on the 15th floor. No view, but everything was right outside. Many of the guests appeared to be foreign. It is the type of room you would find in Europe very clean, very efficient. We also had a corner room which was huge. Bathroom and
bubble_20	Let's start with the positive...the list is short. The location is wonderful, walk out of the hotel lobby make a right your in the heart of Time Square, make a left and your right in the Hells Kitchen district. The staff is ok, with the exception of Christian the bell hop, he was friendly.  Now for the cons.....this list can be a mile long. The lobby looks like a run down, dirty, dated,very sad place to be in, let alone have to wait for a long period of time for a shuttle bus, I think I have seen Best Westerns with nice lobbies.  We stayed on the 15th floor, I got off the elevator and was immediately expecting the twins from The Shinning to be at the end of the hallway. Our room had two double beds, no decor, not even a alarm to tell us the time. The paint on the walls, must
bubble_10	Front desk staff are rude especially the asians.  Dont give a crap, sheets had blood and asked me to come down and change them because they where understaffed . Went down to find 5 people and 3 where joking around on their phones. This hotel is a disgrace
bubble_20	my wife and I went to the the hotel knowing the reviews but the position were very  tantalizing!! unfortunately hotel was absolutely horrible and every evening we were scared to come to the room. I can't believe that in one week there was no housekeeper round the floor..
bubble_40	I scored a pretty good price for Hotel Carter via Hotwire, and I was fully aware of its bad reputation when I made the booking. "Dirtiest hotel in America" so it was described to be. But given the price and location, I decided to give it a go (booked it for 3 out of my 8 nights in NYC).  I think there can't be any better location for a hotel in NYC - this is located half a block from Port Authority Bus Terminal (where all the interstate buses terminate in NYC), half a block from Times Square and all the biggest theatres (!!!), and surrounded by subway stations. You simply can't beat this.   A hotel would never give great first impression when they feature half a flight of stairs at the entrance. I wonder why no one has bothered constructing a ramp of some sort. Given that it's
bubble_30	This hotel provides a bed, a bathroom and a roof. It's warm and it's dry. Considering it's only a few yards from Times Square it's good value. On the downside, it's rather faded and grubby, you have to pay to check your luggage, you have to pay for wifi and the lifts are very slow. Our door lock stopped working and we had to go up and down the lift several times to get it fixed. The security man who came had a little machine that opened the door but had little idea on how to use it, so  I had to take over. To be fair, they did then allow us to stay in the room until 2pm to compensate us for the problem. But it's cheap, and if you're in New York why would you want to hang out in your hotel?
bubble_10	Got a classic room,2 double beds. Old looking room, dirty carpet, dirty bathroom . Had a great view of a brick wall, was very close to times square however not worth it. Would have felt cleaner sleeping on the street, I slept on top of the sheets with my sweater as a blanket. Worst hotel ever and such a waste of money. Don't stay here
bubble_30	My husband and I brought kids into ny for two days whilst visiting family in Philadelphia. The beds were comfortable enough with clean bedding. Plenty clean towels and hot water at what would be a busy time in morning so nice it didn't cut to cold. Shower had decent enough pressure too. Dated yes but for price and amazing location we all were safe and slept. I would maybe even return considering how cheap it was!
bubble_20	Pros and cons of this place. Pros..it is literally a step away from Times Square and good eateries nearby. That is where it ends. The hotel needs to be demolished and a new one built. When you enter the hotel, it looks so dodgy and smells like disinfectant poured in its hallway. Carpets are worn out. Our room was okay and the bed looks new.  But the bed seemed to be hastily made with just a sheet thrown on it. No fancy bed making stuff you find in other hotels. The hairdryer in the bathroom was not working. Towels are almost threadbare.  No basic necessities in this hotel such as toiletries and extra towels. You also have to pay for wifi, $12 for a day and if you leave your luggage prior to check in, you have to pay $5 per bag.  Given, that the price is low, you are better off
bubble_40	We stayed at the Carter last year in October and returned this year.  The staff and location is great.  Last year the room was not that great the sink looked like it was going to fall.  This year the room was a lot better.  We stayed in room 1119 or 1911 (sorry, I do remember it was across from the maids station).  The sheets and towels looked fresh.  I still sprayed everything with lysol, just because of the previous reviews.  There were three of us and we had plenty of room. Again, if your a fancy traveler, this is not the place for you.  But if you can rough it alittle, you will love the location and price.  Good Luck!
bubble_10	Dirty room, ragged mattresses, lack of basic necessities, only one electric plug available to recharge our electronics, bathroom door didn't locked. Very Slow elevators, just two towels available per room, non even hand towels!!
bubble_30	my gf and i stayed here  for a couple of days while were in Manhattan  and it was just  what we needed to enjoy all that manhattan has to offer  smack dab right in the heart of all the lights and glamour.  the rooms were reasonable priced considering its location.  Hot n cold showers worked perfectly  beds were ok and a nice television  overall an ok stay
bubble_30	My Mother and I stayed her again, yes I said again! Oct. 21-24. Since I have stayed here before I knew what to expect. Our room was 1929, very high floor and other then an occasionally police siren it was quiet. We could see Times Square from the window. We arrived from Laguardia around 10:30AM via Public Transport on the directions from the hotels reservation agent. Although we were early for check-in our room was ready. They did have a $25 early check-in fee but it worked perfect for us to get settled and freshen up. We had missed breakfast so The Lucky Star Cafe worked for a quick bite. We were prepaid so check-in was flawless. The doorman was always available to help with directions or hailing a cab. We attended three plays (and the Ballet) during our trip and the hotel was
bubble_30	Nice location, nice location, nice location.  Rooms are average, a bit tight.  Bathroom basic but enough, only lacks space for toileteries.  Free Wifi in rooms would have been a great asset, or at least in the lobby.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed here Vday weekend 2014, we didn't care where we stayed as long as it was close to Times Square and semi clean because we didn't plan on spending much time in the room anyway.   Pros: -GREAT LOCATION SERIOUSLY!!! -It was clean, I read bad reviews but we had a clean room -People/Staff were all nice -Good price for NY Hotel  Cons: -Tv didn't really work (But we didn't care)  -Got kinda stuffy in the room so we had the air conditioner on (IN NY during winter lol-again we didn't mind)  -Two Elevators stopped working when we were there so we had to either wait in long lines or take the stairs (Wasn't that big of a deal)   Overall good deal!!! I highly recommend if you aren't super high maintenance, if you are then go somewhere else. (:
bubble_10	I wish, I had read the reviews about the Hotel Carter ( in room 920). I was there on Saturday October 25, 2014. It was so bad, I checked in at 10:20 PM and checked out at 2:25 AM. The bathtub had a green mold ring. The bed top sheet looked clean. However, when I pulled the sheet down a bit. I seen, what looked like RODENT droppings. The toilet and sink were clean... But, I could not sleep there or relax. I was sleep deprived and very disappointed. I will NEVER stay at the Hotel Carter... Every again!!
bubble_30	After reading reviews on here and only needing one nights lodging in the heart of NYC we stayed at Hotel Carter.  It really didn't bother us that much having traveled many parts of the world but for some it probably would bother how run down the place is. We felt welcome and safe and didn't feel like we were still dirty leaving the room. Sheet smelled clean, bathroom was clean and hot water, clean smelling towels, etc. No remote in the room, phone didn't work to call the from desk so I tried to call the hotel phone number and no one answered 2 x in a row... did finally get a working remote and they have very limited local channels.  Internet is $9.95 which isn't bad for NYC. Everything is very dated in the room and through out the hotel.  Bottom line is if you are used to a
bubble_40	Great place. Silent rooms. Old carpet. Small rooms. If you prefer spend your money in theaters, that's the place. Best price in midtown. Close to subway and port authorit bus station. Easy to eat. 24hs people on street
bubble_20	If you believe in the "just a place to change and sleep" saying then this hotel would suit your needs. However, after long days of sight seeing I like to feel at least comfortable in hotels and I did not at Hotel Carter. Location wise, this place couldn't be more central to Times Square and all staff were pleasant and helpful.   Positives: huge bed, clean sheets, clean toilet and shower, friendly and helpful staff.  Negatives: Very dated decor, rundown and in desperate need of refurbishment. Room was dark and dingy. Very dusty to the point of I sneezed constantly and had itchy eyes the entire time spent in the room! As the room was rather stuffy in September time, I turned on the fan to get some cool air into the room which only blew out more dust!  Overall, I didn't have a very
bubble_30	A hotel at time square. The room i stayed is reasonably clean and safe. Housekeeping is done on alternate day but it is sufficient as we are hardly in the room except sleeping. Time square only sleep after 2pm.
bubble_50	Had another WONDERFUL stay at the Hotel Carter in NYC!!!!  Each and every time I stay there, the manager and staff never fail to out-do themselves with their great hospitality and service!  If you want to get in on NYC's best kept secret, book a room at the Hotel Carter.  The spacious rooms are clean, and comfortable, PLUS you get your own PRIVATE BATHROOM, a great commodity when booking a reasonable hotel in Manhattan!  You cannot beat the great location, phenomenal service, and reasonable price ANYWHERE in New York City!
bubble_10	Wasn't for its location it wod have been the worse stay eva!  We traveled in a group of 8, all family and booked 2 rooms, both with 2 queen beds, one being accessible.  Getting there the elevator to lift mother up the stairs wasn't properly functioning and took us a while, no help with luggages up the stairs either and we also had my grandparents with us, rest being all girls in their 20ties.  They put us all together in a room with 3 queen beds only and no accessible bathroom as confirmed down the reception, had us taking keys to check if others rooms suited our needs and eventually put each group in a different floor, wasn't for the bed being too tall in the handicapped room it would be ok, as for the other room, a tiny space in between beds and no waking space, dirty, smelly,
bubble_20	My two friends and I stayed at Hotel Carter from October 16th-October 20th.  Upon arrival, it wasn't so bad. We didn't have high standards when we booked the room, really just looking for a place to crash after long days of sightseeing. That was all it was really good for to us.  Some good things: Price, Location, maybe one or two helpful staff  Bad Things:  - Check-in isn't until 3pm, You have to Pay $5 a bag to store it at the hotel and it sits in the lobby with one guy watching all the bags.  - There's wifi, but it's not complimentary, and expensive. So that was a bit of a bummer.  - Some people have already stated the room only gets cleaned once every two days. We were there for four and the room wasn't cleaned once despite specifically asking both the front desk and the
bubble_40	This was my second time staying at this hotel and it really hard to find much fault with it when you look at the price you're paying.  It's located right in the heart of midtown, a minutes walk from Time Square.  The hotel itself is old and worn looking, carpets a little worn, the furniture in the rooms is very basic but if you.re like me and have no interest in spending time in a hotel room when on holidays this place is perfect.  The beds are comfortable and the bathroom has all you need.  On a down side, the rooms are only cleaned every second day and also the lifts are small and can be very busy in the morning.  Don't use their airport shuttle, you can get one across the road outside the Port Authority bus terminal for half the price!!  So, if you're fussy, stay away.  If
bubble_30	Let's face it, if you come to Times Square it is to see as much as you can and sleep as little as possible. The Hotel is old but it had all the basics needed. When I booked the room, it said it was going to have a double bed but it had a King which was a nice surprise! The water pressure was weak but again, it worked. The people who worked there was very pleasant.
bubble_30	The hotel was not particuly cheap well situated for Time Square the room smelt of mould there were no chest of draws or bedside tables the water was hot most of the time no plugs in sink or bath it cost 5 dollars to leave your bag not per room per bag. The towels were tiny but changed every other day the paint work all over the hotel was shabby to say the least.
bubble_10	We stayed in the hotel  for two nights. Carpets were really dirty. Bags with trash everywhere. No water pressure at all. When we opened the closet for first time, trash bags were there and it looked that it had been there for a while. They didn't even clean the room from one day to the other, they did not make the  beds the second day either. Phone didn't work. It was cold and they didn't have blankets. When I asked at the front desk for a blanket ( we didn't have any in the room) they told us that they didn't have more. Windows were so old that they didn't close.  I wouldn't suggest staying in this hotel. Even though, front desk people were ok and location couldn't be any better, unless you want to live the worst hotel experience in your life , DO NOT go to this hotel.
bubble_20	I prepared myself for the worst, thank gawd because the hotel is pretty bad.  Bring shoes for the shower & prepare for a long shower with no water pressure.  Room 1501 at least had a view (kinda) & flat screen tv (but cc wouldn't turn off & volume surged) It's all about LOCATION with this hotel, if you avoid the room & aren't suicidal, it's great!!
bubble_30	I was worried. I read the reviews and saw pictures but the price and location were so intriguing, I went with it. New York is expensive. So fun but everything costs money. So I decided to stay in a bit of a cheaper hotel and have money for other things. The lobby could be helped a little. Make it more cozy/welcoming. We stayed on the 17th floor and the room was comfortable. Going into it we were suppose to have a double bed but it had a king, which was nice and comfortable. The carpet in the halls and rooms are old but not gross. They should just vacuum everyday.  The whole hotel needs a little love but it's definitely a good place to stay if you don't go in having an uppity attitude. The staff and the guests were friendly. It's in a central location. I would suggest staying
bubble_10	I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights. During the stay, an item of clothing went missing ( presumably with the bed sheets when they were being changed) which was also confirmed by the staff on duty in reception when it was reported that day. I was assured that they would retrieve it from the laundrette  and it would be sent on to the next hotel we were staying at, the following week. When this did not happen,  I emailed the hotel but got no reply. So I contacted them again by email and then by phone. The manager was very rude and could not tell what happened to it nor had any recollection of it even though we had left details with a member of staff at the reception, saying they could not accuse people of stealing the belongings ( even though it was reported and obviously thought as
bubble_50	On my travelling experience 5 years ago I spent many weekends at the carter hotel.   It is not the best hotel, indoors wise. But who sits indoors when you have times square on your doorstep!!! It is in the best location I could honestly say for NYC.   I remember the staff being extra friendly too.
bubble_20	Just back from NYC. We stayed at the Carter Hotel - we knew better than to expect too much, but the hotel is just off Time's Square, so we thought great location and we'll hardly be there anyway... Although clean, the accommodation was so poor, borderline unacceptable! And since you had to pay for everything - from wi-fi to leaving your suitcase at the reception area after check out - it didn't really work out cheaper in the end. I wouldn't go back there!
bubble_30	The hotel is in definite need of refurbishment, however you get what you pay for. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip to New York. The location was perfect just off Times Square and the hotel served its purpose. It was clean,the beds were comfortable. Staff very friendly. We had somewhere to lay our weary heads after sightseeing all day which is all you need in New York as there is so much to see.
bubble_40	I've just come back from a four night stay in the Hotel Carter NY where I stayed with a friend. I had booked it and was so pleased with myself at getting such a good bargain rate until my friend rang to say he'd read the reviews and thought we should cancel and book elsewhere.  Well I can tell you if you've done the same that no way should you not stay in this great hotel - it was perfect.  A FANTASTIC location off times Sq, one block from the subway, six blocks from Penn station. A theater right next door. A deli underneath which did great food. There's a hard rock cafe at the end of the street. There's even a hotel entrance to the next door gentleman's club (free entrance until 23.00 for hotel guests!!) The hotel itself is fine always bustling with people from all over the
bubble_20	I stayed at this hotel and the location is the only good thing in this hotel. The room was awful: the bed, the bathroom and the closet was totally old. The elevator is to slow and it takes too long to go up or down (specially at the check out time). They didn't do the cleaning of the room. They charge you by everything: internet, safe box and even safe your luggage in the lobby!! They charge you 5 USD per bag if you want they keep for a few time... The personal of the front desk are the exception, they are great persons and help you in everything you need about information of the city.
bubble_30	If you want to be in the heart of manhattan on a budget and dont mind about no niceities then this is for you.  No breakfast, no free wifi and drab rooms in need of decoration. However bed was comfortable and big and shower adequate and clean. We had a back room so was reasonably quiet. Housekeeping is every other day. You get the essentials and nothing more but hey this is new york so its just to sleep in. You are literally less than 5 mins from times square.
bubble_40	I stayed here with my husband for the 4th of july. And I was scared for all the bad reviews of this hotel. But no! The hotel was really clean, clean bed, clean bathroom. The basic needs were fullfill.  And one of the most important, near Timesquare.  Obviously you wouldn't find luxury or nicely place like staying in a Hilton or Holiday Inn.  But if you plan to spend the less in hotel and have fun in the city, and the only thing you plan to do in the hotel is sleep. This is the place. Gave 4 star because is not new
bubble_50	Fantastic location just off Times Square Room was basic very clean towels n bedding clean and comfortable no bugs staff were pleasant and helpful I will definitely  be back here next time I'm in New York great value for money glad I found this hotel and yes there is a gentlemans club but other than the sign you wouldn't really know it was there
bubble_10	This is by far the absolutely Worst hotel I have stayed in ALL my life. I beg the reader to stay away from it or run, run to another place. Hotel Carter is a dated, smelly rundown. It is a shame to the tourist industry that this joint gets away with such blatant violations just because is walking distance to Times square.. The room smelled moldy, unclean. The bathroom cabinet looks as if it was taken from a condemned abandoned house. The soap holder is falling apart. When I reported that the phone was not working, the front desk attendant asked: Do you want it fixed?. They never did. You can see the threads alongside the edges of the carpets and it is stained faded and dated. It looked so disgusting that I did not dare to walk barefoot on it.  No Maid service. I had to come
bubble_20	This hotel is in a great location..at a great price. But this place is very tired and needs some TLC. I have low standards and have stayed in some bad places...this is one of them. I had fun and slept well while I was in New York...so I should not complain.
bubble_30	So to clarify from the start, if you are after luxury and high end comforts, this is NOT the place for you. The hotel Carter is a 1.5 star hotel. If you are however after a cheap hotel where you will only come to rest your head, with a great location (right on time square) and that is extremely well priced (for NY city) then the Carter will be hard to beat.  Having booked & paid for the Carter, as all the other surrounding hotels were way out of our price range, we did little research into in prior to staying there. On the flight to NY however we read some of the other reviews here on TA as well as some other information online regarding Hotel Carter, that had us absolutely horrified at what was waiting for us. These were all in our experience however, unfounded. Don't get me
bubble_30	I stayed at the Carter Hotel during September 2014 on a room only basis. This hotel is situated in Central Manhattan, just a two minute taxi ride from Pennsylvania station, my point of arrival.     I was checked in by a friendly and helpful receptionist and allocated a room on the seventeenth floor. The room had a comfortable double bed, a writing desk, flat screen TV but no tea or coffee making facilities. The bathroom contained an over the bath shower. The room and bathroom were adequately clean but a little dated with worn carpets and fittings.   There isnt a breakfast room, bar or restaurant in the hotel but there is a caf immediately next door (accessible through a doorway from the lobby) serving reasonable coffee and snacks and there is a plethora of pubs and restaurants
bubble_30	This hotel is in the perfect location.It is a basic room,nothing fancy but CLEAN.It was a bed and bathroom both clean but bare.It is however worth the price.It has over 600 rooms so it is large..It still has radiators and window air condintions.
bubble_40	My husband and myself spent three nights in Hotel Carter.  Yes the hotel is worn and could do with updating however our room was scrupulously clean. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet.  There was a problem with the bathroom light which was sorted by a very efficient maintenance man within 10 minutes.  The hotel is extremely good value for money and in a prime location and I would have no hesitation in staying at Hotel Carter next time I visit New York
bubble_30	Ok I am torn on my rating because yes this hotel is old and needs a complete remodel but people in other reviews have made it seem like the worst place they have ever been.  I think for the price I paid and location it wasn't bad at all. Granted I walked in to this place not expecting much but the bed was comfortable and the shower had hot water and I was half a block from time square and major subway stations which was what I was looking for. I didn't feel unsafe at this hotel. I wouldn't have a problem staying here again.
bubble_20	We spent 3 nights here and you basically get what you pay for. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean but small, yes the rooms and the hotel need a revamp but we found it fine for somewhere to sleep and to freshen up after all you don't go to New York to spend all the time in the hotel room.
bubble_10	Im not sure who the people are who wrote the other reviews because nothing about this hotel is acceptable.  When we arrived there were people sleeping on the couches in the foyer. The "left luggage" was literally just a pile of suitcases in a corner with no security.  The elevators are small and take forever. We had a room on the 21st floor and took us a good 25 mins to get an elevator that isnt already full on the morning of our checkout - the day after we checked in.   The rooms are tiny - no space for luggage anywhere. The sheets on the bed had HOLES in it. The "air con" made only a noise and spat out dust but made no difference to the temperature in the room. The bathroom towels cant fit around a child, the shower curtain had mould on it and the loo paper was that cheap kind
bubble_20	Dont expect any luxerys. The staff were all friendly and any requests were dealt with quickly, the rooms were clean and the bedding was changed every other day. Read some reviews about ghostly goings on and we had shadows and the closet door opening and closing and the tv turned itself on after we had turned it off ??  But when your on holiday all you need is a place to rest your head at the end of the day. The botel badly needs an upgrade and we were told there was some newly revamped rooms but from the other guests we spoke to and the rooms we saw this hasnt happened yet but on the whole a nice cheap hotel...
bubble_20	Half the price of others so not to bad. Very stuffy towels crap buy a new one toilet paper sand paper. Bed sheets thin as anything kept sliding of bed. Blanket is a old retro mink blanket pillows are all stained and gross. Hair in the sink and all around the toilet. Carpets old but clean. TV is a flat screen but the volume is all messed up goes from high to low all the time. If your on a tight budget this isn't all that bad but if you can pay more then do.  Location is awesome. Lifts were fast staff were nice. Had to pay to leave our bags at $5 per bag. Money change is bad all around New York. I recommend doing the city sights bus they have lots of deals for you to choose. And stops not far from the hotel. Don't buy your tours from the hotel cost way more. Go to madam trusades
bubble_10	The hotel is steps away from where the ball drops on New Year's Eve, close to restaurants and within walking distance to a lot of sites, so the location is excellent right in the heart of everything, just minutes away from all the Broadway theaters and within walking distance to most of the sites. The beds were comfortable and the room had a window air conditioner. However that said the hotel is old and the rooms are as basic as a hotel can offer, the rooms look nothing like the photographs I saw on Expedia. They have just been remodeled but the painters they used could not have been professional. The black out curtains do not close, there is mold in the shower, no ice machine in the hotel, no coffee/tea maker in the room. The hotel is situated right next to a strip club and
bubble_50	I stayed at Hotel Carter with 2 friends from 29 August to 4 September. The location is awesome!! The room wasn't bad, quiet decent for the price we paid. I never saw a single cockroach as per the other reviews, even though our room wasnt cleaned the whole time we were there (coz we didnt want it cleaned). We were on the 18th floor, never waited for more than a minute for the lift as other people complained. The staff was very quick to any of our requests. My only complaint is that none of them were able to advice on cool clubs to go to around the area, but they were very helpfull in getting addresses for us. Overall, I had a great experience there! Just a tip, DONT GO TO THE PSYCHIC OPPOSITE THE HOTEL!! She's a fraud & we suspect she stole my friend's iPhone.
bubble_20	Location is fantastic staff friendly rooms very dated and basic. Really need to be updated .. Bring ur own bath towel. Don't use shop next door it's a rip off there are plenty off better quality coffe shops and cafs  around for ur breakfast or to buy drinks
bubble_10	this place must be closed by the authorities, its the most dirty, unhealthy, they show at their web promotions a neat and clean hotel, but once you are checked in you all bad surprises. First at all carpets and rugs are dirty, full of mug and humidity filtrations are like a kind of decoration on all the walls.  beware with your mailing delivery, they wont deliver you your any mail instead you stand firm and claim if you have any delivery, they will keep it on front desk and you could loosed, front desk staff and security are not thrustworhty at all. they block phone data so you are enforced to buy the expensive and bad wi-fi.  i think that an hotel if 2, or 3 star should at least deliver clean and neat conditions at last, but this hotel is a crappy and stink placed that should
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed here for 10 nights and loved it. Perfect location, staff were friendly, felt very safe. Room was very clean. I think we may have had a renovated room because everything was lovely. The bathroom is small and outdated but all we needed it for was to shower so didn't need to be fancy. The only problem we had was the towels were quite small and thin. Would definelty stay here again!
bubble_10	Firstly and most important ...STAY AWAY.....DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL.......1300.00 euro for 7 nights double room for two people...no coffee/tea making facilities..no fridge..light bulb from a plug socket hanging on a coat hanger....smelly bathroom which was very dirty....room cleaned twice in 7 days....no clean towels..which were facecloth size...wouldnt wipe your behind with as they were full of holes....one of lifts was down for the week...only 2 lifts for 900 rooms...for any europeans travelling here stay away you can get a hostel better equipped and cleaner than this hotel.
bubble_20	A friend booked this Hotel from the UK and we stayed together. 5th to 9th Sept 2014.  As a Trip Advisor Badge holder, I had to write a review. Having read, hair raising reports on trip advisor about the Hotel I was VERY  CONCERNED. Here is a truthful account of our stay.   Good points, 43rd St West,Time Square, everything is close by. Hot water always, Clean Sheets on bed. So the person who said there were bed bugs must have brought them with them . A large TV in the room !!! WHAT !!!we came to watch TV  !!!!   MANY Bad points..... Small cardboard bath towels, that cover nothing !!!!! Face flannels taken away but not returned, day 2 only changed 2 x in 5 days. Cracked Sink, & Mirror No plugs in bath or shower, shower curtain mouldy, ceiling as well, everything sticky to
bubble_40	This hotel is not nearly as bad as people make it out to be! My 2 friends and I stayed here for 5 days to tour New York City and the location was amazing. Times Square, restaurants, bars and the theatre district (even central park) are all within walking distance. The rooms are satisfactory and great for sleeping so if you're going for sightseeing then this is the hotel for you. The room was freshly renovated and very clean, staff was friendly and advised us as to what was around us. Overall it was a great experience for a good price. Definitely good for touring.
bubble_30	Carter Hotel was a decent place to stay.  It was clean and comfortable even though it was a bit older.  I felt safe at the hotel and you could not beat the location.  If you are a student travelling on a budget, this is a good place to stay.
bubble_20	Very good location, close to subway station. 1 Min walk to Time Square. Room is very old. Creepy elevator. Room cleaning once every 2 days, that's include your new towels. Blanket with smell. Old air conditioner system. Cleanliness are from average to below average. I found a lot of hairs at shower room. You get what you pay for ;)
bubble_10	I spent  Sept 6 2014  in this hotel with my daughter and all I have to say in NEVER again. I have never been so grossed out and creeped out Ever in a hotel. I wouldn't recommend  this to anyone. The room was so dirty I wouldn't even take off my shoes! Also we had to call the maintance man to come clean outside our window because someone through a bunch of garbage including a used condom!! The walls were so dirty and whatever the we're covered with was pulling off. They didn't give us any soap and not even enough towels. We had to go to walgreens to buy a huge can of lysol so we could spray down EVERYTHING.  Also i found a baby cockroach In the bathroom.We could not wait to check out. the Only Plus Is The location!
bubble_20	Read many of the reviews and was anxious at check-in. Stayed on the 23rd floor for 6 nights. Pro - close to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller, felt secure (even with the strip club next door) and safe. Con - Yes, rooms were worn and linen threadbare, but was clean. Discovered the tub did not drain on the first night, told front desk staff next morning, and was fixed when we returned to the room in the evening. There was only 1 evening where there was a line-up to take the elevator up. But because we were on the second highest floor, there was never a wait to take the elevator down and street noise was minimal. Overall, you get what you pay for, but if you're willing to overlook the aged feel, the fantastic location made up for it all.
bubble_30	Rooms were OK.. Location is the only plus which is very close to times square. Since we arrived earlier than our check in time.. We dropped our bags in the lobby for $5 a bad and went for a walk around times square. Overall no complaints.
bubble_30	Location sells.  When I had arrived at this hotel, I was soaking wet. First day in USA, first day in NYC, cancelled bus trip to coastal Maine, so due to change of plans I had to find a hotel near Port Authority dragging big suitcase and backpack and on that day rain poured. So, when I walked to the reception desk, clerk gave me a fresh towel, no questions asked. I was addressed very politely and 2 more employees took my baggage and helped me with check-in. Lobby was very clean and neat full of guests using open wi fi, I guess. There is also a desk with 2 young girls who gave info on NY sightseeing  and politely answered all of my questions. First thing I have noticed was the absence of the 13th floor which I found amusing. When I walked into the room, I saw it was basic room of
bubble_40	Before going I was pretty worried because of the reviews I read about this hotel but I was pretty good !!! For the double room everything was quite alright : no dirt, door closes, clean bed, tv worked perfectly, no noise from the streets... I really like it and with a price like this it so great. And of course an amazing location.   Loved it
bubble_40	If you are looking for best value hotel in times square , this is the place to be. Old hotel but for the price you pay, it is diamond. Location is great. Front desk staff is great. Security staff is very helpful too. But worst doorman and bellman. They help you with luggage only if you take their taxi. They saw me pulling by luggage up the stairs, but they were so busy in their chatting. They recommended not to take hotel shuttle, and offered us to take taxi to the airport. We ended up paying $ 105 for taxi to Newark airport. The doorman misinformed us, just for their $ 10 tip they received from taxi driver. So hire the taxi by yourself, instead of getting doorman involved.
bubble_50	We stay at Carter because of the location and staff.  We just returned from staying August 28 to September 1.  I stayed in room 504 and my friend was in 511.  Both rooms decent for the price. My friend was charged for two rooms and Vicki at that front desk helped her clear up the charges.   Everyone has always been very courtesy and polite.  If you are expecting breakfast and mints on your pillow this isn't the place for you.  But if you want to save money and be in the center of all the excitement then this is your place.    I have recommended this hotel to other and will continue to do so.
bubble_30	You get what you pay for BUT your in New York, you only need a bed and a shower.  Staff very helpful and it was clean enough. Your fine to stay here if you plan on partying! Right on Times Square, you can't get closer for location
bubble_40	Do not turn up at this hotel expecting 5* luxury. The price of this hotel and its location makes it spot on for NYC. We stayed here at the end of August and only wanted a room in a central location to sleep in. This hotel did exactly that for a very reasonable (By NYC standards) price. The hotel is in need of a thorough refurbishment, but this is what makes it cheap! The hotel may be tired but it is clean, has an en-suite shower room (a step up from a hostel) and perhaps most importantly in August A/C in the room. Our room was at the back of the hotel on the 7th floor and was very quiet and comfortable. The hotel is easily accessible to 42nd St and Times Sq subway stations and we could be from the quiet of our room into the center of Times Square in less than 5 minutes.  The
bubble_30	We stayed for 4 days in July. The hotel room is pretty small and the bathroom could have been a lot better. It needs maintenance for sure. However the room was clean and the price was good. The location is the key to this place. It is very well positioned. We were out the entire day and came back only to shower and sleep - so it was good. The hotel policy is not very customer friendly. We needed to check out at 2 pm so we requested a late check but they said it was allowed only till noon. They don't even keep your luggage there unless it is paid for. That is pretty hostile!
bubble_30	If you are looking for a hotel with amenities this would not be it but if you want a room that is close to everything then here you are.  The room was sparse with only a bed, a small bathroom, a small TV and a closet with a concrete floor.  But it was clean and cheap, just what we wanted.  We would stay again and hope that the elevators work all of the time.
bubble_10	How can people say "it's not that bad." ?  Plunger holding up sink, 4 USED bars of soap stacked together in the shower, IPOD and videos stolen out of our room! Management refused to check who accessed our room.  Blood stained sheets (or unwashed sheets...who knows?)  When I told them I refused to stay in our room, management told me they were full and they would not refund my money.   Either I am picky or this place should be condemned.
bubble_40	When you can walk to time square, tour busses stop, airport shuttle terminal (at port authority bus terminal) you will definitely overlook the rundown conditions of the rooms. I found the rooms spacious,  clean with fresh towels and free cable tv! unlike another hotel in Chicago where I had to pay for anything except foe movie trailers! I was pleased to find that it was indeed in the center of NY and with a big luggage I had to pull around, I was really happy to find the hotel was really near to where I was dropped by the airport shuttle. Cake boss was also around the corner and all theatres were walking distance. The hotel even provides service to purchase a broadway ticket for you if you don't have time to queue up at tkts, this comes with a service charge of course. I just
bubble_40	If you have short time to visit New York and you don't have a car, the position, 200 m from Time Square and about 1 km from the Penn station, is great. Prices are equivalent to peripheral hostels far from the center, rooms are clean. That said, don't expect luxury: everything inside and outside the room is old or broken. No free services (WiFi is extremely expensive, no breakfast) and the rooms are noisy.
bubble_10	This hotel is rotten (literally). No ventilation fans in the bathroom so mold accumulates on the ceilings and shower curtain. The service is awful, especially since they only clean the rooms every other day. The place is surrounded by a strip club and there are multiple entrences to the strip club from inside the hotel. Now that's got to be nasty!
bubble_20	Last minute plans for a Saturday night in NYC does not give many affordable options. Location makes up for the very old hotel right around the corner from time square and tourist attractions . This could have charm if it was maintained and clean , absolutely no frills, it felt safe despite the hallways looking like a scene from the shinning. If it's just one night it's ok
bubble_30	Forget about everything you have heard or read, Here's what you need to know to decide to stay at this hotel or not.   First, it is the most centralized hotel in the city.  If you want to spend time in Times Square then you can't do any better than this!  It's 2 minutes away if you walk slow.  It was so nice to go back to the room to wash up and be back in Times Square in 15 minutes.  The employees were VERY Nice and helpful!  And generally speaking, the place was pretty clean.  Based on some of the reviews that I read, we didn't expect it to be so clean!    HOWEVER......The property is in the middle of being sold, and they are not - NOT putting One Dime into upkeep at all!  Actually it looks like they haven't for a few years.  Everywhere you turn something is broken or missing.
bubble_10	I stayed here a while back. It was awful! I was there for 8 days. I booked a couple months in advance from their website and prepaid. when I arrived they had "lost my reservation". Following some pushing by me they found a room.  When I got to the room it was basic and very dated (I didn't expect something great). It was clean enough, but the bed and carpeting was circa 1920.  All of that was acceptable to me. What wasn't was acceptable was having the door burst open by management and patrons every night telling me I was in the wrong room! They kept on giving out my room and I'd be standing at the door arguing with management each night in my underwear! We are talking between the hours of 12 am and 4 am!  My advice is to pay extra and stay somewhere else!
bubble_40	Group of 6 visiting NYC after spending a summer at camp, we found the hotel clean, in theperfect lpcation and as having a friendly atmosphere. The elevators could be a bit frustrating but this only affected us once and although the hotel lacks amenities it claims none and everything provided is too a value for money standard. We had no problem with cleanliness of rooms and actually found the noise level undisturbing. Would a hundred percent reccomend this hotel to any young groups of travellers looking for basic accommodation in the heart of NYC, we walked almkst everywhere and the perfect location really made out stay!
bubble_10	My daughter and I stayed here from August 16 to 19th. It was a perfect location, right next to Subway and bus transportation. Believe me when I say we are not fussy people, clean beds and clean room, that's all I ask. We didn't care that it has an entrance to a strip club right inside the hotel "The Cheetah Club", didn't care about the view, didn't care that the staff over inflated the price of what a cab would cost to the airport so you took their shuttle. None of that mattered. We arrived Saturday afternoon, room was on the 18 floor (1811). 2 double beds, bathroom, ceiling in shower was black with mold but hey, how long were we going to be in there...Didn't complain. We had one hour left at the hotel the morning we checked out, we woke up to see at least 15 cock roaches
bubble_20	Spent 3 nights at Hotel Carter and up until the last day everything was fine. When I say everything was fine, I mean the carpeting was disgustingly dirty, and the hotel overall is extremely run down, however the beds and towels were clean and comfortable, and the location is absolutely perfect. Given the price and reading the other reviews we were expecting what we got, which we were okay with. Until the last day that is. It was almost like overnight the room became INFESTED with cockroaches everywhere. Under the beds, running around all over the floors and even trying to climb the walls!  It was absolutely disgusting. We're very low maintenance people who don't need a 5 start hotel, however, when you spend any amount of money on accommodations what so ever, I think most people
bubble_10	I chose the Carter with mixed feelings and luckily booked through a travel agent. After I had read the really bad comments I asked them to do whatever they can so I'd get one of the "better rooms" which apparently existed. After all I planned to stay for 7 nights!  So I went there still expecting the worst of the worst. Now looking back I can say it wasn't all bad. The email was received by reception as they told me upon arrival they had given me the room I had asked for. My room was almost ready when I checked in. There weren't any hangers for my clothes and the hair dryer didn't work but housekeeping sorted that out asap! Altogether the room and bath were clean. Housekeeping was done every other day which was ok. But it's a fact that the hotel is old and not kept in good
bubble_30	Stayed for 4 nights in August 2014. Booked via hotels.com and was really pleased by the price in comparison with the other options available near the city center.  General impression: not the best hotel I've stayed in. Minimal range of offered services ever. Interior is not very pleasant, old and dusty. 2 days before the trip we called to confirm the reservation. The phone was picked up after 2 hours of regular calls. We asked some general questions, including the possibility of having fridge / microvawe in your room. The answer was, "We are not that kind of a hotel; we only offer great location and room service". And this is exactly what you should expect of it.  Advantages: - You definitely cannot beat the location. 2 min walk from the Time Square, next to Broadway, a variety
bubble_30	The Carter is an old hotel with modern touches. New TVs, bedding, tiles in bathroom and window air conditioners made our experience quite quiet and pleasant. Our single beds advertised were doubles, and the room was quite clean. Our only complaint was we never had maid service during our two nights there. However, location was perfect. -a half block to Times Square. we walked everywhere. Elevators are cranky but fast. I stayed there when it was The Dixie in 1965- still old, but it's definitely is a bargain hunter's dream.
bubble_30	Paid a bargain price to be staying in NYC so close to Times Square, no it wasn't the Hilton and yes we were woken up on the first night by an employee pushing a trolley into our room shouting NO HOT WATER! NO HOT WATER! but for a room we just slept and showered in, it did the job. (and we had a good laugh about that incident the next day) Would definitely recommend to any like myself who are looking for somewhere cheap and won't write an outraged review about stains.
bubble_40	We visited New York for our first time this summer. We chose Hotel Carter for its close location to Times Square (just a short block away).  After reading the reviews, we knew it was not going to be a five star hotel. And the reviews were spot on. Therefore we were not disappointed. Yes, the hotel is old. Yes, the rooms are small. Yes, it could use a facelift. Yes, the elevator is slow. But, other than to sleep, s*&#, and shower, we hardly spent any time there anyway. The staff was not the friendliest, but we only had to deal with them a few times anyway. The room was clean and housekeeping did a good job. The hotel is close to the subway and their are many places close by to eat (some inexpensive too). All in all it was a pleasant stay and I would stay again. Tip: Don't look
bubble_30	I've stayed here many times over the last few years primarily because it is very reasonable and in a great location. Yes, the lobby is dull, the elevators are old and the carpets are worn, but for the price this hotel offers good value. If you're looking for a place central to midtown, Times Square and the Theater District and you just need a place to sleep, this does make sense! If you think this property will compare and offer all the amenities of a W, Sheraton, Marriott, etc...forget about it. It's cheap, in a great location and has security present at night. Over-all a decent place to get a room while you tour and enjoy all that NYC has to offer!
bubble_30	If you're on a budget and you are looking for an inexpensive hotel in a good location, this is your hotel, otherwise don't go there. Don't expect anything fancy. The rooms are clean enough in my opinion, but everything in this hotel is very old in general.
bubble_10	Expensive. Our first room was very dirty had to have it changed! Our second room electrical socket out of wall air did not work and the shower was filthy! We would never stay there again the pictures they show are false Only good thing the location!!!!!
bubble_10	The staff was not friendly. There is a ladder at the entrance of the hotel and it's hard to get the bags to the lobby. There was nobody to help us with our bags in check in. The front desk attendant who served us at check in was very impatient. - The room is very small and there was a lot of dirt in the room. The beds are very old and very uncomfortable. Has no safety box, no iron, small closet, no fridge. The Bathroom was very small and dirty. There was slime on the floor of the bathroom. It was disgusting.  - The shower is horrible and the water temperature isn't adjustable. The water was or very hot or very cold and impossible to take a shower. - Besides all this, there is no free internet in any location of the hotel even in the lobby. They only offer paid internet. If you
bubble_10	This hotel I would not even recommend to my worst enemy.  Rude and not at all accommodating staff at the hotel. Dirty and worn in the reception / lobby. The elevators were dilapidated. Stains on the carpet in the hallways and abraded paint on walls and ledges.  Doors could not close. Socket-outlets that did not work. Bed without mattress - only the thick, firm mattress.  Torn towels that absorb bad - had to wipe with damp towels as the room is not cleaned every day.   Finally - everything costs money in this hotel, NOTHING was included (wifi etc ...) It said on their website that the hotel was renovated in 2010 Where?
bubble_40	Great value! Not luxury but you get what you pay for. Bed was huge and room was very clean. No wifi tho. Great location and nice views from the window. We didnt have any problems at all. Cant complain about noise or anything like that because we slept like babies
bubble_10	I booked this hotel whilst I was staying in New York as the location seemed ideal right next to times square, the price was also pretty good for New York.  Checking in was fine. Got to my room. The TV barely worked terrible signal. Chips and dents in the walls and the plug socket for the TV was really loose.  Then I noticed the noise from Times Square was extremely loud and noticed that my window wouldn't close. So I went down to reception to explain this and the only thing they could do was put a towel over the window to barely block the noise. I asked to move rooms and they refused. So I had to put up with extremely loud noise coming from Times Square when I'm trying to sleep.  Onto the second day and I'm in my room at about 9am and the fire alarm/smoke alarm goes off. I go
bubble_10	The ONLY good thing about this hotel is its location, just off Times Square. When we arrived the hot tap in the sink was not working. It was fixed when we returned. The door to the storage cupboard was hanging off and so we dared not keep anything in it in case we could not re-open it. The towels were extremely thin and small. There was no hanging rail for the towels. Room cleaning is only performed every SECOND day so towels remained wet. We only discovered this when we returned to the hotel for our second night. There was a significant amount of mold around the bathroom door and there were stains on the carpets in the rooms and corridors. This hotel was extremely poor value for money.
bubble_40	Stayed at Hotel Carter again for the third time last week. Had another positive stay. The room was spacious and the bathroom and bed were clean. What more can you really ask for? Just a step out of Times Square, the hotel always feels safe and secure. Will be returning on my next trip to NYC.
bubble_30	Visited NYC with family on vacation lately.  Since we expected to spend most of our time outside, we purposely booked this hotel, located right in Times Square, at 43rd street near 7th avenue, which is in the most convenient location and close to everything including restaurants, threatres, shops, etc. It is just 50m away and takes 2 minutes walk from Port Authority subway station or 100m away and takes less than 5 minutes walk from Times Square station. For such reasonable room rate with superb location, please dont expect much from the room. It is old, run-down and not so clean but the trade off is superb location and price.  Recommend to those who want to explore NYC with budget concern.
bubble_40	Good budget hotel in great location! Reached Newyork early in the morning, they had the room available so was checked in early (Kudos to them!). The room was less than ordinary, but we used the room only for sleeping :) The location is awesome!! Everything is at a stone's throw. Would recommend this place for anybody with a budget wanting to stay in the heart of Manhattan.
bubble_20	The price was $527 for three nights, tax included. I booked it 4 days in advance, so I considered it very cheap in downtown New York.  However, the room was a complete nightmare. It had barely the space for a bed and a small TV table (which is old and damaged). There was no chair in the room. The air conditioning was loud and annoying. The headboard of the bed was not properly installed. The mattress made noise whenever I moved or turned. The blanket was thin with poor quality. Furthermore, the bathroom was small and smelly, with no ventilator. The windows were extremely difficult to open or close. No one took care of the bed (i.e. replacing sheets and blankets, etc). I felt like being punished for thinking there could be something "cheap" with reasonable value in New York. Now
bubble_10	This is the dirtiest and most grimy hotel I've ever been in. No room service whatsoever.  No soap, they didn't clean the room or change our sheets, the beds were so disgusting, we slept with our clothes on.  Took off the pillow cover on one of the pillows, and noticed it was discolored.  It looked like someone peed on the pillow and left it to dry.  The rooms are tiny, bathroom tiny and not clean, basic amenities you would expect aren't even provided.  No TV to speak of, and the dresser in the room was right up against the bed that you couldn't open the drawers.  Do yourself a favor and spend a little extra money for a better hotel.  The only good thing about this place is its location.  That's it.
bubble_30	For the amount of money I've paid, I was expecting a lot more from this hotel. It's not so cheap and the cost-benefit is not good. Sometimes you can find better hotels in that area for less. Watch that when you make a choice. The location is good indeed. Just by the Times Square. But the service, the cleanliness, the room itself are not good. The worst: Wifi is not free. You have to pay a fortune! That makes a great difference for tourists that need Internet all the time to make their schedule.
bubble_40	We frankly were hesitant to try this hotel as the price was certainly inexpensive, especially for NYC.  However, we would not hesitate to use this hotel again.  It was very clean (especially since we were notified ahead of time that rooms would only be cleaned - linens changed, etc. - every other day.  While certainly not fancy, the room was adequate, bed comfortable, bath room had all amenities (soap. shampoo, etc.).  For being situated on 43rd street between 7th and 8th, it was amazingly quiet (probably because the air conditioner was not, but it served to keep us cool and to provide "white" noise.  The staff was endlessly helpful and cheerful and the staff at the door helped us with our luggage and to get a taxi (which one time included going all the way to 7th avenue and
bubble_10	Next time I will prefer to invest a little more and stay in a better hotel. This hotel has a great Location but no comfort. The bed is good but the bathrooms are old and the towels are a joke. They seem to be made to children. There is a severe problem in the morning for waiting elevators, that also are insecure.
bubble_30	Don't expect any room service or anything other than toilet paper. My friends and I had to go to Walgreens down the street to get basic soap and hygiene products because we didn't realize they wouldn't supply them.  Decent hotel if you're not spending much time in it. The room was very basic. VERY basic. and very run-down. But suited our needs for 3 days as we explored the city.
bubble_40	This hotel was a great price and featured an amazing staff who helped my husband regain his lost cell phone. The room was nice as was the bathroom and had a TV with decent options. I would definitely recommend staying here if you are looking for a centrally located hotel that is affordable and nice.
bubble_50	I was scared by the other reviews read on internet. at the final when we arrived the room was nice, the smell of fresh paint, big tv screen. we had all necessary: bed, shower...so a place where to sleep.  from the window of the room you have a spot of times square and I think is the perfect position for discover NY. in the price there s no breakfast for us was better, because we didn't wake up always at the same time but you are in NY not in the middle of nowhere. full of choices. I suggest this hotel to friends and people that have just to sleep here.
bubble_10	the worst place I have ever been.  and I have around and for a long, long time.  if you are in ny and do not want to sleep in the Lincoln tunnel or the Brooklyn bridge, then this would be your last resort.  these people may be bribing the city big time.
bubble_30	The Hotel Carter is a budget hotel right in Times Square.  This was the second time we stayed there, and it is okay for just crashing there one night after a day in the city.  Check in was quick and easy, the room was small, but about average for NYC.  We had four adults in the room and it wasnt too tight.  The lobby, the furnishings, and the rugs, all need renovation or replacement.  The TV was new, but it had erratic volume issues.  The sheets were clean, and looked new.  The cover, however, was more like a rug than a blanket.  I really have never seen anything like it.  Still we all got a good nights sleep.  The bathroom was newly renovated and clean, but dont expect to find a hair dryer in the room.       The biggest fail for this hotel is the elevator.  We literally
bubble_40	We (a 3-generation family) stayed for several days and were pleasantly surprised after some of the reviews we had read.   The rooms were comfortable and the bathrooms very clean.  The hotel is literally a block from Times Square and close to public transportation stations.   The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the young Moroccan man at the night desk.  The hotel was perfect for what we needed in NYC and you can't beat the location.
bubble_20	If your goal is literally the cheapest room in the best location and you don't care about anything else AT ALL this hotel is for you.  Pros: Excellent price, excellent location, very friendly & helpful staff.  Cons: Outdated rooms, old beds, old sheets, old towels, AC that does not fully function, lots of noise coming from all over the hotel at all hours, poor quality housekeeping only every other day, absolutely no surfaces to set anything except one nightstand, no luggage racks, no light in the closet or hallway by the closet (had to use a flashlight to see our clothes), very little walking around room, absolutely no amenities included except soap and shampoo (coffee, WiFi, ice, luggage storage, safe etc are all extra).  Be aware that you pay in advance - so if you get there
bubble_20	The location of this "hotel" is amazing - turn right out the front door and you're in Time Square almost immediately. But this hotel is not for the weak stomach - trash in the halls, dirty rooms, dirty bathrooms, bizarre noises coming from other rooms, etc. I wanted to go out in NYC for the night - got this room for cheap - went out until 3 am, came back, slept fully clothed on top of the sheets, woke up at 5:30 am and drove myself back home. So... if that's what you're looking for, it is perfect. If you intend on spending any more than 10 minutes awake in the room, may be worth looking to spend more $$ elsewhere.
bubble_10	Please please don't stay here. There are so many other hotels in New York. Find somewhere else - anywhere else!!  The first room we were offered had water literally pouring on to the bed. The second room whilst dryer wasn't much better. There was mould across the bathroom and cockroaches in the hall.  The first night we stayed here I cried most the night unable to sleep it was that horrible!   We read the reviews before we went and ignored them thinking - "we aren't that fussy, can't be that bad". We were wrong! Don't make the same mistake.   On the plus side the hotel was so bad that it forced us to spend every hour out of the hotel exploring New York and the location is pretty great for that!
bubble_10	This is a well-located hotel; the lobby looks like a good hotel but the rooms... are horrible! The room was little, there were two beds with old sheets. We spent two nights, nobody came to make the room. Can you imagine that?
bubble_20	The hotel is on 43rd street which is 2min from the Main Street at time square which is 42nd street. The only advantage is thT this hotel is v close to the Main Street ad the subway. The rooms v tiny. Rooms will be cleaned every second day . Towels and sheets can b taken from the reception. There is a 24hrs eatery right below the hotel which is another good feature. But there are many options so rather spend a little more and stay in a better hotel.
bubble_40	This was my second time staying at the Hotel Carter. My 1st time was  approx. 30 years ago when I made a trip with my Mother. I remember then it was a great price hotel for being near Times Square and it still is. The only negative thing I remember from long ago was the  block walk on 43rd Street from the Hotel to 7th ave. being very sketchy. NOT  now, there is the back of the Foxwood Theatre walking towards 7th ave. and walking the other direction to 8th ave. is the Westin Hotel. It is in an excellent location and safe to walk day or night. Hotel Carter is ideal for the tourist that wants to pay a reasonable rate for a fantastic location in the heart of New York City and is looking for a clean bed and a hot shower.  I always choose a hotel to meet my needs thanks to Trip
bubble_20	Great value on hotel, $149 per night., but parking for my SUV was $55 per night almost next door to hotel. No ice,coffee maker,microwave, and no refrigerator. Small room big dresser takes up a lot of space  You have to pay for wifi, per device to use in your room.
bubble_10	Hands down, the grossest hotel I've ever stayed at. The halls smell disgusting, the carpets look like they've never been washed, all of the furniture in the room was broken and there wasn't even a place to hang the toilet paper in the bathroom and the floor looked too sketchy. The only good thing about this hotel was the fact that it's in a convenient place and a short walk to Times Square. I wouldn't be surprised if this hotel offered an hourly rate. It looks like the kind of place where you maybe use a room for an hour. The entire place was absolutely disgusting.
bubble_50	My friends and I (we were 3 in all) stayed in room 2318 in June 2014. It was my first trip to New York. The room was great. It had a great view, and it accommodated us  just fine. I admit that I was extremely apprehensive about our hotel before we arrived based on past reviews, but I was very pleased once we stayed there. Yes, you have to show your room key before you are allowed to go up in the elevator, but I appreciate that they check this. No, our room was not cleaned everyday, but then again, it really didn't need it since we were hardly there. The hotel is located right in the middle of Time Square, which was right where we wanted to be!  Regarding the staff, they were extremely friendly and helpful the entire week we stayed there. If I am fortunate to get to go to New
bubble_30	Stayed here for 5 nights, it's a old hotel as the other reviews mentioned. But, worth the money if you want to stay in Time Square area. 1 Block away from the square. Great location. 1st night was pretty bad, ac was not working and the room was 85 degrees. No one there that could fix the problem. In the morning they changed our room to a better room. Half the staff was very helpful, the other half was not polite and seemed to not like their job.  The rooms were old but kept up very nicely. Towels were very old and thin, the bed was comfortable. The maid service was very unpredictable, they only did our room half the time. Wifi was available for a fee. I was not looking for a 4 star service, I read all the reviews and they were correct about most every thing. The location made up
bubble_30	When we checked in the lady that checked us in was not very friendly and gave us no information, unlike the man checking in the guests beside us, we got most of our info from listening in to what he was telling his guests. The security guards did not give a hello when you had to show them your room key either.   Rooms were very small but liveable for a few days and had a TV. No free wifi :(  Best thing about this hotel is the location, just off Times Square so pretty central, and close to the tourist bus and the metro.
bubble_30	This hotel really isn't that bad, and super cheap for the location.  Ok its not the ritz, but it was clean, the staff were courteous and helpful. I was travelling with my daughter and felt completely safe staying here, doors locked ok, and they had dead bolts.  Its an older building, and the furniture and fixtures are dated, but everything was clean and in working order. There's a little cafe attached to the hotel that serves an excellent breakfast of bacon, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast for less than $5.
bubble_40	Hi I felt I had to leave a reveiw as I was expecting something really awful when I read the reviews on this hotel on here. I really thought i made a huge mistake and was panicking. On arrival the staff were efficient and polite. The security guard there is so friendly! Used to like chatting to him in the mornings! ANyway the room was pleasantly much nicer than expected. We had booked 2 double bed room. The room was pretty big-  even more so considering its New York and the room had been very recently refurbished. So nice new paint in bedroom and bathroom, and no stains as mentioned in previous reviews. The bedding was very clean. The only negative thing i can mention is that the hot water seemed to be hotter at night and not as hot in the morning (unless you run it for a while
bubble_20	Front desk staff were pleasant and ensured a quick check-in. Don't expect too many amenities - expensive wifi, small thin towels, $5 per bag if you need to leave it there after check-out. We thought the room was relatively clean, minus the mold on the ceiling in the shower, but the red marks all over my arms and back now clearly indicate there were bed bugs. The saving grace for the hotel is of course the location, but that was about it. If you're a picky traveller spend the money to stay somewhere else.
bubble_20	Arrived to-day, staff just okay (not excellent as stated in many reviews), room on 10th floor facing alley, yuk.  No air conditioning so it is a 'sweat box', not very nice for a lady on a business trip but I will say the location is excellent.......to be continued.......
bubble_10	No free internet, no fridge, $5 for each bag you need held until your room is ready, no breakfast, no room service daily (every other day), so you have to get your own towels on the other day, super old mattresses.    That all being said, you can sleep here and it is located right in times square and next to all the theaters.   I would not recommend this to a friend.
bubble_50	My brother and I stayed there for 5 nights and the staff was great. We were just a block away from times square and basically everything is around this hotel.  The only thing I didn't like about it is that the bathroom door won't lock.
bubble_30	It is all about location. It is not a hotel that you should stay in for 2 weeks, since the bedroom is small and the hotel does not offer breakfast, but it is perfect if you are staying for a short time. Rates are very good compared to other NYC prices. Bedroom was clean enough (although very small). Bathroom could be a bit better, but it was ok for just one night. Front desk staff are nice. They charge you a small amount to keep your luggage after check out. No wi-fi unless you pay for it daily. I would definitely stay there again for a few nights.
bubble_40	The room was something tiny, however was clean. The bathroom look new and very clean. The location was the best near of times square. you could walk in any sense and you could see interesting places.  You could walk in any sense and always you could see interesting places. If you would like walk for many blocks, you could walk for example to empire state building(9 blocks to south approximately ) or central park ( 12 blocks to north approximately). Take the subway and go to suth ferry station and got to the statue of liberty.
bubble_30	I was a bit nervous because of some of the reviews.  Decided to try it anyway.  Lobby is a bit dark and worn, but the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Room was basic but clean.  No mold.  No bugs.  I am thinking the reviews with problems are mostly older ones.  The floor I was on was partially renovated.  I felt very safe here. The location can't be beat.  Literally steps from Time Square.  Many restaurants and theaters very close by. For the price, you can't go wrong.
bubble_30	Stayed here In June for 5 nights and although the facilities were basic the location was amazing. In between time square and port authority bus terminal the location could not have been better. Madame Tussaud's was on the street behind us and plenty of places to eat and drink all hours of the day. I would stay in this location again maybe a different hotel. Overall staff are friendly however was disappointed that there is no free wifi and has a charge of $10 per day. Moreover the rooms are not noise free so if your a light sleeper be prepared with ear plugs. Satisfied with what we paid for the 5 nights in comparison to other hotels. Once again location was the biggest advantage as we could walk anywhere within 15/20 mins in manhattan.
bubble_20	When planning an overnight trip to New York City, the immediate challenge is finding a hotel that doesn't cost a ridiculous amount, is in a safe and convenient location, and is clean. This hotel just off of Times Square in the theatre district provided that an ideal location. The price for Manhattan was good, but good is relative ($175) being from the Midwest where the finest hotels in Omaha or Des Moines don't cost that much. Regarding the room, it was bare bones basic, somewhat clean, but incredibly tight for four adults. If I was in NYC again, I am not sure whether I would stay at the Hotel Carter again. Probably, one night was plenty. The giant cockroach in the lobby may have made my wife's mind up not to return.
bubble_40	I was warned by some of my friends about the Hotel Carter and the problems in the past about cleanliness etc.  The Hotel was coincidentally just sold prior to my trip with a complete renovation planned for the futue.  The staff was incredibly friendly and wanting to please. The lobby was a little sketchy when I checked in with lots of groups booked there, probably due to  its low end price.  There is not a better spot in the city for a Hotel, right in Times Square and the Theater District.  I asked for a renovated room.  It was very nice, lots of hot water, king bed, great ac, and granite counter tops.  While the halls were still dated and the room was clean, it was an incredible value and I would stay here again !  It was a bargain, and great location.  If you want a beautiful
bubble_50	inexpensive hotel but clean, friendly and a block from times square and the theater we were attending. No food service but a small deli at the front door.  We were very pleased and will return to this hotel again.
bubble_40	I stayed here for a night - I think about 20 hours in total, so no way was I paying any more than I had to for a hotel. Cheaper places are available but they all seem to have shared bathrooms. This place is definitely the cheapest for the location and actually it really wasn't that bad. I'm not sure what people were expecting for the price for them to rate it 'terrible'.  Ok, it wasn't as clean as what I'd expect from somewhere else - the carpet needed a more thorough vacuuming, but the bed sheets were clean and so were the towels. The tv worked, the AC did its job and I got a decent night's sleep. I probably wouldn't want to have an extended stay here but that's just because I really like my comfort, but given that I was seeing a show that night and flying out the next, Hotel
bubble_40	We paid $130/night to stay in Times Square. That is a deal in NYC. We were on the 18th floor and the elevator was quick, although one of the them made a strange sound... There was only maid service every other day, but that didn't bother us. We were able to get clean towels whenever we requested them. The room was clean and basic. The finishing touches are not there (no electrical outlet cover behind the flat screen tv (only noticed this as we used the plug to charge our phones) and the tub could use some new caulking, but really, this is not a priority from me when I am in NY. The tub took a LONG time to drain, but we didn't tell them until we left, so not sure what their response would have been if we had raised it right away. The air conditioner worked well and it blocked out
bubble_20	The location of this hotel is great and the elevator was quick and quiet, the reason I am giving it a 2 rather than a 1.  The room was extremely outdated and maid service was every other day.  They did not have hand towels and we had to wait for them to wash the washcloths... when they had them.  There was a strange odor to the room, especially the closet.  The tub was tilted making it very uncomfortable to stand in the shower.  TV did not work.  When we entered the lobby we felt as if we were in an old mobster movie.  Air conditioner was extremely loud.  Would not stay here again.
bubble_40	This hotel really isn't as bad as people say! It's not the most beautiful hotel in the world, but for what you pay it's pretty damn good!   The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and we never had any issues with them. We had some lovely chats with one of the guys who worked the security down in the lobby!   Our room was ready straight away and I was greeted by something much better than I had anticipated. The room wasn't perfect by any means. The door to the cupboard near the entry didn't close, but we didn't use it anyway. The room was small, but adequate with very comfortable beds. More than enough room for us. There was a decent sized flat screen TV with a good amount of channels that worked fine for us. Also, the room was sooooo warm! Which was fantastic for our early
bubble_30	Staying in this hotel depends upon what you want and how much you can afford to stay near the Times Square. We paid around $500 per night coz we booked this hotels just less than a week before our check out. But this hotel is just a block away from Times Square. You have to pay for internet. No breakfast. Rooms are small. Bathrooms need IMMEDIATE renovation. My mail complains is about the bathroom but overall average experience.
bubble_50	Yes, the negative reviews had scared me. They were unfounded. My room was on the 8th floor. Not completely remodeled, but freshly painted, new tv, very comfortable queen size bed, newly tiled bathroom. Air conditioner worked fine. Awesome pillows. Hot Shower. Linens, mattress, towels, etc, all CLEAN. Best of all, the staff was consistently accommodating and friendly across the board. Better than some 5 stars I've stayed at. Can't say enough good about them.  The only surprise was that they haven't changed the carpet in the lobby. In summary, old - yes, dirty-no and you can't touch the price and location.
bubble_30	We got a cheapo reservation on the web ($113 plus tax made about $144 per night). Stayed 2 nights. The location is perfect, right in the Times Square, Theater District and Garment District and walking distance to Bryant Park and a little farther to Penn Station. You can get anywhere from here. But the amenities are minimal. WHile the room and bathroom were clean, there was no coffee pot or reading lamps. Yes, there were towels and shampoos. No one made our bed or gave us new towels, but that wasn't really a problem. Wifi cost $10 for a 24-hour card.  Lots of security downstairs. No restaurant or pool.
bubble_30	I stayed for 3 nights at Hotel Carter for an avg of US$150.  The location is great since it is basically on 43rd between 7th and 8th.  I rolled my suitcase from Penn Station and it wasn't bad.  Right near Times Square.  Lobby The check in starts at 3pm, and check out is 11am.  I arrived at about 9:30 am, so it was too early. You can pay $4/luggage to keep in a separate locked room.  They will tag your suitcase and when you come back you just point out your suitcase and give the person your tag.  There is a tickets booth in the lobby as well.  There is Wifi but you have to pay for it.  I didn't pay for wifi, so I don't know the cost.  The concierge is hit or miss.  There were some friendly people and some that were alright. The person checking us in was talking to her colleague
bubble_50	After reading all the previous reviews me and my partner were very apprehensive about staying at Hotel Carter! However...we were pleasantly surprised when arriving here. We were greeted by security doormen and our first impressions were great!   The hotel was very clean, a little old fashioned but staff were lovely and friendly! Free wifi in the lobby.  We stayed on the 5th floor and our room was very spacious, queen sized bed, flat screen t.v, air con was very good. Clean bathroom with powerful, hot shower! & we were given clean towels etc every other day!   The hotel is along the same road as Hard Rock Cafe and in between Times Square and 8th avenue which has plenty of restaurants and diners!   Shuttle bus to JFK for two - $50  If you're looking for a basic hotel, just to rest
bubble_40	One month after booking a room at this hotel I decided to do some research and after reading all the comments I was starting to get worried but decided to stay at this hotel anyways . After my 1st 3 days in my 1st hotel it was time to pack and head over to hotel carter all the bad reviews stuck in my  head . I tried to check in early and to my surprised I was able to check in at 12:30pm . Front desk was friendly as I'm walking into my room the room was clean and way bigger then the other hotel I was staying in around the corner . I keep my do not disturb sign on my door at all times but every-time a cleaning lady saw me they asked if I needed fresh towels or trash i didn't want . And it's also in a perfect location . over all I had a good experience and I already recommended
bubble_20	Not worth the $200 per night, very over priced for what you get.  Tiny room, tiny bathroom, towels are like paper and you have to ask for more as your room not serviced, we stayed 4 nights.  Only good thing is location just off times square.  Security at hotel lobby. Staff where friendly
bubble_30	Bit nervous after reading reviews but Room was comfortable,  big walk in closet to store luggage and decent size bathroom.  Very old but reasonably clean , staff were helpful, and doorman was a great help with the luggage. lifts a bit slow in the morning, especially up to 17th floor.  Could do with an extra blanket on bed. Location is very close to Times Square. Wouldn't be my first choice but was ok.
bubble_40	The hotel isn't top of the line, which is what you would expect for the price you're paying. But my room was clean and secure, which was important as I was staying alone for part of my trip.  It is located in the middle of Times Square, so if you plan to be out exploring all day what more do you need than a bed and shower? One setback was the wifi. It is $10 a day, which is pretty pricey, but a lot of nearby restaurants and cafs have free wifi. I'll be staying here again in July.
bubble_20	We came to NY for less than 24 hours this time so location was key.  And one of the things this hotel has going for them is LOCATION.  It is great!  1 block from time square right next to the Hard Rock.  And the price is great.  However, you get what you pay for.  Our room was very basic 2 beds (that I don't think have been updated in 20 years or more).  The sheets seemed clean and freshly laundered which is important.    The hot water did take about 7 minutes to get to the shower (and I felt really bad running the water for that long ) Our stay was fine as we were not in the room much.  When we checked out we wanted to leave our bags there... but we were told that they are a budget hotel and don't do that and we would have to talk to the company that was in the same lobby as
bubble_10	The room were dirty, furniture is very old, staff were friendly, but bathrooms and carpets were not clean, we found a lot of coins and dirty staff under the beds, room service were ok, location is perfect, if you are staying for one or 2 nights it will be ok, more than that is too much.
bubble_10	Well everyone has heard the phrase "you get what you paid for".  Would i recommend this hotel? NO ....there needs to be some improvements to this hotel in my opinion.  I was given very dirty blankets on the first day......Staff was not friendly at all.  I would have to ask more than once if needing something since room service was every other day......  And i really hate to say this but the hotel was a very filthy place as a whole.   Location is very good though but very noisy.  I think the pictures on their website is a bit misleading.  But for the price compared to other hotels, perhaps it is worth it.  I stayed there 5 nights and i did NOT see any bugs or cockroaches
bubble_40	This hotel isn't the wreck it used to be, now that it is under new ownership. Clean huge room, towels clean but cheap (you get what you pay for), giant walk-in closet. TV could have more channels but it was fine. It's obviously an old building but I was very comfortable. Nice stone shower with good water pressure & good temperature. Clean tub. AC worked fine but was a little loud. No fancy frills but for the price range it was better than you typically get. Extra credit for the GHOST though. ...I was sitting on the edge of the bed texting when I felt someone sit down on the bed behind me. I just froze for a minute thinking, did I really feel that? I continued texting then I felt it again. I slowly turned around and as I was turning I felt "it" get up. Nothing to see. I laughed &
bubble_30	I can note several bad  points about this hotel and most people have mentioned them, but in reality if you want the most bang for your buck and don't spend much time in your room, this is the place.  The carpet is old, but the bed is good and there are several electric outlets.  The towels are.threadbare but the AC works great.  So you can sleep comfortably and go out and spend some extra money since you have saved it on the room.  The location seals the deal because its just minutes to Times Square, the subway, the bus terminal and the hop on. hop off buses, many Broadway plays and several nice restaurants.  I did get tired of showing my room card to prove I stayed there, but I was glad they were screening the people coming in.  The lobby felt safe if somewhat old.  ALSO the
bubble_30	This hotel is literally on times square. you cannot really get any closer and for this price this is amazing!! If you are just using it as a place to stay its a great hotel. very warm but has air conditioning. if your looking for luxury, look elsewhere!! needs updating but the rooms were clean and quiet which is what you want after a hard day in new york
bubble_20	For the price the hotel could offer more.No free wi-fi,no refrigerator or microwave in the room. Woke up with big cockroach alive in the bathroom and some black nasty dirt came out of sink another day. Room service only every other day so if you need towels or toillet paper have to go to front desk and request them than take the elevator with other people. I felt very uncomfortable.  I will pay more and get a better hotel on my next trip to New York.
bubble_20	Think of this as location in an old building.  Awesome location.  I booked this for one night because the bus port terminal is next block around.   The room was hot we didn't notice the aircon behind the curtains till it was too late.  Room was a decent size. Carpets are shabby and the walls.  It's just old joint that's needs renovation.  Use as a stop over only.  Or find another hotel.  Value not that great.  The towel was small like a tea towel. It was an ex smoking room.
bubble_40	Family of 6 stayed for 1 night (3 rooms).   Not the most modern hotel but the location is amazing, right off Times Square and the Theatre District.   The staff are friendly.The beds are comfortable and bathrooms clean. If all you're looking for is a cheap hotel in a good location and somewhere to put your head down then I would def recommend this hotel.  Parking right next door or directly opposite hotel and the Lucky Star deli on the ground floor.  Would not hesitate to book this hotel for my next stay in Manhattan.
bubble_40	The location of this hotel could hardly be better. A 20second walk from the door to Times Square. On arrival the outside is a let down and makes you wonder what you're in for, inside however is better. The reception area and lobby are quite nice, outdated at worst. The hallways could certainly use a makeover but who goes to NY to sight-see a hallway. The room was as expected, basic, in need of a makeover, a get what you pay for job but perfectly fine and most importantly clean. 10/10 for the beds, which were clean and oh so comfortable after a days trekking NYC. The bathroom was again basic, small but it has a good shower, plentiful hot water, a sink and toilet so therefore absolutely fine. Towels were changed and room cleaned every two days. There was also a large tv in the
bubble_40	This was my 2nd visit in 2 years to the Hotel Carter. Yes, it isn't the most modern hotel but the location is amazing, the rooms are clean and the staff are friendly. The beds are comfortable and towels are changed daily. If all you're looking for is a cheap hotel in a good location and somewhere to put your head down then I would def recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	Ok, so let's be honest, it's not modern, and it's not spotlessly clean, however, you're in NYC. How much time are you realistically going to spend in the hotel. You should be out seeing the many sights and having the most amazing experience possible. The location of this hotel is perfect - right in Times Square. Plus it's as cheap as chips to stay here. All you need is a base to shower and get some shut eye, and this is it. Go enjoy the Big Apple.
bubble_40	You get what you pay for. As some reviewers have stated the whole place could really do with a full refurbishment. However, our room was clean and we have no complaints. Beds were comfy as were the pillows. Towels were changed every couple of days. There is some noise at night e.g reversing beepers and from bin lorries but compared to actual Broadway and many of the other side streets it was dead quiet. I found them helpful at reception and at the concierge desk and would recommend the hotel for somewhere relatively cheap to stay right in Broadway. If people want marble floors, a spa and posh restaurant they need to go elsewhere and pay a lot more. All we wanted was a bed for the night in a clean environment as we preferred to spend our money on enjoying ourselves.
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed here in October 2013. The hotel isn't perfect or modern, but it is great value for money, in an excellent location at Times Square, and the staff couldn't be more friendly or helpful! Although the rooms are outdated in decor, the bed was very comfortable and the room was kept lovely and clean. The water was hot and it wasn't too noisy, all you need for a mini sightseeing break in NYC!
bubble_30	There are two good reasons to stay at Hotel Carter, Its cheap and its in Times Square. The hotel is a bit gloomy and runed down. But if you can manage that, youll have a cheap room in a great spot in New York. Ive had a great time in New York and if my boss dont raise my salary Ill stay att Carter next time Im in New York.   You get what you pay for.
bubble_40	We stayed here in December 2013 during the X-mas and I must say that Hotel Carter had a major role in making our New York experience,more enjoyable and memorable! The primary reason for shortlisting this property,was the good reviews on internet, regarding it's location and  room rates. However,we were still apprehensive about our decision till the time we reached New york. It was 23rd Dec when we reached when the city was bustling with people who had come from across the globe to celebrate .Reaching the property,we were more amazed than being happy.God,what a prized location this hotel has got..it's just off the main crossing of Times Square!! One can even watch the amazing skyline of NYC and Times Sq from a room window.The location made our experience even better and we could
bubble_10	Were to start....  Pro's: The location That is all.  Cons; The television bracket in our room(639) was hanging off the wall and wires were hanging loose with bits off brick from the wall fallin off. The taps in the bathroon were moving away from the sink and barely worked. At night, there were alot of bangin noises, a slight drill noise and constant lift noises= NO SLEEP!  The walk in wardrobe was damp. The shower was dirty as was underneath the bed.  They advertize wifi yet when you ask for the password, they let you know its $10 per day to use wifi and it barely works even then. The person on meet and greet has less personality than a boiled egg and couldnt care less about helping you with any information etc as it is below him to help tourists!  I booked this hotel for two
bubble_30	Amazing location for a base , Times Square / Broadway on the doorstep and Hells Kitchen just a couple of blocks away.  Rooms were comfortable (especially the large bed)  with plenty of room to get around. Yes, the decor is outdated but don't expect 5* surroundings for a 2* price. This is New York City after all.  We would definitely come back here to stay if on a budget.  Only gripe I have is that the heating was on whilst it was quite humid outside so the room was a little on the warm side when returning but air con soon sorted that out so we felt no need to complain. Our toilet did get blocked, but was sorted right away whilst we were out. We do wish that the safe was in the room instead of behind reception.  All in all a basic room but was as clean as it could be.
bubble_30	I to was also aprehensive about booking this hotel for my trip, but found that it was ok and served its purpose as you wont be spending much time in the room in such a great city with lots to do and see!!, ( room # 1006) room was ok view from room well there wasnt one apart from a wall in one window, and other hotel rooms in the other. there was a droning sound all night  which i think was coming from an extractor vent on the other building which was a bit anoying, if i was in a room higher in the building this probably wouldnt have been an issue. Bed was comfertable, bath room was basic, the taps were a little loose there was no basin plug, shower worked fine, but i do agree with other reviews about the towel's they are very thin and small, there is no safe in the room so if
bubble_30	We stayed in NYC for 5 nights after being in DC (in a Marriot). The Hotel has a great location, practically in Times Square, we booked thru their website so we got a "new" room, 4th floor, it reminded us of some hotel rooms in Europe, very small but with the necessary. For NYC and for the location the price was fair. I would not stay here again, I would rather pay a bit more for a better hotel, nothing really wrong with the hotel, we just prefer better looking places. The room we got was very quiet so, the time we spent in the night was the only time we had silence at all, the city literally never sleeps. A tip, in Grand Central you will find a deli market, you can buy there cheese, bread, jamn Serrano, etc (we even bought red wine). Take that out to eat to Bryant Park...
bubble_40	My roommate and I recently went on a two day, two night trip to New York City and we reserved a room with two beds at the Hotel Carter. We read the reviews online and we were so afraid of what we were going to arrive to. Some reviews talked about bed bugs and rats and roaches and filth, but when we arrived our room was not even bad at all. My roommate is a huge germaphobe and she enjoyed her stay at the Hotel Carter as did I. We were placed on the 16th floor, there wasn't much of a view but we didn't mind considering we were there to explore. I didn't realize how small the room was until the next morning when we were getting ready for the day but it wasn't a huge deal for us. The bathroom is also small but everything worked and was clean. No bed bugs, no roaches or rats, no mold
bubble_30	Excellent location, close to Times Square and public transport routes. As other reviewers have noted, there are no frills, but it is clean enough and comfortable. It was a bit tricky to find cheap food nearby though, given the proximity to Times Square (I assume you are on a budget if you are considering staying at this hotel).  We did have a slight drama - one morning water started coming through our roof (I think the person above flooded their bathroom). To their credit management fixed us up with another room instantly. We just packed up our stuff and there was another room waiting, no fuss.
bubble_40	I'll be honest, I was really worried about this hotel before I got there after reading all the bad reviews!  I was surprised by how good this hotel is! OK, it is dated but it was clean and location is practically on Times Square. I would 100% stay here again! We got this hotel so cheap.  We had 2 double beds, the bathroom was quite small but we had hot water whenever we needed it. You dont get some of the smaller things in this hotel like hairdryer, ice bucket but who cares in NYC?  We spent little time in the room anyway, all we wanted was a clean bed and shower and its exactly what we got!  Rooms were cleaned every other day as other people have said but the staff were more than happy to give us extra towels or toilet roll if we needed it.  Only one bit of advice would be TAKE
bubble_30	This is the 2nd time I stay here because its great location. The subway is just in the corner, time square right in the corner too, farmacy, markets, restaurants, everything right there.  I guess this old building should have a rooms restorations. I love location, I hate old bathroom from this hotel, and old furniture.  The hotel owners or the hotel staff must know that they should take advantange of its location to serve better the guests.
bubble_30	Very basic hotel...neat and clean rooms...nothing fancy. Although i must admit we were a bit concerned reading all the negative reviews prior to our check in...but its not that bad. And the best part...LOCATION...its right on times square...and a small walk to all major attractions..if you dont mind basic stuff..go for it.
bubble_20	I guess everything this hotel has to offer corresponds to its rating - 1 star. It is terrible: tiny rooms, dirty blankets, no service. The room wasn't cleaned in a week. The only way of how the 'staff' was friendly was by saying "hi" to everyone. And every additional service costs money  - from Wi-Fi ($30 per device for 2 days) to leaving the luggage in a locker room after the check-out. Tip: the higher up the building, the better the rooms are (for the same cost).
bubble_30	$80 a night and stones throw from Time Square and subways...it was super-ideal for me and I would most definately come back! Whiny & entitled, high maintenance people who want their butts kissed by staff ...well you guys will be cry thru your whole vacation if you stay here...bummer for you. There is no hotel gift shop, there is no hotel bar or restaurant. (I didn't care--there was all of NYC to enjoy right out the front door).  The Hotel Carter is a very old building. The walls and trim have been painted over a million times but is functional. The bathroom fixtures are also old, but functional. The furniture is pretty run down but functional. The carpet in the room, old-ish but functional. Getting the picture?   What I got: I showed up at noon and my room was all ready to go
bubble_30	It's all about the location with decent and cheap price. It's not a 5 star hotel, so dont expect much!  The hotel is old, small rooms, which we didnt mind coz we were out most of the time. 5 min walk to times square, closer to subway stations.The only problem in my stay was the bathroom had a piping issue, water didnt drain in the bath tub. We told the reception and moved us to another room. Overall, it was an OK experience.
bubble_50	first thing.. keep in mind you are getting what you are paying for..its not five stars hotel so if you are a fancy traveler do not go here you- will be crying and complaining like others. hotel is located in Time Square so you are in the heart of a hot mess especially in the evenings when people are out. location is fantastic.  now about the hotel Carter- me and my sister booked that hotel and been terrified after all bad reviews but when we got there everything turn out great. first they give us very bad room so we asked for new one and we got it. clean beds no blood stains no bed bags hot water in the shower every morning- enough towels, toiletries. we felt safe there. we bought wi-fi for week and they split it for us so both we can use it. internet worked perfect. all the
bubble_20	This hotel is just one step above a hostel. Of course the rooms are depressing, but I did not expected more than that. The staff makes you feel they are doing a favor for you anytime they help you. They do not smile and they are not courteous. There were no towels at the room, you hear all rooms flushing throughout the night, because of the noisy flush they have. There were papers from former guests in the drawers when we checked in. My brother and his wife stayed in another room that there was hair in the tub from former guests, and after they showered the tub was clogged. There is only 1 good thing about this hotel that is the location, but in my opinion, this was not enough in order for me to return to this hotel.   On Apr. 7th, my husband posted a review here complaining
bubble_40	First of all, like you can understand from the other reviews, the hotel location is amazing!!  5 min' walk from Time Square, central subway and everything you need.  About the hotel, it is true that he is not the most new and modern, but for the price you pay it excellent.  We got a room on the 6th floor (634) which was renovated at a high level. The room was painted, and with new furniture (all from Ikea :-). I'ts small room, but in New-York you come to your room just for sleeping.  The hotel staff was nice and courteous, and next to the reception there is information center to help you in whatever you need.  The only thing that upset us was the charge of $4 per bag, at the luggage storage after checking out. We never paid for this service in any other hotels. By the way the
bubble_10	As I was alone, despite very bad recommendations I took the risk to stay here for a night, my experience was horrible, The Old furnishing,  Old Bed welded in lower part that can hurt you If you comes down from the bed carelessly, the door closer springs will wake you with crank crank, the sewerage pipe goes from the wardrobe ( avoided hanging cloths there) , the bath room in miserable condition. I am surprised how the NY certification authorities allowing this hotel to run without maintaining and repairing this hotel.
bubble_30	Booked our trip to NYC three months ago, including 5 nights at the Hotel Carter, before reading the reviews.. Once I read the reviews, I was concerned, figuring my wife would absolutely hate it. Our trip was last week, and I have to say that "Basic, but acceptable, with a fantastic location" is accurate.  I will stay there again (and my wife agreed) .   For the benefit of future travelers who need to make a decision on where to stay, here are some details:  You will not find room service, large fluffy towels, a facecloth,  an ice machine, or a functioning hair dryer at this hotel . (Our room had a hair dryer and it was very scary).  The room was clean, the beds were clean. (no bed bugs or other wildlife). The rooms are small, with nowhere to sit unless you are in the bed. No
bubble_20	We stayed here one night just before Easter weekend.  Hotel prices were very high throughout the city and this was on the low end and we just needed a place to sleep.   The location of the hotel was fantastic and we actually had a good view.  The hotel staff was friendly and they check your key when you return to prevent non guests from entering.   If you are looking for a budget hotel with a private bathroom, but don't expect anything else, then this will fit your needs.     The rooms and hallways are in need of some upgrades.  The carpeting was very old and worn looking.  While it may or may not have actually been dirty, it just seemed like that due to the age.   The bathroom appeared clean, but also very dated, so you questioned how clean it really was.  The bath towels were
bubble_30	Super basic, pretty run down really but the location is great so that's obviously the selling point here. To be honest I've had much nicer hotels than this in the city for a better price so if you shop around you can probably do better. It didn't spoil the trip or anything, at the end of the day you won't be spending much time in your room while you're in NYC, will you?
bubble_10	I am writing this review on behalf of my mother.  Please see my review at Casablanca Hotel.    The good...the staff was always friendly.  Always.  My mom felt safe.  The location is WONDERFUL!!  Noise from Times Square was minimal.  The shower worked.  The bad...lobby-cigarette burns throughout the carpeting.  Room-the bed was comfortable but very thin sheet and the comforter was extremely worn.   I couldn't have slept with that type of bedding. The carpeting had a huge bleach stain, had threadbare areas.  The 'desk' was broken.  No Kleenex, no alarm clock, no bath size towels.  My mom took a picture of her towel that she was supposed to dry off with...it had a hole in it.  Her second day, her room was not even made up while she was gone all day.  The third day, it was magically
bubble_10	Please. Don't. Anywhere else. It will ruin your whole stay in NYC. The rooms are FILTHY and STINKY.  Same for the guests and employees. The only positive feature is the incredible location, next to Times Square. But please, don't go there, do it for me.
bubble_50	Just HAD to write in to thank everyone at The Hotel Carter for ANOTHER wonderful stay!   The staff at this hotel is TOP-NOTCH and continually make our New York vacations an extreme pleasure!  The manager and his staff are amazing!  Their smiling faces greeted us every morning and went out of their way to do EVERYTHING they could to accommodate us.  This is without a doubt the best place to stay in New York when traveling on a budget.  Honestly, I would bet that even the staff at the Ritz would be challenged to match the wonderful service provided by the manager at the Hotel Carter.  He is UN-beatable! Thank you again for making my mom and I feel so welcome!  We look forward to our next stay!!!  Hopefully soon!  :)  All our best, Robin and Lorraine
bubble_20	The pics that this hotel posts on their FB page are not accurate at all to the rooms in real.  In real, it looks like the hotel is 100 years old and has never had a new paint job, tiles are broken, plastering is terrible, let's say it won't deserve a medal. Everything looks really dated. No restaurant, not even a waterboiler to make a cup of tea / coffee, no safe. We stayed with a party of 9 and none of us got a proper room, they all looked as poor as the other. The location is really great though, so if you want to pay as less as possible to stay in a basic hotel in NYC at a great location, this hotel is perfect for you.
bubble_50	You have a bed, shower , tv and power, what do you need more.. you in newyork to visit , not to stay at the hotel !!! . yes the hotel is older and need renovation, but you paid for what you get! 1 minute walk from time square. perfect location. i was so afraid , after all the bad review... and after all , not that bad, i will sleep there again ! You have to paid for your Wifi, Mcdo around the corner, free wifi.
bubble_30	You get what you pay for, sure it's not the greatest place to stay but as long as you've read the reviews and know what to expect, there won't be any problems. Room was very basic as was the bathroom but I knew that was what I was paying for so i can't complain.
bubble_10	Let's see...where to begin reviewing this pathetic monstrosity?  So, for about $250 a night, this is what you get:  1) Not very clean to begin with, maybe 2 star. Worse, housekeeping comes only every other day.  Else, you take out your own garbage and clean your own room.  You get 3 towel sets and 1 roll toilet paper, expected to last 2 days with 4 people in room!  2) WiFi access for rape prices; like ~ $25 per computer or smart phone for 3 days.  3) No ice machine.  4) No answer when phoning the main desk to complain.  Must go 17 floors to complain in person.  5) Bathroom door does not close shut; no working doorknob, no lock.  Need to place a heavy object behind door to keep it shut when using bathroom.  6) Small , dim room.  One overhead bulb in main room; other lamp no
bubble_30	Ignore the dramatically negative reviews.... I took a school group there for a 3 day trip and while I kept my expectations pretty low, it wasn't nearly as bad as described in the reviews.  It is definitely spartan in decorations, has small rooms,  but everything had fresh paint, sheets were clean, beds comfortable, good showers with hot water and I felt completely safe the entire time.  Elevators ran quickly - 3 of them - and the staff was accommodating.   I've stayed in upscale hotels in NY but I've found that for a sight seeing trip, I prefer a good price and great location as we spend very little time in the hotel.  Towels were skimpy, but they were generous with them and gave us extras anytime we asked.... We laughed at the new flat screen TVs mounted on the wall - good
bubble_30	We stayed on the 23rd floor for 5 nights in April 2014 and found you needed the air on to block out the siren noises to be able to sleep, but that's a matter of what you are used to.  My complaint is that they blocked our internet access and mobile phone voice call usage as soon as you got out of the elevator on your floor.  Restricted access changed - data blocked.  Restricted access changed - voice blocked came up on our phone.  When you have already paid for a service no one should have the right to block you from it just because you are in their building and they want you to pay $10.00/device for 3 days access to internet!!!!!!!!!!  We had to go downstairs to make any phone calls to book tours etc. which is just ridiculous.  This smacks of rip off to me!  Our phone provider
bubble_20	It is amazing how such a pathetic hotel can still exist. They are aware of the fact that their location is superb and that will get them bookings. Hence, they give a damn about maintenance, and service. Cordiality is a word alien to the staff. In the middle of December, during a blizzard, the heating wasn't working in my room. They refused to change the room saying that I will have to adjust as there are no more rooms available in that category, while the maintenance guy had informed me that there were empty rooms. The staff will make you feel like they are doing an immense favour by letting you rent a room. I had to endure this for 7 days and fell ill due to the cold. Couldn't change as it was pre-booked. If you wish to keep your luggage and not spend time in your room, then
bubble_40	Upon check in, we were told that a room was available now ( non updated room) or we could wait about an hour to check in (as we were 2 hours early checking in anyways, we waited) and we would get an updated room.  The wait was well worth it, as the room was updated nicely.  Don't get me wrong, the rooms are still small but you're in New York to see New York, not the inside of your hotel room.  This was our third time staying here and we will definitely stay here again in the future as the hotel is centrally located to Times square and to multiple subway station to get you outside of the Times Square area.  You're only a short walk to Restaurant Row and to a lot of Broadway shows.  The only bad thing I would have to say about the hotel is that on 2 of the mornings, there was no
bubble_40	Perfectly located. For what we paid, and after reading some of the horrific reviews on here, we were pleasantly surprised to find a good sized, clean room and bathroom. No frills. Sheets and towels were clean (housekeeping every other day), bed was comfy. We stayed for 7 nights and only on the Saturday morning did we have no hot water. Apart from very loud guests talking and singing in the corridors all hours of the day (you're gonna get that no matter what price you pay for a hotel), I would definitely recommend this place if you just want a clean, comfy, safe place to rest your head. Centrally located, it's 2 secs away from the subway and was a perfect stop for us to freshen up and dump our bags before heading out for the evening.
bubble_50	We stayed at Hotel Carter for 10 nights. And while I was worried about the reviews, I was actually surprised because I had built it up in my mind to be really bad! Our room was a pretty decent size, the sheets were clean and were changed every day (mattress was also clean). Our bathroom had no mould and was very clean. Bed was comfortable. It's basic but if you are just looking for somewhere to sleep then it is great. There is also a sign at reception which states that if you have been in your room for up to 10 minutes and you are unhappy with it, then you can go back down to reception and get a refund. I'd still recommend Hotel Carter to my friends for its location and price. Reception staff were also very friendly and helpful.
bubble_30	If you are looking for a low price (definitely not cheap at $160 per night) hotel close to Times Square that is very, very basic and clean the this hotel is OK. The hotel is really old and in need of some basic refurbishment. My room was small and very basic - double bed, table (no chair) and TV on wall. View from 6th floor window was of a brick wall two meters away. Bathroom small with shower in a small bath. Location is great - for shopping, being close to the Times Square vibe and all the Theatre shows. Concierge was able to arrange a shuttle to airport, which was OK.
bubble_30	That's all this is. There was a bed and a bathroom, and not much else. A small nightstand and a television on the wall. But if you're going to New York, I highly recommend not staying in your hotel all day, anyway!  The location of this hotel is perfect, within walking distance of a bunch of theaters. It's one of the cheaper options I've found that close to the theater district. Also very close to a couple of Subway lines.  Mattress wasn't very comfortable, and it squeaked and rattled on its frame at every little movement. There was a window AC unit, but the curtains covered it up. Not a big deal, because I was there in the winter, but in the summer when you need to use the AC, it might be a problem. Radiator for heat, which I didn't know how to use, ha. There was also some
bubble_40	I don't want to cover old ground here, we have established that the decor is old and the rooms are basic.  This is a place to shower, sleep and get dressed on a budget.  If you are going to the center of Manhattan and spending hours and hours in the hotel then you might as well have stayed at home.  Location - Its great! A two minute walk to Time Sq and the subway, or two minutes to the port authority bus terminal.  Room - Some people are saying that they found the rooms to be small.  By US standards, this may be true, but I would say they are about the same size as most European rooms.  Ours had a superking sized bed (very comfy), one set of drawers, a large desk with a 32" TV and a closet with hanging space.  The bathroom was, again, similar to European rooms in size.  Small
bubble_20	A hostel at max.  If you are looking for a bed to crash after a long day in NY then only I would recommend this hotel, as the rooms have only a bed and nothing else. Rooms: Depressing lighting, bad smell, no space, ceiling with water marks and a bed. Bathroom: Smells, basic otherwise. Location: AMAZING.. right in the heart of Time square and honestly the only reason to stay here.  If you want great location and modestly priced hotel and don't mind the rest then this the place for you. But if rooms matter to you stay some place else.
bubble_30	Myself and my dad went to New York the 28th March to 3rd April to scatter my late husbands ashes at Central Park, we just wanted something cheap and cheerful and this more than suited our needs.  On arrival check in was quick and easy, although we were first given a room with a king size bed this was changed without a problem to room 711.  Ok this place wasn't the Ritz but then we didn't pay Ritz prices and had realistic expectations.  Our view was amazing a breeze block wall a foot away from the window, but then this blocked out any street noise so sleeping was not a problem as it was extremely quiet.  Yes the room could do with some updating but the beds were big and comfortable, the carpet was clean, the tv worked and the shower was fabulous (better than mine at home)
bubble_30	To be in New york for this price and location - it's really awesome. Sure, the rooms are very small and would need some shape up but other than that, it's a really good place to stay. Staff is really nice and helpful and there's a place to eat breakfast just downstairs. Times square is just around the corner and subway as well. Location is really perfect!   Some negtive stuff if that you have to pay for wifi, and pretty a lot...(5$ for 2 hours, 10$ for 24 hours and 25$ for 3 days I think) Also to leave the luggage in the lobby after checking out they charge you for (4$ per bag) which I think is bad, I mean you already payed for your stay there. If you are sensitive for noise at night, bring ear plugs cause you kind of get the feeling of being outside because of all the nouse. We
bubble_10	I do not normally write a bad review and I certainly have never written a review before actually setting foot inside a place that I am reviewing.  However, my wife has attempted to contact this hotel on numerous occasions as we are meeting up with family traveling from outside the US and wanted to arrange transportation for them through the concierge desk and to verify reservations.  What we got at first was no response and after several attempts through email we received a very rude reply written from what I can only guess is a disgruntled employee having a bad day and writing like a teenager who was texting with his or her friends.  We decided on a different approach and went old school and we phoned the hotel.  My wife was told by the lady that she would have someone call us
bubble_40	Just got back from my stay! This was a bargain especially as you are located just off Time Square. The room was a bit tired but it was clean and the beds were comfy, and that's all you need if your staying in NYC!
bubble_30	We were a little scared because of all the bad reviews on the internet but we had a great time in this hotel last week. Yes, the hotel looks old and the rooms are pretty ugly but it's clean, the beds are ok and the bathroom is fine. That's all you need when you're visiting NYC. We had a room on the 5th floor on the left side of the hotel which was pretty noisy.
bubble_20	Only stay here if you seriously can not avoid too. Its in a great location being literally off Times Square but other than that every aspect of this hotel is not nice. Due to this being my very first time in New York City we did not spend much time in the room.
bubble_40	We got a great deal staying here including flights. We found the staff helpful and friendly and for my travel companion who had never been to New York before the location was great. Yes, the rooms are dated but we had a hot shower every morning, the room was big enough and was warm. For travellers on a budget it was perfect.
bubble_20	I have never written a hotel review before but feel compelled to do so now.  I didn't read any reviews of Hotel Carter before booking it for 4 nights with my sons, but I already knew not to expect too much based on the price.  You don't go to New York City to stay in a hotel room, so I knew the room would be small.  That's fine; however, I naively expected warm water for a brief shower and at least some half-hearted attempt at room hygiene.  I found items under the beds that obviously had been left there weeks earlier.  Carpet was gross.  The bathroom, including the shower, was the size of a portapotty and only slightly cleaner.  Cleaning the room was done every other day.  You couldn't call downstairs to anyone to request anything because the phone could only manage a busy
bubble_10	Myself my partner & Family stayed here for 6 days it's old run down and they only clean the rooms every 3-4 days but if you have sense leave nothing valuable in your room as I got a dress STOLE this dress was for a boutique show at the other side f the world and was valuable to me this was left on my bed top and wen I returned that eve the room was cleaned and the dress was gone.....!!!!! At first stayed cool and calm and said they may have lifted it by mistake but two weeks has passed and since I left the hotel I have rang 3 times and emailed them 5 times and each time they have hung up on me and have not responded to my emails!! Greta customer service guys we will never be back to a bunch of thieves!!!
bubble_30	The Carter have a great location. This is the best point of it. The service is nice and all the staff loves to help. In winter i didn't feel cold, the temperature in the room was fine And the price is great!  But... The hotel needs an urgent restoration. The mattress are old and the whole rooms needs more than just a fast paint in the walls.  IT'S FINE JUST TO SLEEP, but don't expect more than that.
bubble_50	this hotel is everything you need for a trip to new york, it is clean and tidy the rooms are a good size the beds are comfortable and there is warm water at all times of the day contrary to some otger reviews ive read. the staff are friendly and helpful and the security is top notch, your not getting up stairs withough a room key. the location is outstanding walking distance to everything and subways are very close. restaurant row is inly a few blocks away so there are plenty of places to eat and there are aby number of broadway shows  in the area. over all i was 100% satisfied with this hotel and i will be back in the future   srayed from march 19th to 25th 2014
bubble_40	We were pleasantly surprised with this hotel, probably because we'd read all the bad reviews before hand. I think it's fairly safe to say that you will not find a cheaper hotel without having to share a bathroom with such a central location any cheaper. We found the beds to be pretty comfy, obviously it could be more modern, maintained etc. but you get what you pay for and in this case I think that rings true. Can I also just mention that Alvin on reception was fantastic, really helpful the few times we spoke to him and made our stay here. In summary if you want a cheap, central hotel with a warm bed and your own bathroom stay here, just don't expect it to be perfect!
bubble_30	We stayed here for 5 days. The location is excellent so close to Times Square and affordable that's about it. The rooms are small, basic but that's all we needed. The worst part was the bathroom the hot water never lasted and it smelt of mould. If your travelling on a budget this is a great choice, but if you have a bit more to spend try else where.
bubble_30	location is fantastic. Less than a minutes walk from Times Square so perfect for the tourist! This is a basic hotel that provides the bare minimum you need. It's not the cleanest, or most modern but for the price and location it's great. A dam good clean would help but the sheets were clean on the bed and the carpet had seen a hover recently.   Vending machines in the foyer, luggage storage, concierge service  and security are available, wifi at cost but worked well in the room. Would I stay again? Yes, but wouldn't be my first choice. It's cheap and basic but if it's no frills in a fantastic location then it's perfect.
bubble_30	Even though we have read some bad reviews about this hotel, we decided to make a reservation for 9 nights to Hotel Carter because of the location and of course- the price. Both of them are excellent. When we got to the room we were pleasantly surprised. Of course you could see by looking at the room, that this hotel was not built yesterday. So if you are expecting something shiny and new from your room, go somewhere else. Flat screen TV, beds were comfortable, walk-in closet was big enough for suitcases and clothes and bathroom was quite big and clean. There is no coffee maker or fridge in the room that was the only thing we missed. But there is a deli downstairs which is open 24/7 so cup of coffee was easy to get when wanted. Wi-Fi works in the room, but youll have to buy a
bubble_20	As soon as we walked in, we were discriminated against. My husband walks out and comes back in and he is chased down by security for no reason. It was disgusting. Claimed to not seen us when we walked in. Check out was speeding. Room was placed near stairs and storage closet so constant slamming of doors throughout the night. We couldn't stay in the room too long because it was so small for three ppl but had a double bed! No ice machine. Store next door charging $5 for a 20 oz soda. Let a tourist pay that we aren't dumb. Housekeeping knocks at 9 am to ask when we leaving even though checkout is at 11am! Courtesy doesn't exist. If you are not planning on staying in the room, its fine. Price for convenient location to times square.
bubble_40	A group of us. 11 Kiwi ladies, none under 60yrs old stayed here in nov 2013. We were dubious as some of the reviews were not so flattering. Well we could not have been happier, location was Marvellous, staff were accommodating,rooms were ok. We all enjoyed it and if I ever go back to New York City I would definitely stay here again.ps don't buy coffee in the shop downstairs,not Hotel Carter's, much too expensive
bubble_10	I have stayed at this hotel on a few occasions and never had a problem. However this time was different.  We were staying for one night and when we got up to shower in the morning the inside if the shower curtain was covered in mold. Since we were checking out in a few minutes we just showered with the curtain open. When we checked out I told the woman at reception that our shower curtain had mold all over it. Her reply was "Did you say anything when you checked in?" I said no because we didn't check the shower curtain upon arrival. She said "Oh ok well you are all checked out then. Have a nice day" seriously no "I'm sorry" nothing? What kind of place has that poor customer service? They are advertising the fact that the entire hotel is remodeled and Ty don't even check their
bubble_30	So after reading the reviews of this hotel I would have never booked it. But one of my friends highly recommended it if you just want somewhere to have a rest from touring NYC. So the location is unreal and the rooms are wel ok. Only complaint was the rude Chinese man at the customer service. He literally walked off as I was booking my bags in the storage.
bubble_40	4 days in this hotel. Check-in took a few minutes and check-out a few seconds.Two rooms close by as requested.Everything was fine, clean and as many clean towels as we wanted. A little outdated and worn but we were expecting this.Radiater on full but we were able to work the clim and open windows a little. Hotel staff were correct and polite.Shuttle back to Newark airport 12,50$+15%tip to bus driver(30 minutes). 3day hop-on/off bus tour 32$(incl night trip,1hour bike rental in central park and free admission to museum of New York.100yards from Times Square.4$ per bag to leave luggage in hotel.
bubble_10	This hotel is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in my whole life. The hotel building is very dirty and old. The reception staff was very rude. the elevator is very hold and you don't feel safe. The Rooms are very small, dirty and terrible. the towels and bed sheets were not so clean. I even didn't see any housekeeping staff during my stay. you really feel that u are staying in a hotel back in the 50s. but the only good thing to be honest is its location , only some walking steps from Times Square.
bubble_20	Well located near time square and transport network. Unfortunately, it centrality is also its short coming if you are not in New York for sight seeing and its night life. Otherwise free to move even when alone in the busy streets around at night. Too  much noise from air conditioning systems for all the buildings around. So it is very difficult to sleep and recover for the next days discoveries. Be sure to have money on you because in this hotel, any service requested is paid for. (Adopter 5 US  $, Storage for luggage 5 US $, Internet service and so on and on)  This means real hotel services are minimalist, just cleaning your room once every other day ! So even with good hotel staff the hotel policy makes hospitality very difficult. Not visiting them anytime soon, because I need
bubble_10	According to the budget, this hotel was booked for our group based on price and location. The location is great, but the hotel is so poor! I understand the hotel is old and busy, but this is not an excuse for the lack of hygiene.  The floor was so dirty that we needed to have the shoes on all the time. I asked for a simple vacuum cleaning but they never came. The hotel only had cleaning every other day, but they just made the beds and replaced bath items. They never cleaned the floor or the bathroom!  The AC was very noisy and the room temperature was always low.   I don't recommend  this hotel, unless you don't care about cleanliness of the rooms.
bubble_40	I stayed at this hotel a while back. My partner and I braced ourselves when we checked in due to the awful reviews I have been reading about the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised though that the hotel was not that bad. In fact, we had fun and we would gladly like to stay there again. Just too bad I was not able to get their manager's contact details because we had to catch our flight. He is a filipino like myself and I wanted to see if I could get any future discounts :)
bubble_50	We have just returned from a stay at the Carter Hotel and I can't fault it. It is so close to everything you need, staff are helpful, room was clean. Yes it is a little outdated but what do some of you expect. For location and price you can't get better. I would highly recommend.
bubble_40	Ny is about the city and not the hotel. This one is fine. We stayed 7 nights. Location perfect: a half block of Times Square, a block of a subway station with 6 lines and not a creepy neighborhood.  Room clean: room was cleaned every two days and we got new towels. Staff: friendly and helpful when we needed them. Although the staff behind the tour&ticket counter doesnt know anything!  Only downside was the central heating!
bubble_10	The first thing that I noticed was the stench of fowl odor when I walked into the lobby, and it did not get any better.  I would rather sleep in a box on the street than stay at this hotel again. This is the dirtiest hotel I've ever been in. Even had to pay for the room key, what the hell was this?  could not hang my things up in the room closet because it stunk so much. When I come to NYC next time Ill save some money and sleep on the subway.........
bubble_10	The dirtiest place I have ever stayed and I frequently stay in hostels. My party had 2 rooms on the 10th floor for our stay last August and both were disgusting, although one worse than the other. Rooms were dark and dingey with stained carpets and walls. The bed sheets were dirty to the point that we bought sleeping bags to sleep in on top of the sheets. The bathroom was grimey and dirty and the plug hole in the bath blocked, so whilst using the shower the water would pool to around 3/4 inches in the bottom of the tub - the water was also dirty, must have dredged up whatever was stuck in the pipes and left a dirty line around the bottom of the bath after it had drained. Only saw housekeeping once in the 5 night stay. The only good thing about this hotel was the location. 1
bubble_50	So I haven't stayed here for a while, but I am a repeat customer of the Hotel Carter and get frustrated when I see people complain about it. First off, it's a NYC hotel at around $120 per night. Split that in two for a twin room and that is $60 a night in Manhattan BARGAIN! Secondly, Times Square is literally at your doorstep, I could not think of a much more convenient location. Thirdly, yes the rooms are basic, but you have your own private room with a bathroom, aircon and a TV. Given all this, the Carter is an absolute STEAL at this price and if you don't like it then go on and fork out an extra $200 per night to have your much needed luxury.
bubble_40	This hotel is located just next to Times Square so is excellent to go around. We have been there for a week and our experience was satisfying, the room was big and confortable. The staff was kind and professional. I'll certainly come back and i suggest it for people who want a great position with a low budget
bubble_10	Well, my expectation was not that high toward this place. A very cheap price at a strategic location (2 block away from Times Square), I didn't expect much.  Check in was fast. The elevator was very old, looks like from the 40's. When we got in our floor, we felt that we were inside a museum. Felt like Al Capone era, in the 20's. The room was small. The mattress and pillows were horrible. I didn't have a good sleep.  After we did sightseeing and return to our room, they didn't clean up and make the room. That wasn't surprised me, since they have a poor service.  Overall, this place is nice just for their strategic location. Other than that, better looking somewhere else.
bubble_30	Ok let's just start off by saying I knew everything about this hotel going in so I can't complain.... Now with that said I'm really confused here.. how can you have an "D list" hotel with "A list" security???   Good point for me... The bed felt wonderful best sleep I've had in all the places stayed so far in NY... The security in the hotel was excellent if you didn't have a key card your not getting upstairs at all and the guards were serious about it.... I've been in a lot better hotels and the security wasn't this good at all.....  Bad point for me.... The walls in the room were dirty the towels were "VERY" thin and little for drying off the body.... The bathroom was low budget nothing to write home about... the remote control for the TV didn't work and how can you have an
bubble_10	Booked to stay at the Carter for 3 nights.  I checked out after the first and would've checked out instantly had I had time to sort it.  The place is disgusting.  Dirty, old, worn.  It's honestly like the place where the blues brothers live.  To top it off I came down in the morning and there was a taped off murder scene to the right of the front door.  No kidding.  I got out of there right away.
bubble_40	Stayed at the Carter in September 2013 my wife and I were a bit worried about the bad reviews but we were pleasantly surprised, yes the rooms do show their age but the room was clean and had everything we needed, the hotel had great security and the staff was always friendly and helpful, we have stayed at many other hotels in the Times Square / theater district and really for the money it is a fantastic value.
bubble_40	After reading such bad reviews I wasn't sure what to expect, but being here now spending my first night I can say I made no mistake booking my 3 night stay here. Clean room, warm water with super high pressure, fast internet (slight fee), and comfy bed (no bed bugs), what more can it ask for? Sure the room is small and there's not allot happening in here aesthetically but it's very pleasant and perfect to come back to after a long day out exploring NYC. It was the perfect choice for me and my budget, I highly recommend it and I myself plan to say again on my next visit to this beautiful city.
bubble_40	After reading heaps of bad reviews we had our hopes set low, but once we arrived we didn't understand the fuzz. Our room was clean, the staff was friendly and we had everything we needed. And that for being so close to Times Square. Don't expect a Hilton or Sheraton, but if you're looking for a decent, safe, clean place to stay near Times Square that doesn't turn your pockets inside out, in my opinion this is it. We quite liked this place!  Okay, our TV wasn't able to stablize the sound, but hey: you're visiting NYC. I don't think you'll really need your tv that often. At times our room was really hot, however (even though it was freezing outside, so on the bright side: the heater works!).  We were staying at this place during new years eve. We won't bother you with the long
bubble_40	My cousin and I stayed there mostly because of the price, we stayed in the beginning of January everything was okay, we got what we paid for. It is very old, and moldy and it may not be dirty but it looked it a bit. The customer service was good they were friendly and helpful! All in all being so close to times square, good customer service, and fair price over weighed the mold and other iffy stuff about the rooms and hallways, it was just a couple of nights. Also i really liked the fact that the staff checked on us, i'm not sure who they were but they always asked us if we were okay or if we needed anything even the ladies cleaning always walked across the hall to ask us if we needed help, i'm guessing  it was because we were just two girls all alone in time square for the
bubble_50	We stayed at the Hotel Carter and was pleasantly surprised with our experience.  Yes the hotel could use updates but it was very charming. Staff was pleasant and helpful.  Will be staying there again soon!
bubble_40	We spent 4 nights here at the start of February.  The hotel is clean and tidy, if a little dated. and the staff were all friendly.   The location is fantastic, half a block from Times Square, plenty of restaurants and bars within a short walk too.  I'm not sure about all the reviews about the rooms and so forth, ours was clean and to be fair, who goes to New York and spends time sitting in their hotel room, as far as I was concerned it had a bed and a shower, so it was perfect for what I was after.
bubble_40	We spent several nights here at the Carter over the last several months.  It has really been improving and is a great deal for just a half block from Times Square.  At the price we would have had to share a bath elsewhere within several blocks but had a simple, clean & quiet comfortable bed and bath and were right in the heart of the Theater district with easy access to the subway, Amtrak, hundreds of restaurants and all the rest we came to New York to enjoy.  Sure, it's an older building with old fashioned looking fixtures and doesn't have it's own bar or restaurant but who needs that when all of Midtown is at your fingertips.   Compared to other hotels in the neighborhood, for what we saved on the room each night we could pay for dinner and drinks!  This is a decent well
bubble_20	The price and the location are attractive for a short stay here. However the rooms are real bad with fiitings not working proerply in the bathrooms, bad closets, paint peeling off the walls, beds not upto the mark and crammed rooms. In case not so fussed about amenities and are likely to be out the full day, its location and price is value for money.
bubble_40	stayed here a couple nights over superbowl weekend have to say for the price and location it was a great deal a no frills hotel but found staff friendly and rooms comfortable if a little dated wi-fi was available for $9.99 24hrs..found it a little patchy but when it worked was pretty fast hotel is seriously central...couple mins walk from times sq the carter hotel wont win any hotel awards but it does exactly what it says on the tin!!...recommended
bubble_10	I stayed here for new years as it was the best price and so close to Times Square.  Location is really the only thing going for this hotel. I'm pretty easy going and have stayed in some pretty low star hotels all around the world but this one stands out and not for the good. Bedding was FILTHY. the sheets came off and the mattress was full of stains. Old TV that didnt work. Bed so was sleeping on bricks. Obviously I didnt spend my time in the room however I didnt even want to sleep in the bed. Hot water took 5 minutes to come on. Extremely close to everything though, including a strip club right next door MEN! I would not recommend. I would prefer to spend more money (and thats unlike me!)
bubble_40	I've been there during my stay in the city and all I can say is that you get for what you pay and it's worth it! The best thing about this hotel is its locations. Near everything you may need and want to see! Specially if you are a tourist that wants to be close to Broadway and TS.
bubble_30	Great hotel for a short stay in New York. Just one minute walk to some big attractions and just around the corner of TS. Lobby is OK, but was a bit crowded and dirty when we where there. Elevators are fast and get u there. Rooms are OK, but way to hot! Glad we could open the window and turn on the AC. Overall condition of the rooms is OK, not shiny and new, but on the old side, but we did not bother (checked 2 rooms, because we had a party of 4).  If you dont mind that the room is not up to modern standards, then this hotel is the best!
bubble_40	You can't beat the view and very close to Times Square and located in the heart of Manhattan . Beds are comfy. Loved how quiet my room was despite being in such a noisy area. Staff was amazing and friendly --thanks to Alvin Velasquez!-- the front desk. Pretty close to subway. Great access to a number of Broadway shows, as they're within walking distance. There's a lot of shop across the street that sells snacks/water at all hours.
bubble_40	You def get what you pay for but overall the location was amazing just a block away from times square . The service was great as well. I stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms still was kinda old looking but clean ! had air conditioner , heat , hot water & clean sheets ! btw, the food in the diner downstairs is sooooo good ! however , the employees are very rude . If i visit NYC in the future i probably would stay here again :)
bubble_40	Sure, it's a barebones hotel - the bed was so-so (a little lumpy, but no bedbugs) and there are no frills. You even pay for wifi, but $10 for 24 hours of connection is reasonable, especially considering the low cost of the rooms. Hallways tend to be loud at night, but not ridiculously so. You definitely hear every door that closes.  But the rooms are a decent size, warm, and clean. The staff was all very friendly and helpful with everything I needed. There's even a deli attached to the hotel where you can get a good breakfast for less than $5! And with Times Square and the Theatre District only a 5 minute walk away, you'd be crazy not to stay here. Hotel Carter is now my go-to place whenever I travel to NYC.
bubble_30	Ok I was stranded in NYC on the 21st of January 2014 thanks to the snow storm, lucky I found this super basic place that did not require previous reservations and trust me all the other hotels in the area had more than doubled their prices. Cheap very very basic room,very bouncy mattress if you like that sort of thing . I will recommend bath room slippers for the shower.
bubble_40	I stayed at the Hotel Carter for a month (A whole 28 days) and I had a great time. Rooms were a little old but a good size and clean. The bed was comfortable and there no signs of bed bugs. Bathroom was fine, clean and plenty of hot water and I was on the 22 floor. Location was AMAZING. I literally walked every where i wanted to go. Staff were friendly and the concierge ladies were super nice and helpful.  I would definitely stay here again next time I visit New York.
bubble_30	stayed here 6/1/14 thru 13/1/14  after reading reviews here was bit worried about hotel but the service we recieved was just as good as any hotel in NY location spot on for the attractions also we had room1014 ok a bit tired but hey if you want tne ritz go pay there prices this is an honest clean budget hotel ok rooms cleaned every other day but enough towels and face towels left by a very friendly room attendant  if you want a place just to sleep after a hard day seeing the attractions this is place  to stay also there are plenty of restarants and fast food  outlets  close by also the area is quiet safe cannot see whyother people say its seedy felt quite safe any time off day we returned back after beiing out  AND YES WILL USE THIS HOTEL AGAIN WHEN IN THE BIG APPLE
bubble_30	Hotel Carter was exactly what you can expect for a hotel in Times Square. I think one should not expect much if you booking a room from an old building in the heart of New York. Carter is big and old, so it's worn out and has tiny rooms. Hotels in Manhattan are expensive, you'll get more value for your money in most other cities.   Overall I was satisfied. Room was warm and there was always hot water. Most importantly no sign of notorious bed bugs or any other bugs. Room was clean (bathroom was quite worn out but clean), sheets and towels were clean. Cleaning was every other day (which I think is enough) and new towels and soap etc. was brought. No hairdryer in the bathroom. Staff was polite. Not bad experience at all.   Stayed in 11th floor.
bubble_50	sorry for the late review but i must leave it! after reading some bad reviews i decided to take the chance and stay here with my boyfriend and another couple from december 25 - january 1st 2013 because of the price and location. glad we did! location is excellent, secure, room (for 4) simple and not big but comfortable and clean every day! theres also a cafeteria next to the lobby with good prices where we had breakfast every morning. the most important thing to remember here is that "you get what you pay for"! so, for the price, you can't expect a 5 stars... with the experience we had, we felt that we got MORE than what we paid for. if you are looking for luxury, dont stay here. but if you are traveling on a budget and want a clean and secure place to shower and sleep (you
bubble_30	We stayed on this hotel for 6 nights. Reseanable  accommodation, great location and a very cheap fair. What else? What do you need in New York? We needed a safe place to sleep in a good location and this option was unbeatable . We will be back. Do : try to find the housekeeping responsible for your room. With a couple of boxes( 5 US ) I am sure she will take a better care of your room.  Higher rooms are more quite with a better view.
bubble_20	We recently stayed at the Hotel Carter a week before Christmas. We selected the hotel because of its location and because it was almost half the price of other NY hotels in the same location. We travel to NY every year during the holiday season. Because of price, we usually stay away from Times Square. We are not very picky so please know we were expecting no frills and we knew for the price it was going to be bear minimum. However, it was far worse than we expected.  The reservation process was very efficient and easy. The location was fantastic. There is nothing like being in the middle of it (less than a block from Times Square) and be able to go back to your room to warm up, rest, or leave anything you purchase. The price, incredible.  We stayed on the 18th floor. The room
bubble_30	This was my second time staying at this hotel. The staff were exceptional, very helpful, polite and courteous. The room this time was really tiny and there was no hot water in the room during peak showering times. I reported it at the front desk and was told to turn on water in sink same time and it may work. It didn't so they sent maintenance who said the water isn't completely cold and there is nothing they can do unless we decided to have a shower later in the day. The phone in our room didn't work and the tv had a minor problem where the volume would be really loud for a second then go normal again. The bathroom had a really bad damp smell. House keeping is every second day but there was never a problem getting fresh towels for the morning. The hotel is right next to Times
bubble_50	My first trip to New York I needed a bed and a shower EXCELLENT VALUE, POSITION AND CLEANLINESS We were delighted with our stay Yes the carpets and heavily patterened, dark and old. Yes the walls were painted an odd colour but we had 2 double beds that were so welcoming  after a busy day out. Yes its a little tired looking but for what I paid and where I stayed is was superb ! STOP MOANING ABOUT THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT 5 STAR - PAY 5 STAR !
bubble_50	We returned to the carter in oct 2013 after spending 10 nights in oct 2012. Once again the carter was outstanding value for money, check in was fast and friendly and room clean with comfortable beds and great shower in bathroom.The room was cleaned every other day.The location of the carter is amazing and just seconds away from subway which was perfect for getting the A train uptown or downtown. Its a pleasure to stay at the hotel carter and for value and location i would not stay anywhere else when in nyc.We  booked again to go in may and im excited for my 3rd stay in the carter
bubble_20	I stay in this Hotel every time Im in NY. 3 times now. The rooms are small but clean. The stuff is helpful.  And the location, 2 min walk to Time Squere, is great. Best what you can get in NY for this budget price.
bubble_40	The hotel is right in the heart of NY, couldnt be better! The room is okej for the price. I would defently go there again. I dont understand how people can say its scary?    Do they expect a luxury hotel for this price??
bubble_30	As a mature woman traveller, my first priority is my safety.....I felt totally safe here.....this is a budget hotel so don't expect 5 star... In saying that I was very happy with my room, old fashioned and small....plenty of cupboard space, clean towels, even though they are small, housekeeping is always ready to give you more...freezing condition in NYC and such a relief to get back to a warm and cosy room.... There is a cafe down stairs, if you like a wine, don't buy it there, go to a wine bar and save yourself at least 50%....plenty of places to eat and 2 mins from Times Square....I would have no hesitation in returning... The staff, well staff are staff all over the world, some happy, some grumpy, nothing different no matter what country you are in.... One thing I would like
bubble_10	Stayed in this hotel for two nights in early December 2013.   Bathroom was moldy. Sink & toilet plumbing pipes exposed and wiggling in the wall.  No hot water.  Crusty dirt in the corners, as well a pile of hair.   Made sure to wear sock/shoes at all times as carpet was filthy.  Blankets were stiff and not soft.  Sheets appeared clean (Thank God).  Paint peeling off the walls, fire escape window painted shut.  Lamp did not work.  TV did not work.  All these things are cosmetic and could be fixed with a little effort. Fights broke out in the hallways twice in the night.  Heard police voices after 2nd one.   Lobby filled with sketchy people.  Hotel desk staff barricaded behind counter was very unfriendly and unhelpful.  Made it seem as if it was an imposition to them to ask any
bubble_50	This hotel is excellent it's clean and location is 2nd to none. The staff are pleasant and always happy to help. Don't expect to turn up to this hotel having paid primani and expect Armani.......but this hotel is fab I would choose this hotel every time.....it's New York you just need a clean bed.......well this is your place to choose !!!!!
bubble_50	After reading some less than flattering reviews of the Hotel Carter, I must say I was a little nervous of what to expect. Forget all the bad reviews, this hotel rocks! I shared a twin room (one double bed) with my best friend for 2 weeks in December 2013. Yes, the room was small and the bathroom was too, but we had hot water every day and the bed was comfy. Location was fantastic - you're right in Times Square! Our heating was perfect and rooms were cleaned every second day - but we had access to fresh towels whenever we wanted. Service was great and everyone was friendly and helpful. Wifi was available at a reasonable price, I paid $50 for 10 days access to wifi. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be amongst it all in NYC! Whatever bad reviews you've read, I
bubble_20	Hotel was right at Times Square so that was great. Room was super small. The pipes were leaking and they were covered with plastic bags. I turned on the tap in the sink and it was obviously blocked the water took  forever to go down. Towels were thin and old and threads were all sticking out from them. There was no ice machine in the bulding. No frdige/microwave. No cups. The doors had paint coming off from them. Cracks all over the walls and the room was just very very worn out. The only thing good was the location. Heater did not work. Had a/c only in the room.
bubble_30	Top location! Five minute walk to Times Square and subway station! Interior of room needed a facelift badly but everything was clean, we had lots of space and nice beds. Shower and toilet were ok. Lucky Star Cafe next to the hotel entrance was a nice suprise! Have fun!
bubble_40	I stayed in Hotel Carter for 5 nights ending 31st December. I do not understand the bad reviews it gets on here. Yeah the rooms are small and a little old fashioned but they are clean. The location is amazing literally on Times Square, near the main subway to get you anywhere in New York. I stayed in room 2120 it had the best shower I've ever been in! Now please ignore the bad reviews about the staff as they are all fantastic has bit one bad experience. They are all well mannered, approachable and helpful even when the queues at reception are long they always have a smile for you.  Thanks Hotel Carter for a fantastic stay ... I've promised to come back when my daughter qualifies as a nurse and il be booking in here for sure! Please feel free to message me any questions
bubble_30	cheap and great location, room was clean although quite small, but hey we were not in nyc to stay in our room so it was convenient and good value.  the heat was really too high though, we had to leave the window open even though it was december.
bubble_30	Friend and I stayed    Dec 14-22.  Expected two twins, got two doubles.  Room small, shabby, but not too bad.  For the price we were very happy.  Worse thing was that they were having trouble with one of their hot water heaters.  Took quick showers at first.  Close to everything.  Great small deli downstairs and many within a block or two.  no bugs.  very warm which was great in the 10 degree weather.  I have stayed in NYC at hotels several times and this was about in same level.  Nothing fancy, but clean, good beds, a good place to eat near by, and extremely close to everything.  What else do you need when you are out on the town most of the time.  Will stay there again.
bubble_10	We are in NYC to explore and have fun. We chose this hotel for its location to Times Square for NYE festivities.  Whilst this hotel has a great location to Times Square, please look at other hotels in this area in this price range. Anything around Times Square is a good location as everything is so easy to get to in NYC. I would book hotel carter as a last resort. There are no tissues, tea or coffee facilities or ironing facilities in rooms. Walls are thin. The streets are noisy but that did not bother us. Hello, you're in New York. The towels provided- I actually thought they were hand towels! I would only use these to wipe up a mess on the floor. Surely they can replace and upgrade these. The shower/bath needs a good bleach. Shower curtain was mouldy. We like the size of the
bubble_40	We stayed in the carter hotel for a week 14th Dec to 22nd. The decor was poor and the lobby shabby .  The rooms were serviced 3 times in the week . we didn't come to newyork  to lounge around the hotel . The room was large and warm , we were on the 15 th  floor it was very quiet. The location was fantastic 2 min walk to times square , port authority and access to all subways in walking distance of 5 mins. The value for money was fantastic and we used the extra money we saved on shopping ! There was a lovely deli attached to the hotel great coffee , breakfasts and sandwiches. Going again next year and this is where I'm staying !!
bubble_10	I am sorry to say that this hotel was awful.  Old, dirty, shabby.  Apparently "maintenance" means another coat of paint.  Our window was painted in a half-open position and would therefore neither open nor close.  The room smelled of stale smoke and mildew.  in the lobby the furniture was broken, and we had to use a lockbox behind the desk, which meant that we had to handle our money in front of anyone who might be in the lobby.  very unsettling.  The concierge desk was the opposite of helpful.  We were given incorrect information about the location of the Shubert Theatre (turned out to be one street over, she had us going ten blocks in the opposite direction); incorrect information about the subway location, incorrect information about the taxi fares and about the Rockerfeller
bubble_30	Like old single man's flat - a bit dirty, old-fashion, last renovation many-many years ago. Noisy sometimes, because doors are so thin. Cleaning one time in three days. But all facilities are in the room and the location is a great! You are on the Time Square! You can walk to the Central Park and Empire State Building. Central Station and Public Library are close too.  Staff is friendly, guests are normal too.  Perfect for cheap but exciting trip.
bubble_20	Mainly needed an over night place to stay before leaving on a cruise.  Was very basic and have to say kinda dirty.  The only thing modern in the room was the TV.  First room they gave us was not even clean from the previous occupate.  Room was very cold and no extra blankets.  Glad I was only staying there less than 12 hours.  The only plus was the location.
bubble_50	my husband and i had booked this hotel for Dec 9th-thru Dec 15th.. it was to be our first time to NYC, not to mention we were celebrating our 13th wedding anniversary the day we arrived. after reading some reviews here i must say i was a bit hesitant.. but after talking to Dris i was very surprised with our room and stay.  IT WAS AWESOME!!  ... our room was perfect with a walk out balcony over looking the front of hotel. you could see time square from there. it was up high, and just perfect. we had a wonderful vacation in NYC, and it was all due to Dris and the wonderful staff at hotel carter.   thank you so much for our magical experience, and we are looking forward to staying with you same time next year too.. i only hope we can reserve the same room!!
bubble_30	It's located in the heart of time square, beside the lion king musical show. The rooms are old, but the worst is the attendance by the hotel receptionists. Regarding that everyone spend whole time out the hotel, it doesn't become important.
bubble_40	Right next to times square and really close to 5th Ave also all main subways accessble using metro card jfk easily got to and from only negative was very noisy from the road on 42 lots of heavy truck movement and horns nearly 24 hours a day other than that cant fault it at the price 300 each for 7 nights 4 double beds for 3 of us en suite and two double a joining rooms :)
bubble_10	i stayed at hotel carter on December 14th to the 15th after reading all the horrible reviews.  well i must say it was terrible.  the room was dirty with trash and other peoples dirty socks on the window sill.  both beds  had no comforter or blanket.  one bed had no fitted sheet.  the lamp didn't work .  the icing on the cake was a bug i found on my boot when we were getting ready to leave.  i then went to the front desk and spoke to Vicki who was very rude and disrespectful and thought it was funny to find trash and a bug in the room.  2 days later i spoke to Erwin the general manager of the hotel and he told me that customer service is very low on the priority list. The whole experience was horrible and i urge anyone to pay more money and stay else where
bubble_40	this Hotel is older but if  you are looking for a reasonable place to lay your head, this is good. It  was clean, rooms are small but the location is 1/2 block from Times Square and parking is right next door.   I will stay again, just keep in mind that your bed choices are limite dto double and two doubles. This is due to the age of hotel and size of the rooms.  We sent the day out and about and were only there to sleep and shower.  Can't beat the price.  Also the pizza place across the street was very good for a late night slice.
bubble_40	Perfectly located, my boyfriend and I were able to do all of what we wanted - see Christmas decorations and do some shopping! We got to the hotel at around 10:30 on Sunday and went to see if we could check in early, they were able to get us a room for 1pm which wasnt too bad. We stayd in room 1935; was small but in a cozy way and clean which is all we wanted/needed! As we were checking in a girl was complaining that she tried to shower and barely had any hot water but we did not have that problem at all! Water was actually very hot! There was no hair dryer in the room but I bring my own anyways. We did bring our blankets because of reviews that we had read about blankets being dirty but did not need our blankets at all. Overall, we went to the hotel thinking it was going to be
bubble_20	The hotel is well localizated, right next to times square. But the room is not that good. The bathroom was dirty, with used soap and shampoo on the tub. They dont do service room during your stay on the hotel.  It worthed just because of the localization, very close to metro station.  But i think there are other hotels with the same price but better.
bubble_40	Have just come back from a week here. It isn't your top class hotel but you are 30 secs from time square the room was clean and comfortable. You can see they are doing it up we had a flat screen tv (mentioned as people seem to think this is important) room was cleaned every other day, towels not large but clean and u can dry yourself. Water hotter first thing than a bit later. We went to NYC to see it all so this hotel is perfect if u can look past decor etc. it is old looking and in a time warp but people are friendly and will assist if they can. See NYC and just have time to sleep in a city that doesn't at the price this gives. I will stay here again obviously if this refurbs to what some people expect the price will.
bubble_20	Cons:  No hot water, dirty carpet. I thought I just needed a place to sleep; NYC right? Just felt dirty. Found bugs (not bed bugs) in the sheets. Hair dryers don't work, ask for replacement at front desk. Smoke detector batteries were low, continuous beeping. Had to relocate. Second room bathroom door would not shut. $40 more was a nicer hotel one block away - should have been a consideration. Would not arrange cab pick up. Concierge was not helpful. Beds had sink holes and leaned.   Pros:  Noise was not an issue at this Times Square location. I liked the idea of having to show a room key to enter the lobby area. Lucky Star diner saved my life at breakfast. Convenient location to shows and area attractions. Front desk personnel were wonderful and accommodating.
bubble_20	This hotel is 'in' Times Square, no better position for sight seeing. Yes it is basic. We did change our room as the first was poor. We ended in room 1804. This was acceptable. We slept in a CLEAN bed. Bathroom clean. Dcor very tired. But my request to move was dealt with immediately. Gabriel on the front desk was beyond fantastic. Nothing was too much trouble. He bent over backwards and was so polite, helpful, and pleasant. He was the star of the hotel. We arrived 9.12.13 the hotel was lovely and warm, snow had fallen the evening before. Water was very hot in the shower. The price paid for the hotel was very cheap so do not expect the Hilton. This hotel is great for being at the heart of everything. I would stay again. And I hope Gabriel is still about making guests welcome.
bubble_10	A friend and I were in town for a conference and stayed at Hotel Carter because of the convenience.  We had a few places in consideration, but booked based on pricing ($200/night).  After all, it's just to sleep, right!???  I wish I would have splurged for another hotel (and I'm not one to be too picky...I've slept in hostels, airports, etc.).    I think we were provided with an older room, but regardless, it was a terrible experience.  One of the locks was broken on our door, which was discouraging considering our long walk down the Shining like corridor to our room.  The room looked dirty and I questioned the cleanliness.  We had no view (whatever...no big deal), and a television straight from the early 90s.    We immediately checked for bed bugs, and thankfully, didn't find
bubble_50	We stayed at this hotel for 4nights, room ok ,we just needed some where to lay our head each evening , showers were hot,room was clean, We chose this hotel for its location not the decor,  Everything is within walking distance  I would recommend to any body visiting new York
bubble_50	I recently stayed at hotel carter during the Black Friday weekend/week and for the price it was amazing!!! I paid 550 for me and my mum to go and booked it without looking at the reviews as the location was amazing!! As this was my first trip to NYC, I was terrified to think where we was staying after reading the reviews. When we got there, the receptionist was really helpful and nice. I asked for a renovated room and she gave me one! The bed was comfy and big!!! The rom was small but it was only to get our heads down and keep our shopping there!!! It was clean and we asked the cleaners for cleans towels in exchange for our used ones and they were extremely helpful!! Every 2 days they came and changed our beds for us!! For the price I paid it was extremely good and I would
bubble_30	I paid $119 a night for a 2 double bed room plus tax. I found the hotel sight to be cheaper then hotels.com and both sites allow cancellations 24 hours in advance. The hotel is 1/2 a block West of Broadway on 43rd street. It's an old hotel (damaged baseboards here and there, patched walls...etc) the beds and pillows were comfortable. Like any NYC hotel room, you can hear sirens and garbage trucks early in the am so if you are a light sleeper you might want ear plugs or sleeping pills. The room and lobby were clean and safe. We left the hotel in the morning and didn't come back until after our play so we literally only slept in the room and it was in a GREAT location for Times Square activities. I was traveling with my mom and didn't want to take a subway at night after our
bubble_10	Hotel was disgusting. do not stay here. manager told us he wouldnt stay here!!!!! mold all over the bathroom and hair in the shower. when we arrived the room was 90 degrees the air was inop. Yes I said a/c in december. I guess they cant control th heat. what a joke
bubble_20	You are here to know the city not stay at the hotel. Excellent location with a clean room, hot shower and corridors from 'The Shining' :)  However charge 5$/2 hours for internet nowadays is inacceptable, is easy to find any starbucks with free wifi next to the hotel
bubble_30	I stayed on the 17th floor in September with 2 others.  Honestly, I had seen other people's reviews and was terrified about staying here. When I got there the staff were incredibly polite and the  doorman was helpful.  The room was big enough for our needs and clean enough the bathroom wasn't beautiful but it had hot water and a toilet and was clean.  The maids gave plenty of towels.  Yeah it was dated and needed a redecoration but who cares it was clean and the beds were comfy. Your in NYC guys if you want to stay in the hotel 24hrs don't go at all.  Location was 30 seconds from the heart of Times Square and could walk to all the main sites. Lovely pizza place right over the road.
bubble_10	Not much I can say really. It really is worth reading the reviews and going with the best you can afford in New York. We tried to save money and go with the "it's just a room policy", but I wished we hadn't. The room was tiny, bathroom even smaller. Here's a few of the highlights; There's only hot water first thing in the morning. Bath towels are no bigger than a regular hand towel. Mould right through the bathroom walls and seals. Wardrobe had 4 hangers and one shelf, plus a small bedside table (for all the clothes we had with us, really?) Toilet didn't flush so much as macerate and regurgitate.  It's worth paying the extra!
bubble_30	Hotel was very basic and dated - but Clean !! In need of some decorating. Ok,so it wasn't 5*, buyt we didn't pay for 5*. For the price, what a fantastic location, 3 mins walk from Times Square, a few blocks from Macys' department store & Rockafella Centre. What more could you ask for - we spent a mad 5 nights (which included Thanksgiving & Black Friday) and would definatley do it again and in this hotel.
bubble_40	OK so this isn't the most glamorous or luxurious hotel in the City, I was actually petrified after looking at some of these reviews- but it is literally a 60 sec walk from Times Square and the Subway Station. Lots of options for food and drinks around and great place to just drop your bags off after lots of shopping (Macy's is a 10min walk away) or stumble in from the many options of bars. My room had no view whatsoever- a brick wall from one window and other rooms from another window. My closet had no light switch so the light stayed on all night and the closet door did not close at all! Was hilarious after a while, but nothing that a wedge of paper couldn't sort out! lol  I happened to have a comfy queen sized bed, hot running water and clean sheets and no bugs- so, this was
bubble_40	Where can you sleep soundly in a clean room in Manhattan for under $120?  Then consider that Hotel Carter is a block and a half from Times Square! I'd read the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor but when I saw that our old standby the Hilton Garden Inn Times Square was over $400/night the night before Thanksgiving, I decided to give Hotel Carter a try.   When we first walked into Hotel Carter, the clientele reminded me of Let's Go Europe--they looked in their late teens or early twenties. The lobby was spacious and had a desk and concierge as well as a luggage storage room and several employees available to help guests. Aaron was the desk clerk who efficiently and pleasantly checked in half a dozen guests, then us. Our room was on the seventh floor.  The freshly painted room was
bubble_30	Was a little apprehensive getting this hotel after reading all of the negative reviews. However, I have learned that another man's junk is truly another man's treasure...this hotel is actually a treasure for location and value when visting New York on a budget. It is in the heart of the theatre district and of course Times Square. The staff was friendly and helpful...even tho the hotel it self was definitely dated= could stand new carpet, coat of paint and new furniture, it was clean and comfortable. No doubt one of the best values in the city...walking distance of everything...I liked!!
bubble_20	Stayed here after finishing work at a summer camp. The only things important to us really were location which the Carter certainly delivers on being just off of Time Square. We crammed 7 of us into a small 4 person room (should have really been for 2 people, it was tiny), it seems a lot of people do this after camp so I wouldn't advise staying here in August if your looking for somewhere quiet as people were frequently stood out in coridoors etc, which obviously was fine for us (as we were those people) but may not be so desired if your a family. The decor is extremely dated but it's clean and we had no traffic noise from our room. Would happily stay there if I was in this situation again. You really can't go wrong for the price. But I can imagine if your looking for somewhere a
bubble_40	I was so nervous about my visit to this hotel after reading the reviews on here....now having stayed in Hotel Carter for 5 nights I feel  silly for having worried so much!   Yes on arrival the reception is ran down and old fashioned, but it's a one star hotel so I expected it to be dated. We stayed on the sixth floor, a twin room (in one of the newly renovated rooms, be sure to ask for one of these). The room was a nice size, recent renovation works saw that the room was freshly painted, with new mattresses on the beds, and a newly tiled floor in the bathroom. The bed linen and towels were clean, crisp and white. The room also had a flat screen TV. I have to say the room was very clean ( trust me I came armed to inspect every inch of the room for bugs and dirt) I found none! The
bubble_50	The location is perfect - 2 minutes walk away from Times Square. The room was clean and comfortable and was cleaned every other day and fresh towels given. It looks dated but who goes to New York to spend time in the room?  We rented a safety deposit box for $5 per day, these are located behind reception. You can also pay for wifi (we didn't do this but there were 2 occasions during our 5 day stay where we somehow managed to get on for free - just keep trying your luck).  On the morning we left, reception gave us a wake up call on request and booked us a taxi to take us to the airport. They are really friendly and helpful.  Would definitely stay here again.
bubble_40	Just returned home from staying at the Carter Hotel in New York, and was very pleased.  We were more than a little concerned after reading all the negative reviews, but wanted to stay in Times Square and it was the only good deal I could find.  Location was amazing, staff super friendly and helpful, our room was very quiet, and cleaned with fresh linens and towels every second day.  Our king size bed was new and we never saw a bug of any kind, overall the room was small but suitable for two people. With the money we saved we went to a show every night.  Will stay at the Carter next time I'm in New York.
bubble_40	I booked this hotel before I google it and saw their "wiki" page. After I read that and some other reviews, I was terrified. My wife and I both work in the housing industry and know what a nightmare bed bugs can be. I looked further into it and my mind was put at some ease by the recent reviews which painted a picture of a hotel that is fighting to resurrect itself from the abyss. We decided to roll the dice and keep our reservation. REMEMBER... you can change your reservation, stay farther away, pay a ton more... and STILL find your room crawling with bugs. (bed bugs don't discriminate. they are in ALL forms of hotel, movie theater, church, bus, etc.) Boy, were we delighted we did. We had booked 2 rooms because we were traveling with 3 teenagers. We arrived 5 hours before
bubble_50	I booked this hotel well in advance online. I read previous reviews and was so nervous about our stay, however, the location looked great, so I was willing to grin and bare it. We booked to stay for two weeks. We were put in a room on the 20th floor.   The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was small, but equally as clean and much to our surprise we had a balcony overlooking Times Square. Housekeeping came by every 2-3 days to clean the room and that suited us fine.   Wireless is available throughout the hotel, however, you have to either buy it online or buy a card downstairs from the vending machine depending on how many days you would like it.  The location is so central to everything! To the right of the entrance- Times Square to Fifth & Madison Avenue etc - To the
bubble_10	we got what was perhaps the most awful room in the hotel it was our first visit to this hotel and it seems that  the management does not believe in fidelizing customers as it was dirty, the bathroom impossible..a hair pin was lying in the floor all the time we were there and the lavatory was not working at all something had obstructed the flow..nobody paid atention to our request..awful and dangerous hygiene perhaps some travelers had more luck and got better rooms...besides the maids don not work all days,,,  un like Mac Arthur said..we shall NOt return NY is too much of a city to spoil your visit in such a terrible place
bubble_40	I have to admit I was terrified after reading the reviews about this hotel...terrified. I searched and searched for a hotel that could compare price and location wise to the Hotel Carter, there just wasn't anything even close. (This hotel is SO CLOSE to everything, right around the corner from Times Square) I was determined not to let it ruin our trip and thank heavens, it didn't. We were SO SURPRISED when we got there. We stayed on the 17th floor and we had a great room. We stayed for a week and housekeeping came every other day and did a very thorough job cleaning our room. Our room was clean, no bed bugs, no noises or sketchy people lurking :) The top of the shower did have a bit of mold but we wore flip flops and showered quickly so it didn't matter anyway. Unlike other
bubble_30	Before the business trip happened in Toronto, my work colleague mentioned that she wanted to visit NYC. I was also sched to go there to be with my sister and closefriend from college who will fly from Alberta, CN.  We were looking for a hotel to stay. We even browsed on Apartments to save money. One owner of the apartment mentioned that New York Marathon was upcoming so we might have slim chances of getting one.  My colleague told me she will be the one to book for us while I was busy looking a place for me, my sis and my friend.  Few days of hardwork, I ran into Hotel Carter through a booking site. Of all, Hotel Carter has the cheapest rate with great location in Timesquare. Afraid to lose the chance of getting the room because of the prestigious Marathon, we booked it
bubble_10	Carter is the hotel in the right place at one of the cheapest rates, if not the cheapest. However, the whole building screams for maintenance. The room I stayed was hard to stay (to be nice with words). The paint on the walls is falling, there's mildew at some places, the bathroom misses some tiles and the tub was stained. The cleaning ladies come every other day and they just clean the areas they can see, so expect to find some old trash under the beds or tables. I don't recommend staying here, unless you don't mind staying at a crappy place just to save money on lodging.
bubble_40	I stayed at Hotel Carter on 11/16 and overall walked away thinking it was good value for money based on location. It was clean, comfortable, safe, affordable and close to Times Square which is what I was looking for. The only thing I'd recommend to management is to put a sign on the freight elevator for half asleep customers that haven't had their coffee yet and wandered the wrong way down the hall - I may know someone in that category. :) It was a good cheap option in the heart of NYC but anyone staying there needs to temper expectations given the price.
bubble_50	Stay at Hotel Carter at 250 W. 43rd St. in NYC on your next trip to the Big Apple and you'll be pleasantly surprised.  We took a chance on booking this hotel as we did not have much money to spend on a hotel.  And let's face it, when you're in NYC you're only staying in the hotel to sleep and take a shower.  You want to spend your money on good food and great entertainment.  We were extremely satisfied with this hotel.  We were initially shown a very small room but we were staying for five days and knew we wouldn't make it in this room.  We asked for a larger, newly renovated room and we were shown a large, clean, comfortable room with a great bathroom and a great view.  Very comfortable bed. Not the most up to date furnishings but wide screen TV and window air conditioner in
bubble_20	This hotel has a superb location,,,but that's about it.  Creepy room and outdated stuff all over.  Just 200mts. away from the vibrant Times Square.  Surrounded by tourists all over and nice restaurants, pizza places, Duane Reade, clothing stores are all within walking distance.  I paid $:175/- a night which was pricey considering others get it for $:125/- but then again this is NYC,,,so prices are based to what u get at the time of booking.  I did my booking online Aug'13 1st. week. No free Wi-Fi which I thought come on,,,isn't this NYC,,,but cheap hotel so cheap traits.  You pay for everything,,,and that chinky reception girl needs a shake up if you need to get her to smile.  Everything is available just outside the hotel,,,so just use the hotel for your base to keep your bags
bubble_40	Hotel close to Times Square, renovated not long time ago. Both backpackers and family people there. Not a luxury place, but cheap compared to most of the hotels, and an all right place to stay. Will stay there next time I'll visit N.Y.C!  We were staying there in june 2012, not in 2013,( impossible to coose 2012 below)
bubble_30	We stayed in Hotel Carter in February on the coldest day of the year.   Let's look at the positives:  1. It's located in Times Square surrounded by nice restaurants, the subway, cheap pizza places, 24 Duane Reade, McDonalds, a few musuems, clothing stores, Sanrio and other fun places.  2. Hotel Carter is cheap. I was able to book my room on the same week that I was traveling. I got the room for $125 a night.   3. The hotel is really quite and I got a decent nights sleep.  4. My rooms was clean.  5. A walk in closet.  The negatives  1. No hot water. Not even warm water. I had plenty of cold water, more than enough again on the coldest day of the year. I could not get warm by taking a shower.   I'm not sure if I got a crappy room because I had a toddler. Maybe they thought my
bubble_40	I stayed for 7nts from 11Nov and from the minute I checked in, Driss from reception had a welcome smile, got me a great room and whenever passing by reception he always had a beatiful smile to all hotel guests, this is customer service at highest level! The hotel offers a great accomodation for the value of money paid, if you want to save your money on a clean room and spend the rest on tours, dining or shopping, Carter hotel NY in my opinion is the answer!
bubble_10	I had to run errands very quickly in NYC and chose a hotel simply by price for one night. In terms of price, you can't beat it -- right in Times Square and around loads of tourist-y activities -- but the rooms were just terrible and dilapidated. My room was dirty, paint chipped everywhere and smelled awful. I was too frightened to turn off the lights. The bathroom was dirty, with dust and dirt everywhere on the floor and in the corners.   Really, I would hardly consider this a hotel -- more like a hostel.   The fact that the internet is 10$ is quite absurd. In this day and age, I feel as though wi-fi should be free/included in the price of the room.   But, really, this place is great if you only decide to sleep and not spend any time in the hotel. It's dirty and I am pretty sure
bubble_30	I came to new york with my husband for the first time in October feeling a little apprehensive after reading some awful reviews about this place, we had already booked and thought we were getting a great deal for our location compared to other hotels nearby and guess what...we did! Look, if you want the ritz,stay there, if you want 5 star luxury, then pay for it! We arrived to a friendly enough reception, got our key to our room early, had a great view! Ok the rooms are dated but our bed was clean and after travelling from the UK I was more than happy with the hot shower we both had, , we went straight out to do what you are supposed to do when you visit this electric city,did everything we wanted to do and arrived back absolutely shattered, slept like logs with no sign of these
bubble_20	The hotel is old, the rooms are small and they are not cleaned everyday, so you get the whole idea that the hotel is not very clean. Besides, the towels are very thin and, since the room is not cleaned everyday, you have to get your own clean towels at the reception if you need dry towels everyday. But the hotel is quite inexpensive, considering Manhattan standards. And it is very well located, right on the theater district. Also, I have stayed at other hotels at the same area and they were more expensive and not so much more comfortable. So, if you can't afford a five star, I recommend the Carter.
bubble_30	After reading the reviews here I was a bit hesitant while booking the hotel. But Manhattan is costly and this was the best deal we could get.   We stayed at Hotel Carter for two nights. We were on the 15th floor. The room was small with two double beds and there was a closet space for clothes. The bathroom was also small but was clean. Hot water is available all day but takes around 15 mins or so to start. The room had a peculiar smell, i wish i was carrying a room freshener. Most of the time we were out of the hotel so these petty issues hardly mattered.  The best thing about Carter is it's location. It is just 2 mins walk from Times Square and subway station. Lots of eateries and restaurants around. You have a Walgreens nearby.  If you are a budget traveller wanting to explore
bubble_40	I found when I was looking for hotels in NYC that they were so expensive. When I stumbled across Hotel Carter and read the reviews I was a little uncertain what to find. So okay, the decor is a bit outdated and the place is a little out of fashion. But..its clean, the staff are friendly, the bed is comfy, the bathroom is clean and the water is hot. I even had an air conditioning unit which worked fine and a TV! The hotel is more than sufficient and the location is superb. A stones throw away from times square, central park, the empire state building and the rockafella centre are all within walking distance too. I haven't got much of a view out of my window, but it's New York...its a concrete jungle, whatever hotel you stay in your more than likely only going to see the building
bubble_30	My husband and I were here for 4 days Oct 27th - 30th.  The lobby is OK. Our room was perfectly small with a closet and the bathroom. Everything was clean. Firm bed, 3 thin pillows - but that was fine.  We read the reviews and chose this based on price and location. You honestly can't beat it.  We discussed that it was more like an "adult hostel" with the prepaid internet cards and everything.  Lots of international travelers stayed here.   Clean, Simple, but the Location and Price is the reason to choose this place.  We booked a shuttle back to LGA with their concierge desk - very helpful!
bubble_40	We stayed in Hotel Carter for 2 nights 16th and 17th Oct 2013 (after the Columbus day weekend). Apart from the price, the only other best thing about Hotel Carter is its location. It is just 1 block away from Times Square. And that was the only reason we decided to book this hotel. We wanted to be in the Times Square late in the night. Plus the adventure of staying in supposedly the worst hotel in usa. I think that prepared us well as we had very less expectations in the first place. We got a room on 16th floor, it had 2 queen beds - one we used for sleeping and the other to keep our luggage! The sheets were clean, the A/c was also working fine. Noise was not much of a problem. The toilet/bath were clean too. No free wifi in the hotel but Times Square had one (though it was
bubble_30	Would you expect a 5 stars paying $100 for three in a room? You get what you pay. Actually, my room was one of the newest, with LCD screens e comfortable bed. BUT, as everybody says, it remains the dirty, as I saw some very small spiders and there was some trash under the beds (water bottles, plastic and so on). Even though, it was a very nice experience, since we were very happy because of the price and location. Would come back ONLY if I don't have valuables in my baggage, since we were afraid of robbering, in this case it will be a nice stay.
bubble_40	This hotel has a great location! I recommend to everybody who wants to stay near of Times Square and Broadway for a low price! It has a subway station near! The rooms are not excellent, but who go to NYC for stay on the room?! Anyway, this is a good hotel!
bubble_40	Hotel Carter -  Hotel was clean and tidy. Beds were comfortable and staff were friendly, couldn't ask for anything more for the price and probably the closest hotel to Times Square without actually being on it. For the minimal time you are likely to spend in the hotel, this hotel is perfect.
bubble_50	Me and my friend stayed there for 2 nights and it was perfect! The location is great and for a city like New York you should respect that! Room was clean. nothing fancy but who cares, prises were very reasonable, after all you want to save money on hotel so you can spend it on the city!! Everybody was realy helpful, only didn't like it that i had to pay for wifi but i didn't stay that much in the room so wasn't that much of a problem!! Realy enjoyed my stay and will stay again if i find myself in New York!!
bubble_20	$100 a nyt in the most central part of manhattan......can't beat the price. it's a unique place to see the least. wall's with carpet on them, one floor with glass wall's, ceiling's(god know's what that floor was used for). the room's are stuck in the 80's, probaly full of asbestos. found a needle in a room with the tv on and a pillow still propped up but still it's nyc and all part of it. great place to stay if u wanna get drunk with your friends and not care abt noise.......some halls remind of the film the shining.......lifts sometimes worked,card for door sometimes worked.....
bubble_40	Took the subway in; was so surprise how easy and close it was from hotel.  From JFK take Airtran to Jamica Station then get subway E, get off on 42 nd Street.  Exit out of 8th Ave and 43rd Street.  It only cost us 7.50 per person, we also took the subway back to JFK as well at 4am, felt safe both times.  I was little nervous due to the reviews I read, so I brought lysol, my sheets and towels.  Vicky at the front desk was kind and funny.  I did ask for a remodeled room and she stated all the rooms were remodeled.  when I walked in it does not look remodeled, I did get the box tv with 3 channels, the a/c did work, the bathroom sink did look like it was going to fall off if you lean on it, bathtub did not look very clean.  We did store our luggage which is 3 dollar each.  the deli
bubble_50	I booked this hotel for mine and my boyfriends first trip to New York. We wanted something cheap as we wanted as much money we could save to enjoy our trip. After reading some of the reviews on this I was a bit nervous about staying here but I am so surprised at the reviews people have given after my stay here! I could not have asked for a better hotel to stay in. The room was clean and a cleaner came in every 2 days which was more than enough! The bed was huge and so comfy, just what you needed after a day of sightseeing! No sign of bedbugs or any other nasties. The location of the hotel was amazing, especially for the price of the room, right in the middle of everything! Fair enough, it may be a little dated but I felt it added to the whole experience and why would you want to
bubble_40	Great hotel for the convention. Room was small but clean and functional. Great price as well. Friendly service. Our second time here and will be coming there again in 2014. The deli upgraded as well and the food is very good. I do wish the pillows were alittle more comfortable but that's the only thing.
bubble_40	$100/day (booked 9 months before arriving) is a great price-quality option located in the heart of the city this is THE budget hotel of NYC dont expect great customer service, the clerk charged me $12 for keeping 4 pieces of luggage until check-in (3 hours) but, on the other hand they fixed me the bath tub right after I reported it the room is cleaned every 2 days which is fine for me for that price no breakfast great if you are looking an unexpensive hotel in NY
bubble_50	I just wanted to add my comments regarding the Hotel Carter in New York.  My mom and I stay here whenever we travel to N.Y. for a vacation, and we are ALWAYS  impressed with the wonderful, friendly service we get from the incredible staff.  Number ONE on our list is the hotel manager, Driss.  It is ALWAYS such a pleasure to see his smiling face when we walk in the door to check in.  He is extremely accommodating each and every time we stay there, and he makes us feel like VIP's!!!  His staff at the hotel are also very sweet and are always accommodating as well.  My mom and I thank you for another wonderful "Hotel Carter experience"!  We really appreciate your great service and we will be back SOON!!!!  All our best! Robin and Lorraine
bubble_30	We were looking for something affordable & close to Times Square & the hop on off buses.  This has all that.  It is old but clean.  No restaurant or ice bucket but a deli next door. Has AC & small fridge. No safe in room but can rent one at the front desk. WIFI for a price. Bag storage if you arrive early.Stashed our bags & spent the afternoon sightseeing. You can see the remnants of a grander time. Reminded us of another hotel in Barcelona this summer. A tired old lady but clean & doable. Staff was friendly & courteous. They did check key cards as we got on the elevator.  We felt safe every where we went.  The Westin was a few doors down.  We plan to use this hotel on future visits.  Who needs high prices when this place meets basic needs.
bubble_20	Old destroyed hotel...Unclean sheets, ugly ACs, horrible bathrooms...but when it comes to location, it is more than perfect...right in the middle of times square and prices are quite cheap...I would not go there again but if u want to stay for cheap prices inside times square this is ur choice
bubble_30	The hotel is less than 5 minutes away from Times Square. So I don't think anyone could complain about its location. The rooms however were somewhat filthy. I've stayed in a lot of motels throughout the US, with much higher hygiene levels. The floors were dirty and the bathtub stained. Yet, in spite of the hotel's relatively low hygiene levels, I may still chose to stay there again due to its superior location
bubble_50	I visit New York every year and have stayed at the Hotel Carter for 4 consecutive years! You could not get a better location, right in Times Square and it is an affordable price! The rooms are average, however the past 2 years they have been renovating each floor and there is a significant change. It is not the best 'quality' hotel, for instance if you are looking for a 5 star hotel with top notch service maybe you should look at paying 4x the price of the Cater - but it does have absolutely everything you need! Check in can be a little slow but we have never had any problems with it. I will continue to stay at the Hotel Carter each year as you really cannot get better value for money!
bubble_10	Being honest is going to sound brutal, but I wouldn't stay there again, if they offered me the room for free. What I saw of the Hotel Carter was a building in terminal decline. Lashings of fresh paint could not hide the bad woodwork and underlying rust on the radiator. There was nothing to hide the shabby curtains. The furniture in the room was basic and looked 'second hand'. There was no chair to sit on and the electric plug on the bedside lamp was missing. The bedroom carpet was only fit for the dump. It was frayed at the edges, there were blobs of blackened chewing gum and it was so dirty that I have walked on cleaner sidewalks / pavements!  We only endured one night, but at no time were we able to draw hot water. The initial cold blast from the shower had me screaming. There
bubble_40	We paid $560 AUD for 4 nights for 3 people. The location of this hotel is fantastic, the towels and sheets were clean and the shower pressure etc was great. Our hair dryer did not work but I didn't bother reporting it. Our Flat screen TV worked great.  The foyer was always full of people and our luggage could be left $3 a bag so long as it was locked. I would definitely stay here again, the amount of time spent in the room is minimal, we were on the 6th floor and faced the road, we slept with the window open and the outside noise did not worry us. The airconditioner also worked well. We had minimal contact with staff and found them polite but maybe could be a little friendlier. Definitely  the place to stay if you aren't a fancy traveller and like prime location.
bubble_40	I have stayed in this hotel before and going back next week. Was absolutely satisfied with the room and the service. Do not expect luxury, but the rooms are basic but clean and had all the comfort we needed. When we stayed here the first time we were recommended to ask for a renovated room and that is what we got. So hopefully we will have this next week aswell. The staff was friendly and willing to help and the location is absolutely perfect. I definetely recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	The location of this hotel is too good for people who want to stay in manhattan. Everything is around including Hop On Hop Off Tour Buses starting and end points. But rooms were too small (I didnt mind it provided I got best location I can ask for that price)
bubble_40	This hotel is cheap so we didn't expect much. It ended up to be not as bad as I thought. After reading some of the other reviews I was pretty worried about staying there but it really isn't too bad. The room was very dated/old fashioned but the sheets and towels were all clean. We spent every day out sight seeing and shopping so dated furniture and carpets really didn't bother us.  The location was great, it's 5 mins from the heart of Times Square so perfect to drop of shopping bags etc.  If your looking for a 5 star hotel & don't mind paying the price for it, don't stay here. But if your looking for a cheap hotel with a great location this hotel does the job. If I came to NYC again I would stay here.
bubble_30	We booked two rooms at The Carter in August. Having read a lot of reviews we were a little apprehensive but thought we'd chance it. The rooms are small and old but clean. Could definitely do with a make over but again ... shabby but clean. What more do you really need in NYC? Clean room, sheets, bathroom. The location is absolutely perfect. There is someone at the FrontDesk at all times and a guard in the hall. If you want to use the elevator, you need to present your room key. Feels safe.
bubble_10	The worst hotel I ever been to, EVER. At arrival they asked to copy my credit card, and as I paid online already, I had to say ok. The Rooms are very small and very discusting, you can see old pipes on the wall. Someone should report NYPD and tourism ministry about this hotel.
bubble_20	The location for this hotel was amazing especially for the price but......the room was on the 8th floor and soooo dated. We had one room with two beds and there was hardly any space. One of the mattresses had 4 spring poking out but the bedding was clean. The bathroom was clean but had mould on all the walls and the rooms were cleaned every other day. The door to our room stuck so we had to kick it open but the hotel was very busy and since we were not going to spend to much time in the room i didn't see the point in complaining and i had also read the reviews which warned me that it was not going to be luxury. There was no view but this i didn't mind and the lifts were ran quite well. Hotel staff i found very friendly and helpful but i must warn that wifi was about 30 for the
bubble_50	As a solo male traveller, this place is perfect for a budget journey, ($99 per night), with the added advantage that the location is amazing. Bang on Times Square! Any other place would be double or more the price for this location. Okay, is not a five star sort of place, but if you intend to spend your time inside your room, then why go to NYC? The rooms are ancient, clean and spacious. The concept of hot water is a theoretical idea, but if you want an authentic 1950`s feel, the Hotel Carter is for you! I stayed there twice for two nights each time, in May and June 2012. Surprisingly quite. I stayed on the seventh floor both times. I will definitely stay again next time I`m in NYC.
bubble_40	Anyone booking this need to be aware this is a budget hotel, not a 5 star one. That said, my experience staying here was above average:-  1) The location was amazing! I could pop back anytime to drop shopping bags, I could stay out as late as 11pm and still felt safe as there were still tons of people milling around Times Square, and there was a theatre a few doors down showing "Spiderman" and I caught a glimpse of the good looking actors as they came out for a meet-and-greet after the show ^.^  2) The person at the tour desk was really helpful and arranged my shuttle ride from the hotel to the airport with no problem.  3) The doorman Luis was a lovely and very helpful chap.  4) I had turned up really early for check-in (6am) yet they managed to put me in a room (yay!) but room
bubble_30	after reading all the bad reviews i was somewhat nervous about my booking at the hotel carter, i was however surprised at the we got. the rooms were clean when we arrived, we stayed on the 21st floor, double room, it was spacious and the bathroom was adequate. the best part about staying at the carter was the location its just a few steps from times square, the only negative thing was that we had to ask for clean towels but the staff was very helpful and accomodating, will def stay here again...great price for a great location!
bubble_20	Location great, price great but so many things wrong with this hotel... Female hotel staff are so unfriendly, verging on rude In a 6 night stay, our room was serviced once Two days with no hot water and no notice given to us about this Bathroom not the cleanest, tiny black flys in the shower box and sink Both me and my husband got bitten a number of times in the night which was not pleasant with it being so hot Once in the shower with the curtain shut, it blocks out the light so you can't see what you are doing Can't alter shower temperature or power, and shower 'cubicle' is tiny, could barely wash my hair No fridge in room Armchair did not have a back cushion and a totally different seat to the base....  ... And this was a supposedly a renovated room  The luggage man was rude
bubble_20	This hotel was horrible. It smelled, had a window air conditioner the was very noisy. The king bed was rock hard the bathroom had mould and just gave a general feeling on being dirty when in the room. After staying here I would pay double to stay anywhere else.
bubble_30	Stayed here for a week to finish off a two month trip around the states. I had picked it primarily for it's location and good price, which neither can be faulted. But you do get what you pay for. The room is basic,and old-fashioned but functional; although in our room they had been a bit ambitious with the furniture choices, which were all too big for the room. The staff cannot be faulted- very friendly and happy to help with whatever you need and happy to have a chat and give tips on the best places to visit. If you just want a cheap place to stay in the heart of the city, then this works as a good base. But if you are someone who likes good style and a bit more luxury, look elsewhere.
bubble_10	I normally don't write reviews but this experience prompted me to share it here.  This was one of worst hotels that I have stayed at.  The room was dark, dingy, and smelled of old cigarettes.  There wasn't even hot water in the shower.  It could have been just the room that they gave me, but I couldn't get very good cell phone reception.  The staff and service were appalling.  On the positive side, the location of the hotel was great, but I would not stay here again.
bubble_40	I booked this hotel over 6 months in advance from staying. I've only ever stayed in 5 * accommodation and I was how honestly terrified about this hotel. I scares myself that much that I was in tears the night before flying. It turns out it was perfectly fine!! The room was huge! The beds creaked but NO SIGN OF BED BUGS! They were clean and although on arrival we did not have enough pillows they were glad to help at the front desk. The AC was very sufficient and actually sometimes a little too strong! The bathroom was very clean and there were no funny smells or stains. The building is very dates and may need a re vamp but the staff were lovely and willing to help and I felt very safe there during my stay. I will definitely stay there again on my next visit! My advise is to ask
bubble_40	Our group of 8 older women had 4 rooms for 4 days, 3 on 11th floor, 1 on 19th. Our rooms were booked for 9 months prior to check-in, the rate was $118 per night for twins. We received two double or queen beds in each room, a clean tiled bathroom, shower or combo, complete with shampoo and bars of soap. Our room had an individual air conditioner, flat screen tv and remote, bedside table between the beds, two pillows on each bed, pillow top beds, clean sheets and pillowcases, blankets and telephone. There was no bedside lamp. We ate at the Lucky Star restaurant off the lobby of the hotel for breakfast twice, felt safe with all the police around Times Square area which is only a half block away.  No one heard any noise from the street or from other rooms. Our group went to France
bubble_30	If you are looking for luxury then this is not the Hotel for you, the decor is very dated, but saying that it was clean and in the heart of times square.  The staff were very pleasant and if you are on a budget as we were then I would give it a go.  I would definately go back there.  It was our first trip to New York and we loved it.
bubble_30	Well, it wasn't quite the horror movie set that I'd pictured when I booked this hotel, but that's about it. I booked this hotel for myself and three friends on a tight budget and knowing we weren't going to be getting a heck of a lot for our buck but a good location. I was right.  The place, while clean, was old. Very old, very outdated and in need of a great overhaul. The hallway reeked, the elevators were a bit funny. We actually went and purchased some items from Walgreens and disinfected the entire bathroom upon arriving and seeing it. Couldn't get rid of the nasty odour that was coming out of the bathroom sink drain that made it hard to brush our teeth without gagging. However, once cleaned, the shower had good water pressure. The mold on the bathroom walls was quite off
bubble_10	GREAT LOCATION, but the rooms are dirty and dusty.we had to change rooms when we got there because the room was that dirty,  dull and terrible and also the noise was terrible from big fans out side the back of the hotel..the second room was not much better but we stayed.came home with a few bug bites as well.
bubble_40	We stayed at the Hotel Carter for 8 nights in September 2013. The location is fantastic. Our room was on the 16th floor. Our room was large and tidy with a flatscreen TV and with working air-con. The bed was massive and very comfortable. The bathroom was clean and fully working. The room was serviced 6 times during our stay with clean towels and sheets provided on each occasion. I found this hotel to be of a similar standard as the Hotel Edison & the pre-renovated Milford Plaza. I would stay here again.
bubble_20	My company booked me a room here for the week on ACCIDENT.  It was en route to the hotel that I learned that the Carter was voted the DIRTIEST HOTEL IN THE US for 4 straight year.  (Google it...I'm not making this stuff up)  My check in was handled by a young lady that had a difficult time paying attention to me.  I would attempt to ask her questions, and she literally looked at me as if I were a nuisance.  Not ALL of the front desk staff was as rude and inept as she is, but hey...SHE WAS DOING **ME** A FAVOR BY BEING THERE.  When I went to my room to drop off my luggage, as soon as I stepped off the elevator on the 24th floor, you notice a very large broken window.  Nice touch!  Once at my room, I was treated to a room that hadn't seen a makeover since Nixon was in the White
bubble_40	At one block of times square This is the maine offer of this hotel . Services in the room minimum , no water , no ice ,no free wifi or computer but You get for what You paid , clean beds in very good rate by day , don`t expect more than that . You want someone to help You in reception look for the latinos they will.
bubble_40	This is the second year in a row that my family and I spent part of our vacation in NYC and the best value for money when it comes to hotels in NY is the Hotel Carter. The location is the best, for those who don't know the place, it is half block walking from Times Square. Walk another block and you have a full small supermarket/drugstore called Duane Reade where you can find whatever you need for the basic needs of your trip, if that is not enough there is one Walgreens which is a full supermarket in Times Square. There is a very good and affordable italian restaurant just across the street. On this trip we noticed a lot of families and young couples on the hotel, so it has a great ambiance. I believe everyone was looking for the same great deal.  To be honest this time a had a
bubble_40	Just returned from another happy stay at the Carter. Honestly guys this is a bargain on Times Square waiting to be snapped up. In its heyday this place would have been a palace, and although it's rather rundown now it has everything we could want - particularly as most of our time is spent exploring the city. A good hot/cold shower; effective AC; wifi, stunning views of the city and the windows open! (we always ask for a high floor); TV...etc etc. Our rooms have always been not spotless but pretty clean and have been serviced most days. The cafe next door is a little more expensive than some but does good food for bargain "all in" breakfast deals - certainly better deals than the tourist traps around the corner.
bubble_40	My boyfriend and I stayed for 5 nights. We were worried beforehand based on some of the terrible reviews but I have to say that I can't see why it has been rated so poorly. You get what you pay for! We wanted our own bathroom, in a great central location but on a budget. That is what we got with this hotel. Staff were friendly as far as we're concerned, rooms cleaned every two days which is fine with us, shower worked well, bed was huuuge, tv had a good choice of channels, air con was great addition as it was so hot when we went.....yes, the hotel needs updating and it's very basic but when all you need is a place to rest your head then it doesn't really matter! If you're expecting bellboys, room service and fancy interiors then pay more and go elsewhere!  One thing i'll say is
bubble_30	We stayed here for 5 nights, we weren't expecting much for the price we got. We only needed a place to sleep well, leave our things and take a good shower. We got all that. Do not expect to see your room all tide up as soon as u come back, is not that kind of place. Is, as I said, a place to sleep, take a shower and leave your stuff while u are out. That's it! No fancy stuff, just a room.
bubble_10	Myself and my partner booked here we just wanted a clean hotel nothing fancy as we wudnt be in much well thankfully we had friends in Woodlawn were we ended up staying this hotel was that bad we never stayed at all! We arrived an I went into the reception of the hotel to use the toilet well wot can I say at the entrance till the toilet there was a poo lying at the door b4 I even walked into the toilet how it got there I don't even want till know so then headed up till the room an to be greeted by carpeted walls an doors written all over I was horrified so we turned an walked out I know u might not want to pay alot for accomadation but we paid around800 for this I wudnt let me dog sleep here total dump!!!
bubble_30	You know the old saying you get what you pay for,,,,,well this is no Ritz on the Carlton but it wasn't half bad. First of all location was prime. Literally a two minute walk to Times Square. For that reason alone I recommend it. The rooms air conditioning worked fine. There were no bugs whatsoever.  The bed sheets were clean. Now by no means are they pretty or decorated rooms they are very simple in furnishings, A real turnoff was paying to store the suitcase $3 until check in and another $3 when storing suitcase after check out. Bit of a cash grab there.  So simply put nothing special but location can't be beat and reasonable rates.
bubble_30	We booked a week in NYC via Expedia, and booked the Hotel Carter blind.  I checked reviews afterwards and was slightly nervous, given what I read.  However, I need not have worried.  True, the hotel is tired, old and in need of refurbishment.  But, the location is literally 100 yards from Times Square, and at these prices the value and location are amazing.  Our first room, alas, stank.  Literally.  But, the ever-courteous and professional staff changed our room with no fuss whatever, and our subsequent room was a huge improvement.  Unfortunately we were visited by a cockroach (now-deceased) on our last night but as far as unwanted guests were concerned that was it.  Check-in was smooth, as was check-out.  The rooms are very basic, no glasses, no do not disturb signs, but they
bubble_30	We stayed 3 nights and were very nervous due to overall reviews of hotel.  We thought it was great for right at $100/night.  Only gave 3 but would give it a 5 for the value.  We approached employees with questions several times and were always treated politely.  Anyone who pays about $100/night for this location and complains about it being old and not taken care of is an idiot.  We wanted a place in a great location with a bed and shower and got what we paid for and would stay here again.
bubble_30	We stayed 3 nights over Labor Day Weekend.  Like many, after reading the reviews, we were not sure if it would be for us.  Even stepping into the lobby, I was still doubtful.  HOWEVER; I'm so glad we kept our reservation.  We LOVED the location.  It could not have been any better.... so close to Times Square w/ a subway entrance & Police Station right there.  Since it was us four ladies traveling, I was also apprehension about the "Cheetah Club" being right next to our hotel.  I wasn't too happy about that, but I really did feel safe in our hotel.  Every time we would go to reenter the hotel, the concierge would ask for our hotel key.  I felt really great about that!   The room was dated & small, but very clean.  The hotel staff was EXTREMELY friendly.  The bell hop met us at
bubble_40	My wife and I stayed at the Carter for three nights and after reading some of the reviews about the hotel we became apprehensive. However, our fears were dispelled upon arrival. The staff were helpful, the room was clean and the linen was changed every day. Granted, this is a budget hotel and for $100 per night we didn't expect luxury. The best thing about Hotel Carter is its fantastic location just 100 yards from Times Square. The only negative point that I found was that the air conditioning unit was a little noisy, but we spent all our time out exploring NYC and used the hotel as a base so it was only a minor issue. If I ever go back to NYC I would have no qualms about staying at the Carter again. Don't believe the negative reviews. People can be a bit precious sometimes and
bubble_40	Was nervous after reading some reviews but was delightfully surprised. The hotel is quite old with simple furnishings, but it was super cheap for NYC and the location was unbeatable, down the road from Time Square!! Our room was big enough, its not like you're going to be in there for long when you're in NYC! We had quite a huge bed and very big wardrobe, there is air con also, the fixtures were dated and there is no fridge or kettle.. We found the Concierge to be very helpful and we booked some show tickets through them for a good price and it meant we avoided the ticket lines.
bubble_20	Stayed 1 night at the Hotel Carter on the last night of a small tour of NYC,DC and PHL. We were glad the stay was only one night as we did not like the Hotel Carter at all.  Upon on arriving we were greeted with receptionist trying to deal with a situation where a guest had barracked themselves in a room.  Once checked in the room (the check in person was friendly and polite) was very very dated with the paint on the doors turning yellow, the skirting board coming away from the walls. The room was just about clean enough for a 1 night stay. I think the cleaners do a good job its just the age of the rooms.  No cups or do not disturb signs in room.  I think people stay there to be near Times Square as its just around the corner but our previous hotel in New York a week earlier was
bubble_10	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are old and decrepit. They're dirty - looked like they hadn't been updated since the 1920s. We actually wanted to leave but everything was sold out and we had to to stay. We didn't even want to sleep on the bed. We left the luggage and spent as much time as we could outside of the hotel in order to avoid having to lie on it for too long. We just went back for a quick nap before check out.  The price was good for a NYC hotel, but it's worth spending the extra money for a nice room somewhere else because the city is truly amazing.
bubble_30	We stayed here for four nights over Labour Day weekend.  The hotel is rated as a 1.5 star hotel, so I'm not too sure why some people are so upset about the hotel; you get what you pay for.  It's true that the lobby and the rooms leave something to be desired, but we found the staff friendly, the hotel secure and the location couldn't be any better.  My only complaint is that our pillows were paper thin and we were only given one each.  Other than that, we were quite comfortable for our four nights because you don't go to NYC to hang out in your room, you're only there to sleep.    My In-laws had a separate room in #1718 which was right over some extremely loud fans that ran 24/7, so their first night was a sleepless one, but they talked to the staff in the morning and they were
bubble_10	Stayed at this hotel just for one night, the lobby and the guest toilet were both dirty,their services were very poor, old and tacky looking place but I must confess that the location was perfect, how did they let a hotel this horrible be at this location? I hope I won't have to stay there ever again, please God!
bubble_40	You can't beat the location of the hotel...1 block from Times Square and a street over from a lot of the broadway shows.  The rooms are a little small but what do you expect from New York, but the room is perfect for a place to clean up and to sleep.  You don't go to New York to stay in the room so it's perfect for what you need.  I would definitely stay at hotel carter again.
bubble_50	My wife and I have had to go to NYC quite often this year . We have spent a FORTUNE in hotels and even rented 2-3 bedroom apts for ridiculous prices. Guess what?? we only go to sleep in the hotel that we pay so much money for. The Carter has great people taking care of you and the rooms are small but clean!! We look forward to staying there again the next two times we will be in NYC this year. Check the price out!! Plus it is a SAFE place to stay, security is very good. Thanks Frank Rapale for letting this businessman know of the best kept secret... Abrazos y mucha paz your buddy from Bucar!!
bubble_30	Awesome location right on Times Square. Helpful front desk staff.. Horrid tourist guide section rude and nasty women. Rooms were ok for what we wanted but no fridge In room. Close to pharmacy and restaurants. Do not use the shuttle service the girls offer at information desk it is over priced and you spend more time collecting people than driving to the airport. More convenient to catch a taxi.
bubble_40	Very nice hotel for its price and location, just some steps away from the heart of Times Square. Afterall I go to NY for fun and leisure. No free wifi on the rooms, but you can purchase a card that will grant you 1 ou 5-day access.
bubble_40	My daughter and I just returned from Hotel Carter. This is by no means a 5 star hotel.  All I can say is Location, location, location.  We were within walking distance of everything we needed.  It is a very old hotel, but was clean.  Security was excellent.  Could use a little updating, bathroom, pillows.  After all when in NYC, how much time do you spend in the hotel?  Would definitely stay there again!!!
bubble_20	I stayed here before so decided to stay again.  I got the room for $110/night (as I had booked months prior) but since then the prices have increased CONSIDERABLY so I will never be staying here again.  For $100/night it's worth it, but if you're paying much more than that you're best to stay elsewhere as you're getting seriously ripped off.  Great location but DEFINITELY not worth the higher prices they've decided to change to.  The rooms are hit and miss - some are worth $100 but others aren't worth $50.  Great location.  Too bad they decided to ruin a good thing.
bubble_10	I know I didn't pay for a Hilton, but cleanliness should be at least much better - found two cockroaches in my room and the bathroom was gross. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all. I was supposed to stay 5 nights and switched to a different hotel after the second night. The only good thing is the location. But it's worth paying more to a decent hotel to have a better experience.
bubble_30	I booked this place in a blind bid on Hotwire. I had read lots of reviews about this place and was nervous about what we would find. We couldn't afgord a mid-level hotel so I was prelared for the worst. We arrived to find a clean lobby & helpful staff. A security person was always posted near the entrance. We got a room on the 17th floor. We entered to find a king bed, bathroom, chest of drawers & flatscreen tv and a working AC. It was old but clean. I had read reports of bedbugs and we did a thorough search. Found nothing. We stayed almost a full week and were pleased with our accodations. It's close to subways, Times Sq., and all attractions. If you are looking for cheap & clean, this is perfect. Would I come back to Hotel Carter? Yes, I would.
bubble_50	Very friendly staff, great location. The room was a little on the small size, but it was very clean. The location more then makes up for the small room. Who spends time in their room anyway. When your in the middle of the best city in the world.
bubble_20	The room is small and one of the pillows have been ripped open. The floor looks old and dingy and looks like it has not been washed.  The outlets are not secure when you plug something in. The closet was dirty and was not cleaned. If I could rate lower i would give it a .25.
bubble_40	Well I have just got back from 5 days at Hotel Carter. Was a little worried after some reviews but what are people expecting for 1 star hotel and the price. Paid 230 for 5 nights staying in a hotel 2 minute walk from times square. Hotel was clean, bed was comfortable and the shower worked fine with hot water. Air condition unit was also fine. What more do you want? If you want luxury go and spend over a grand for the privilege. if you want somewhere to sleep and wash this is just perfect. Would definitely use it again without a doubt.  Only downside was the airport shuttle. Driver drove like an idiot and was rude and aggressive, so would recommend not using the shuttle.
bubble_40	this hotel is a bit old fashioned and dated but is clean and tidy. it is right on times square so its easy to get around the full of nyc  the room was a bit small but for the price it was fantastic.  the staff were fine the only problem i had was at the end when i tried to check out. i wanted to leave my bags in the luggage room i was charged extra for this. then when i went back for my luggage i found the man a bit unhelpfull and rude :-/  but the hotel its self was a bargin !
bubble_30	This hotel is very old and run down.  It definitely needs renovating.  However, the location is excellent...walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building and Central Park.  The beds were clean, we had cold air conditioning and hot water.  I don't know if the TV worked or not as we weren't in the room enough to turn it on. The staff was very courteous and helpful.  I will probably look for something a little nicer next time, but it was ok for a one night stay. It was much cheaper than other hotels in the area, but I guess you get what you pay for.
bubble_10	We booked a triple room expecting 3 beds, we arrived and it was 2 double beds explained to reception that we are not able to share the same beds and that we needed a room with 3 beds or a roll away bed in the room we even offered if they just gave us bed linen one of us would sleep on the floor(we as the guests were coming up with the solutions reception didnt offer anything), however reception were extremely unhelpful, therefore we asked to speak to the manager and we were told there was not one on shift we said get the manager on the phone and they were still not able to do this.  Now i will mention at this point all 3 off us work in hospitality in different hotels and BBs therefore we were disgusted the fact the staff were so unhelpful and unable in getting a manger to help
bubble_10	We payed 600 for 6 nights to stay here, location was great... The bad part is the quad room which should have been for no more than two people at the most! The maid never changed the bed sheets whilst we stayed there, the beds were broken, there was mould on the walls and shower curtain... Just horrible. I would not recommend this hotel for my dog.
bubble_10	I had a cockroach in my room!!!!!!!!! DISCUSTING! WE wanted extra blanket, nobody give us one, rooms are very small and dirty,so the bathrooms, the whole hotel is old and dirty,terrible place, the only good thing is the location, but they need renovation ASAP, for now my rating is TERRIBLE!!
bubble_40	First impression wasn't great, the staff did not seem very excited to be there (they were talking to each other across the room about where they going for drinks that night while checking me in). I've been here for nearly two weeks now and I've noticed half the staff always seem generally disinterested in, well, everything, or just plain rude. The room is good, they have the essentials- bathroom, bed, power outlets (and a TV too). The bed is a great size, could fit three people it's so big.   Location is amazing! Right off Times Square, near everything. It's quite loud though, can always hear the sirens downstairs, but if you're a heavy sleeper it's not a problem.   Good value for money though, perfect if you want to be close to everything, and not pay much!
bubble_30	This visit was not nearly as good as the first time I stayed there.  Yes, the price still is probably the best you will get in N.Y.C., however there were a few dissapointing things this time. Upon arrival I found that the only light in the room was from a dim overhead ceiling light controled by a switch at the entrance door.  There was no way anyone could do any work or read under this light.  I went down to the lobby and asked if I could have a table light next to the bed.  I was pleasantly surprised at the speed with which one was delivered to the room.  That night I decided to go to bed early around 10 after a busy day of work in the city.  I wanted a nice hot shower and left the water run for at least 5 minutes and got nothing but tepid and slightly warm water!  There was no
bubble_30	We stayed here for 3 nights. Room was small, bathroom also, but everything was fine for a short stay in NY city. Location near Times Square was perfect. Of course the noises from the city also reached the room, but that was OK. Hotel could need renovation but it was mostly clean. Not for romantic couples or family I would say.
bubble_20	Great location for exploring NY from but hopefully you will be so tired from your sightseeing/shopping that you wil just fall straight into bed and go to sleep blissfully unaware of the street noises which sound like your bed is in the middle of Time Square. The rooms are cleaned every other day or should I say the towels and sheets are changed because the socks and tissues under one bed and the cap and papers under the other plus papers in the drawers were still there when we left 6 days later. The sink was falling off the wall and the bath had definitely seen better days as had the mouldy shower curtain. So you get what you pay for when you get a rockbottom deal. If you don't get that rockbottom deal, steer clear - you'll be disappointed cos even the staff were underpar .
bubble_10	The Hotel Carter offered only a great location and not much else.  Small room, air conditioner wasn't working correctly, bathroom very small and could have been cleaner.  No lamp, no alarm clock, no fire sprinklers.  Smoke detector was kept in a drawer!  OK place to sleep, but not to hang out.  Our room was renovated, we were told yet it had a water spot on ceiling and paint peeling off by window. If you can go with nothing but a place to lay you head with only ONE pillow, then this could be an inexpensive option for you.  Definitely not recommended for more than one or two nights.
bubble_40	The location is excellent:  away from the noise of Times Square, but only a 2 minute walk from it.  Our room was on the 10th floor.  It is an old building, so the hallways are old, but the carpeting was acceptable.  Our room had a king bed (I had requested a king or queen).  The room and bathroom were small, but this is the big city where hotel rooms are small.  The bathroom had a shower stall and it was clean.  We had ample clean towels, a hair dryer (which I requested when booking), and higher grade shampoo and soap in the medicine cabinet.  There were no washcloths, but we had brought our own based on previous reviews on Tripadvisor.  The room was cleaned every other day - again no surprise based on previous reviews.  We always had hot water.  (The trick is to turn the shower
bubble_40	PRO Excellent location and helpful staff. Air conditioning OK and heading OK.  CON Cleaning service every two days, no hot water in the showers, dirty hotel and small rooms. Internet by payment very expensive.  OVERALL very handy for the position, if you want to spent not so much go there. The position is really grate!!
bubble_30	We weren't expecting much seeing it was rated 1 star, but we were in New York for the long days, late nights and just wanted a bed at 3 am to fall into. We arrived at 12:30am went up to our room to see that one bed was shaped like a banana and the other had a huge brown stain on the sheet. The towels were more like hand towels with pubes included. The bin hadnt been emptied in god knows how long. Lucky we had our own towels so I jump in the shower and see used razors and mould on the shower curtain. Overall this place gave a great laugh and still laugh about it. It was cheap, it was somewhere to stay and in an amazing location. Next time I go I will be a little older and actually care about where I stay.
bubble_40	Found this hotel via a hotel search. Stayed there 8/5-8/8 2013. Got into LaGuardia around 10:30pm. Took the NYCporter shuttle to the hotel which cost about $13.00 per person. Took about 30 mins. Check in was fast. Hotel is in a very good location. About a block from Times Square. Room was fairly clean. Very quiet. Window a/c. Cable tv with about 10 channels. Room was cleaned once during our stay. There is Wifi starting at $5.00 for 2 hours. If you plan on using wifi much better off buying the higher cost cards. comes out cheaper. Computers are downstairs for internet starting at $5.00 for 30 mins and up. There is a concierge to help with plans. They have a room to store luggage only if luggage has a lock. There is also a 24 hour deli at the front door. A lot of restaurants
bubble_40	We stayed from 23-30 July 2013.  I have to say that from all the reviews i read, i was really nervous about how the hotel would be when we arrived.  True, its in need of updating and a bit of a renovation, but the location is brilliant - just 1 minutes walk to Times Square.  The room, bed and bathroom were clean and all the linen and towels were clean too.  Air conditioning was a little noisy but worked really well.  Honestly, i didn't go expecting much and for the price its spot on.  The people who have written to definitely not stay there must have a bad experience with it and that can happen at any hotel, but obviously everyone has their own opinion.  But in all honesty we would stay again, and we would even take the kids there too because you are only sleeping in the room
bubble_10	A/C not working and not fixed for 4 days of my stay. Room was not cleaned for 4 days. It shouldn't be called a hotel and doesn't even fall for that category. It is more like a hostel or a cheap apartment. Please stay away or your vacation mood will be ruined.
bubble_30	I recently stayed in the Hotel Carter from the 12th July to the 17th. I can honestly say that I've read some really picky, borderline stuck up reviews about this place and honestly, it's perfectly fine. There were no bed bugs, no dirty sheets, our room was cleaned every day, I mean, what more could 4 friends travelling round the US ask for?!  The first good thing about this place, as I'm sure you've read before, is the location. Slap bang in the middle of Times Square, for those of you who have been to NY before, it's literally round the corner from the Hard Rock Cafe. The staff were friendly enough, and the prices are great for such a good location.  The room was just big enough for all of us to put our things down and have a comfortable sleep. We were barely in the room but
bubble_10	It's a worst hotel I have stayed in my entire life, First of all they make you pay in advance simply because they know that they room are ugly and unbearable. We arrived in NYC in winter it was freezing, and when we got there, the room tiny and all the furniture were old and weird. Like we asked to swap the room, that was even worst, coz the air conditioning would not go low or higher it was stuck. We just manage to sleep in one night as we already paid for but the wost was yet to come, in morning my husband went to have shower and guess what? there was no hot water! the water ice cold in the middle of winter. I can keep on going with my complains, we decided to change hotels the following day and went to the Broadway hotel, it's nice and very little hotel compare to Carter but
bubble_20	If you want a room to sleep and nothing else, look no further. Perfect spot right in Times Square. I stayed in November 2012, a couple weeks after Sandy past, no problems at all. Loved the location. I do wish it was a bit cleaner the room... But for the price I really did not care. I spent all day walking and when I got back in the hotel I just wanted a nice hot shower and sleep. I got that all the time. 4 nights. Will do again in November 2013.
bubble_40	I've stayed at Hotel Carter 3 times, mainly because it's right by Times Square and because of the price. It's definitely not The Ritz, the furniture in the room is a little shabby - there was a table covered in scratches that has probably been around since the 70s - but the price compared to most hotels is good. If you're on a budget, it's one of the best places to stay. It's close to Port Authority bus terminal, and not too far to walk from Penn Station either. We went to a concert at Metlife Stadium and it was perfect - you can get a $5 bus from Port Authority specially put on for the concert and get it back after the show, and you're so close to Port Authority it's easier and cheaper than booking a hotel by the venue! The hotel is very secure, they only let people up to the
bubble_20	After reading the reviews i was scared to come to this hotel, but it was better than I expected. The location was great, close to Times Square. I was on the seventh floor and you can barely see through the window though the view was just a brick wall. The air conditioner was really cold, the maid only came once every two days, which was good for me because I don't like maids poking through my stuff, but there was no do not disturb sign. I thought the wifi was free but you have to pay, and I saw several cockroaches in the hallway. The room was tiny, and I saw another room while a maid was cleaning, and it was a quad room like mine, but it was bigger and had a flat screen TV, while my TV didn't even have a remote or many channels. I don't recommend you come here.
bubble_20	This hotel has a great location, that's it. The room was horrible, with paint splashed over the walls in a very bad attempt to cover the decaying dry walls. There was no room service during the three days we stood, and we had to get towels and toilet paper ourselves. But the worst was the fact that they kept rat poison under the bed and our service dog ate some of it. We had to rush to a veterinarian and we still don't know what the consequences will be, since this poison stays on their system for up to a month. They should had told us that, since they knew we had a service dog with us. I've never been in a hotel who keeps rat poison in their room. That was a first.
bubble_40	We've just had 7 nights at the Carter.After reading previous reviews we were a bit worried about what to expect but we were really pleased. We had a great room on the 22nd floor with awesome views and a balcony- had to climb through the bathroom window! Room was clean, beds comfy, great shower, endless hot water, sheets & towels changed every 2 days. Staff were friendly & helpful. It was such good value & meant we had more cash to spend on other stuff. & what a great location - so handy for everything. Yes - its all abit old & dated but really for the price it was FAB Only things that would improve it would have been a mini-fridge & a bedside lamp - but thats being a bit picky!
bubble_30	First, the location is great, i.e. steps from Times Square. The hotel has a long history and apparently its changed management and they are making some efforts to remodel. Our room was old, but like my son said, were in NYC! The ladies at the info desk were really nice. The AC was very cold and our room looked like it had been painted recently. Beds were comfortable (with the exception that the comforters appeared really worn) and shower was strong and hot, which is really the only reason we used the hotel. Had maid service 3 days for tuesday-saturday.
bubble_30	Staying here depends on your priorities. Definitely don't stay here if you're looking for modern amenities, a flash lobby or somewhere that's easy on the eye! The staff were friendly enough and check in was pain free - we arrived 3 hours before check in and were allowed into our room immediately which was very helpful. This hotel's best feature is it's location as it is only half a block from the heart of Times Square. Such a location cannot be found in any other hotel in this price range whatsoever. Only 1 block from the Port Authority Terminal which limits how far you have to drag heavy bags around this extremely busy city. Rooms and bathrooms are small. Our beds contained no trace of the bed bugs which i have read about in many posts on here. You get what you pay for. This is
bubble_30	If you have plans to do not stay in the hotel, this is your best option in NY city... very good location  just maybe 500 mts from Times Square. Service is just regular and rooms are very old but ok for sleeping. It has be price rate per night/person in the region of Times Square.
bubble_50	This hotel cost me less than $500 for 3 nights. AMAZING. We stayed I believe in room 1026. The beds were extremely comfortable. The room was so clean. The bathroom was small but nice. Tv was a nice flat screen. Staff was super friendly. Nice little store on side of hotel for late night snacks. Less than a tenth of a mile from Times Square. We did ask for extra pillows and they were out, but they gave us a room key to another room to get there pillows, very nice. Will stay again!
bubble_40	Stayed at the hotel for a week. Check in was very quick and efficient. Our room was on the 8th floor, right next to elevator. After reading other reviews I would have to say I was a little nervous about what I was getting in to. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, which was all that really mattered to us. The housekeeping is not daily, I think we got three times that week but each evening we stopped at desk and got fresh towels for the morning, never a problem. The bathroom door handle was broke so we reported it the first day and when we got back that night it was replaced with a new one. The hair dryer in the room wasn't working but we were provided another as soon as we asked. The hotel does not have face clothes so bring your own. Part way through the week we
bubble_10	It was the worst hotel experience of my life. The hotel is very dirty, old, and disorganized. I had booked a room one month before but when I arrived there they not had a room reserved. I have to wait for hours. The staff is very bad too. The good thig is the localization.
bubble_20	When paying $139 a night for a hotel in this location then you should know what to expect.  However it was perhaps dirtier and older than I'd expected.  I was in New York to watch a boxing match at Madison Square Garden with a friend.  To be honest we weren't too concerned about the hotel and the price left us more money to spend on the shopping, restaurants and nightlife that NYC is famous for.  If I was taking family or a significant other I would not look twice at this hotel.  However a few night break like this iot worked ok.  I'd probably look at other options when I return to NYC next time and sacrifice location a bit.
bubble_20	Me and my girlfriend had booked a room for our three-night-stay in New York. Of the hotels we've been to on our trip across USA, this was the worst. The room was small, the hot water was non-existing for the first day and the cleaning was bad. Underneath our bed was so disgusting that it looked like there hadn't been a vacuum-cleaner for the past months. Having said that, the bed was large and comfortable and the location was really good. It is a shame though when a hotel rely on nothing but its location, but if you're only going to sleep at the hotel I guess it's a good choice.
bubble_40	I dont understand why there are so many haters out there.  Im not going to lie; I was worried reading all the bad reviews after I booked the room.  My GF and I just spent 3 nights and it was totally fine.  We were friendly to the front counter staff and got a decent room (2007).  It even had a balcony that you could go out and have a cold beer.  Its not the Hilton so if you want to order a movie and hang out in the room with room service, this isnt your place.  Its a basic room, bed, dresser, closet washroom.  There wasnt a remote, but who cares - we hardly watched TV anyway.  Youre in NYC so if you are looking for a place to shower and sleep, its perfect for the price.  The room was clean enough, not spotless.  We paid $135 a night and thought it was a great value.  I
bubble_30	The only good thing about this hotel is the location. I stayed in the 8th floor and my room had a view of the Time Square. My room was very dirty, there was stains on the carpet and on the bathroom curtains. The TV had no remote control, and it was very high in the wall, so I had to stand in the chair to turn it on/off. Every time I flushed the toilet I felt the ground shaking. This is the cheapest hotel in Times Square, you get what you for. If you don't have too much money but still want to stay in Times Square this is the right hotel for you. The dinner attached to the hotel is very good, I went there every day.
bubble_40	I just got back from a 6 night stay at the Carter hotel and I can honestly say that it was perfect for what I was looking for. Simply put, I was looking for a safe, clean and centrally located hotel. Aside from being a few minutes away from Times Square, the hotel is situated right beside one of the main subway stations in manhattan (42nd-Times Square), which allowed me to have easy access to just about any subway line without having to make any transfers. For certain travellers, the downside to the hotel's location would be that there is never any peace and quiet. You have to maneuver yourself through huge crowds of people, which can get annoying after a long and hot day of shopping/exploring. Also, Times square isn't exactly the cleanest place in NYC. Several streets around
bubble_40	We stayed at this Hotel in June 2013 for 6 nights, myself and 2 adult children.  After reading very mixed reviews for the hotel before I left, I was very uneasy as to what to expect.  I neednt have worried.  The rooms were adequate in size - ours had 2 double size beds in.  The bedding was fresh and clean and the room cleaned twice whilst we were there.  Fresh towels were available on a daily basis and no matter what time we all wanted to shower there was plenty of hot water.  The aircon worked fine too.  The decor is tired but the value for money is brilliant.  The hotel staff ranged from friendly, helpful to not helpful and outright rude, but to be fair the amount of people checking in and out on a daily bais, Im not surprised.  Could not stay at a better hotel for the
bubble_20	Loved booking a $159/hotel near Times Square. I only wish I'd spent the $$$ to book a better hotel for my three kids and me.  We didn't receive clean towels the first day. No shampoo or wash cloths. Everything in the room/hotel was outdated and grungy.  Wish I had paid the $$$ for the Marriott or Hilton Garden...my family may've actually stopped in for rest during the day...we used Starbucks as our resting area.  My advice...when visiting NYC, spend the $$$ on acceptable accommodations...you won't regret it.
bubble_30	The hotel is in great location at the price they offer. But they do not provide free internet, or even store your luggage for a few hours after you check-out. We had to pay $3 per luggage for leaving them in the luggage storage. The room was quite average, and the bathroom was not completely clean - the bathing area seemed quite run-down. We stayed in 2 different rooms, and the rooms vary in size and arrangements. For example, the first room had a large closet, the second room was smaller and had small closet. So it depends on your luck if you are getting a more comfortable space.  The carpets in the hallways etc were very dirty and seemed not to have been cleaned for ages.
bubble_30	There is nothing in the immediate vicinity of the Hotel Carter that even comes close to the $140 per night that we paid.  To provide a reference point, check out prices for the Westin on 43rd Street which is two doors down from Hotel Carter.  This hotel is IN Times Square.  The compromise; the lobby is dingy and outdated and you should have very little expectations of anything other than a clean place to stay.  There were only three towels in the room. Having read reviews, I made sure that we were booked in a renovated room.  The rooms was freshly painted, the bathroom was clean, and there was a small closet.  We had a late flight out, and for $4/bag, they held out suitcases all day after check out.  This is a good option if you plan to be out all day and just need a place to
bubble_30	Now, lots of peoples reviews of this hotel I think perhaps they were expecting alot. For the price you are paying to stay in the centre of New York city, with Times square at the end of the street, along with a subway station and bus station within walking distance how could you complain?  I was travelling on a budget and was not sure what to expect, I have actually stayed here three times now! Although the first time we experienced a mouse issue we were given a night free. I know thats still not what alot of people expect as 'acceptable' but the room was adeqaute and secure. It had a bathroom and hot shower and when visiting NYC youre not staying in the room anyway!  I stayed a second and third time after this and did not experience any vermin. Dont get me wrong IF the carter
bubble_20	Hotel staff not given to joking and serious gestures Ramshackle hotel, uncleaned carpets, towels changed if you ask, bathrooms inappropriate and careless. if you have allergic children dont go to this hotel.Under the bed I found a woman's shoe, as well as bills for the month of April and May !!!. When clean under the beds? Very close to times square to visit, quick visit new york strategic points, many famous shops and places to eat as well as theaters.
bubble_40	We were there for 2 nights and stayed on the 12th floor in a renovated room.  Look, the room was old but it was freshly painted with a large comfy bed.  There was a large walk in cupboard which was useful.  No Internet unless you paid $10 per day (go to McDonalds but it is busy).  They also charge &10 per case if you want them to look after luggage. Weird guy in Lobby  (not sure what his role was as found him asleep one day). Location is very central but would not recommend  to single women as entrance on 41st ? which is narrow and quiet.  Good value  for price so if on tight budget go for it. Note:  no frig which is a pain.
bubble_50	A little run down but clean and beds changed on second day clean towels no noise from street only 5 mins from Times Square there was a nice wee shop in hotel that was cheep for breakfast and hot tea it was a gd place to stay staff were very helpful and u can leave your bags for 3 dollars so if your flight was,nt till evening u didn't have to pull your bags about would go back there x
bubble_30	Hotel is in much need of a re-vamp (moldy pipes, window broken and open, carpet lifting and a bit smelly) but to be honest, we only paid about 300 for 5 nights so what do you expect. The location of the hotel is amazing for all the major tourist attractions, just being a 5 minute walk from Times Square and the reception staff and security guards were friendly and helpful.  The hotel has no coffee making facilities but there is a great shop next door selling cold drinks, freshly made coffee and good food.  You get what you pay for...and you are in NYC - who needs to sleep!!!!
bubble_30	A bit seedy, run-down, with layers and layers of paint on rusted pipes and frayed bedcovers but my goodness the view and the location!!!  For $139 we got two double beds (in a teeny cramped room) and a bathroom and a/c in June. No microwave, or fridge, or safe, or coffee maker or ANYTHING and you have to ask for towels. They won't make up your bed every day either. We were just around the corner from many of the theaters and a block from Times Square. You want a place to sleep and stay in the middle of the action this is the place.
bubble_40	After reading the reviews for this hotel during my search, I wondered how one place could be so bad and still remain open. Me and my friend don't care much for reviews, and for the price they were offering we decided we couldn't lose. And we weren't wrong.  This isn't a luxury hotel. It's perfect if you intend to be out exploring the city instead of lounging around in your room. The beds were comfortable, the view was okay, the hotel floor was generally quiet, and the concierge/staff helped us with all our needs.  Stay here if you're not fussy, and want to have more money to spend on your experience outside the hotel!
bubble_30	This hotel is right on the doorstep of times square. You can't get much closer than this. It's right down the street from a subway, so you can get here straight from the airport and also make your own way around New York (we got a weekly subway pass which was excellent, you could hop on and off as many times as you wanted). We chose this hotel, despite the reviews, for it's location. We travelled to NYC to see the city, not to spend time in the hotel. Location set aside, the reviews are all true. It's not the Ritz or the Mariott. Our bathroom door didn't close, our phone and lamp only had half a cord and were unable to be plugged it, and it constantly smelt. The staff were friendly though and were very accommodating, we arrived at the hotel early due to a change in flights, and
bubble_40	We ( my boyfriend and I) chose hotel carter as website "Olotel hotels" gave us a complete price of $500 USD for four nights and the average for other hotels in same or surrounding areas was $1200/1700 for that duration, it did freak me out with the bad reviews but it stated if we didn't like the room within 10 minutes of check in we'd get a full refund . After a swift check in process we raced to our room (1531) to see if it was hell on earth. The room was definitely old but clean, spacious and everything we needed so we were happy besides what does one expect for $500 in NYC. If you need fancy bedding and room service this isn't for you but if you need a place to crash, a good shower with a bathtub you'll be pleased with this place, pleasantly surprised. We even had a roomy
bubble_40	Ok folks, this is NYC and hotels are very expensive. This is a budget hotel and with that in mind, you cant expect the same quality as a Hilton or even a Hampton Inn. I read the reviews and was worried when I first booked it. However, I was on a budget when traveling. If you're on a budget youre not going to have an extra $50 a night for a hotel room. You'll need all the money saved to be able to afford eating out and doing activities in this very expensive city. This hotel is not that bad, at all, so if youre on a budget dont worry.   The hotel is very old, so it's tired and worn looking. I didnt find the room dirty though, just tired and old. The bed was comfortable and the shower had hot water and good pressure for the entire duration of the stay. The TV  had no remote which
bubble_30	I read many reviews and opinions about this hotel before arriving, and it's quite simple. Pros- 1. Best location for its price. 2. Good service ( from what I encountered). 3. Price ( In case you didn't get it the first time). Cons-  1. Not very clean ( don't look under the bed...). 2. Old and unpleasant rooms ( even the renovated ones). 3. Noise ( there are huge turbines outside the hotel). Summary- If you wanna take the Mrs. for a romantic vacation in the big apple, this is NOT the hotel for you, BUT if you and your homies plan a boys night out or something, and you plan on being right in the middle of things, this is the BEST value for money hotel, you can get in NYC.
bubble_20	The location makes this hotel usable. Rooms are grotty and very small, hardly room to move in.  It's just off Times Square in a very busy and noisy area. It's ok if you are just staying a night or two max. I would not stay here again :-(
bubble_20	The room was, as expected for the price, small and old. The bathroom was at best minimal, with very old and small towels, very badly done remodel at some point in the last 20 years with at least 20 coats of paint on it.   One of the beds had a broken frame that caught each of us at one point, leaving a not so nice reminder of the room on our legs.   There was no remote for the TV, no hair drier, and none available at the desk, and the phone didn't work.   We were there two days and they didn't even clean the room or make the beds at all. No "Do Not Disturb" sign, so that wasn't it.   At best this hotel is a cheap, for NYC, place to lay your head, and not one thing more!
bubble_40	Was reading horror stories about this place, but it turned out to be pretty okay. Yeah, the rooms are very basic, not very modern and the cleaning staff don't exactly wear out the vacuum cleaner, but it's perfectly fine. It's not filthy at all. Average sized rooms (at least for an European), small, but okay bathroom.  Large, comfortable beds. Sheets were changed every other day during our 6-day stay.Had a room on 5th floor without traffic noise. Ice cold AC. Price of the room was 40% less than any other central NY hotel at the time of booking. Location is great - 3 minutes from a subway station and Times Square, different convenience stores etc. Efficient staff.  The hallways look like a trip back to the 70s and the lobby like the 80s, but I just found it kinda funny. Very easy
bubble_40	me and my brother stayed at the carter for 11 nights in oct 2012. After reading all the horror stories i was very worried but was pleasantly suprised. We were on the 21st floorand the room was clean and basic, beds comfortable and shower working fine as well as the tv. Rooms were cleaned every other dayand we had a great stay, location is amazing as is the price. We have booked again this year as i wont stay anywhere else in nyc as its such a bargain
bubble_30	I had heard so many bad reviews from people who had posted on tripadvisor that all rooms were : dirty, stained, got bed bugs, cockroaches , unclean sheets etc. well, my room was totally FREE of any any dirt or bugs. the sheets were clean and they were changed regularly. i dont have any issues with the cleanliness bad reports that were made here or any bad review on the basis of the hotel being infested with bugs or dirty!! i was on the 8th floor and it was fine. i also had 6 friends who were staying in same hotel, and they all said it was great hotel and not had any problems with aforementioned issues. the staff were unhelpful, lazy and and telephone in my room did not permitt me to make ANY outgoing calls (unless it was central zones nyc). very inconvenient as i was unable to
bubble_30	My husband booked this hotel before I could research it.  I had a very bad week worrying about all the bad reviews.  I don't know why there were so many bad reviews.  The hotel was built in 1930 so the rooms are dated.  This is the 3rd hotel I have stayed in and all 3 were small - that must be normal for older hotels in New York City.  Our room was clean, the bedding was clean, the towels were clean - everything was perfect.  The bathtub, sink and toilet are dated but clean.  There were no bugs anywhere.  We stayed in room 804 for 2 nights. This is a solid hotel.  We heard nothing from other rooms - no noise, no-one using the shower or flushing the toilet. The staff were very friendly and helpful.  We had issues trying to get back to the airport and the hotel staff were
bubble_30	...and remember you are paying about the same as you would for the HoJo's in Queens. If you go in realizing you ain't going to the Ritz, that 'amenities' here mean relative quiet, smoke-free atmosphere, clean sheets and towels that are changed every OTHER day, working plumbing, an elevator that runs (so long as you don't have more than 8 people!) and a European staff that seems surly but really is just keeping a watchful eye out for transients, then you'll be fine. We amused ourselves with small mysteries, like why my sheets had "LA COUNTY 1993" printed on them (morgue? jail? psych ward?), why the closet had a bulb that NEVER WENT OUT, how did that blood splatter get ON the shower curtain, and would the place eventually burn down from them storing the hairdryer cord OVER the
bubble_20	I realize that hotels in New York are expensive, but it is important to know that ahead of time so the trip can be planned - whether for vacation or business. The only thing I can really say positive about this hotel is the location is quite central, but even then I personally don't love Times Square and find it to be overrated. The staff was neither overly friendly nor rude. This hotel is pretty brutal - old, the lobby is like an old, dirty mall, the rooms were tiny and you could hear every noise. My overall impression of New York was horribly tainted by this hotel until I went again and stayed in a better hotel for slightly more money. I literally had to jump on my bed to get to the other side of the room to adjust the insanely noisy air conditioning unit. Quite frankly, it
bubble_30	The reviews are correct it is in a great location.  Rooms are spacious and clean, my bathroom had been re tiled recently.  You do get what you pay for, in fact it was better than I expected after reading the reviews on here.  Hot water was hot every day apart from 1 out of 7.  If you want a safe they are behind the reception desk, not in your rooms.  I didn't get a safe and nothing went missing.  The maid was lovely and friendly on floor 15.  Reception has a funny smell in it, like a mouldy, mildew smell and reception staff and tour excursion staff are very grumpy, not sure why, I didnt book any excursions with them, but the hotel porter is lovely, he is always offering to help you and has a smile of his face.  Had to pay an extra $3 for the hotel to store my suitcase for 2
bubble_20	This hotel is as far from luxury as one can get, but at a great location 20 meters from Times Square! We stayed there for a week and had an amazing time in New York. The hotel smells like sigarettes and mold, the employes are nice enough and the beds are OK to sleep in. Would I stay there again? probably.
bubble_50	After reading all the reviews we sceptical about staying here, we had booked our 10 night stay before reading these awful reviews, however, we needn't have worried. Granted the hotels hotels decor was dated, but the room in which we stayed was spotless, the sheets and towels were crisp and white. The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful. There was no sign of an infestation of any kind. The mattresses looked new, the beds were comfortable and were the perfect place to rest after a full day in NYC!  During our stay we were joined by two friends, who had a room four floors above us, their room was equally spotlessly clean!  The hotel is located on 43rd street, halfway between Broadway and 8th ave, literally a stones throw from Times Square with its lights, theatres,
bubble_30	The location was perfect in Times Square, one block away was the wax museum, ripleys believe it or not, IMAX, toys r us, forever 21, etc.... I could keep going. We stayed at the hotel 3 nights mostly just to sleep since we were out and about sight seeing, shopping and dinning. The price was is for what u expect. I would stay here again. Btw there is a gentle men's  club next door "cheetah's"
bubble_30	Let's start off with the word CHEAP.  We booked via Expedia.ca and hotel + air (from Buffalo) was $500/pp - taxes in - for ONE WEEK.  Most hotels alone are $100-$200 a night in the same area.  So if you want to be in Times Square and you don't need your sheets changed every day or a pool... book with Hotel Carter.  There were 3 of us, so we rotated who got the bed to themselves (2 twin beds).  Also, 2/3 of us are on the larger side, but the room worked it's purpose which was a place to crash/keep shopping bags.  If you are high maintenance and will frown about everything, then pay double and stay somewhere more posh.  Pluses:  *LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION *PRICE *Most hotel staff were helpful (it outweighed the one lady at reception that was not) - Luis the doorman is super
bubble_40	We booked well ahead having never been to NYC before. We crossed our fingers that Hotel Carter would be OK. We checked in with one of the girls on reception. She was very friendly and courteous. We were pleasantly surprised when we entered our room. It wasn't as small as we had been led to believe. It was clean and pretty good value and the location was great! One street from Times Square. A great place to start your daily explorations. The sheets were only changed once in the week we were there. The paintwork could be brightened up with a fresh coat. If you're looking for a 4 star hotel service this isn't for you, but if you're in New York looking for a base to get out on your adventures and you're not keen to stay in your room then Hotel Carter may be just what you need
bubble_10	The dirtiest hotel I have ever seen, the rooms were worse than just dirty, the wather  tap in the room  does not work, airconition does not work. Night staff was drunk, I could not tell if they were on duty or not, but they all had uniforms on. We vill not recoment it even if was the last hotel in the city.
bubble_10	If I could have left a zero review, I would have done.  I chose this hotel back in January as it has a great location and the reviews at the time weren't that bad.    The hotel is badly in need of a total overhaul.  If someone were to invest in it, it could be so good, as it's location is perfect for Times Square.  But ... my advice to anybody booking this place is - don't.  We stayed there for 5 nights.  I paid for the first 4 upfront, because if I hadn't done so, we would have moved after the first night.    No remote for the TV, no plug for the bath - and the bathroom is horrible.  You have to squeeze past the toilet to get into the bath or shower - hot water is dodgy.  I agree totally with all the other bad reviews placed about this hotel.  Don't make the same mistake I did
bubble_10	I'm not too fussy when it comes to staying overnight, as long as it's clean. This hotel was anything but. Mold in bathroom, garbage under the beds, hadn't been vacuumed for a long time, even the sheets were dirty. Gross. We slept with our clothes on. It smelled like insecticide (for a reason, I'm sure). There was no hot water, and upon complaining at the front desk about it, was told to turn on both faucets at the same time and let run for 5 minutes. ?? It worked somewhat, though the water never got hot. The toilet leaked out of the bottom when flushed, and the lamp didn't work.   Location is great, but that's the only positive.
bubble_10	it was all arranged, to take my disabled scooter with me. i drove it on plane in h/row. great. but when we got to newark, airport staff all argued who's responsibility it was to bring it off the plane, for over an hour - bad start but one that showed me what was to follow would be the norm for new yorkers.  we then went onto carter hotel, which we booked through expedia.co.uk....what a dive and although they said that they had disabled access, this was untrue, as I was greeted with approx 15 steps to just get into lobby...they had an inadequate stair lift (really just suited for a couple of cases), but we were told that this had in fact been broken for weeks now and no-one had tried to repair it in this time. I had to access lobby via service lobby area, which was filthy and
bubble_30	Stayed here for 5 nights in May with friends. The room was rather small, although the bed itself was comfy (and no evidence of bedbugs), there was also an adequate modern TV. The room itself was rather shabby, however, and carpet not particularly clean. There was also some waste paper from the last guest left in one of the drawers, the toilet seat was broken and the shower not particularly warm all the time! The lobby was also shabby and tired-looking, and there is no free wi-fi, just a rather expensive subscription service or pricey pay terminals in the lobby ($5 for half hour!).  However, I'm not sure what the people writing some of these reviews were expecting - if you want something of the standard of the InterContinental or the Marriott, go there! It's dirt cheap, and you
bubble_10	I don't care that this hotel was in a great location- right on Times Square- I will never go back there!  First off we did not pick this hotel. We used another travel website that had special deals on hotels, so my husband signed up for it. And we got this one. We were not pleased at all - especially after reading reviews!! We had to stay there for 2 nights after our 2 week trip to Italy and we were dreading it. I had packed some disinfectant wipes ( I was so happy I found a travel size) just for use at THIS hotel. We stayed in a lot of different hotels in Italy and never once did I use them. We arrived late on a Friday.( I had called from Italy before leaving to ask if we could have one of the renovated rooms- which we didn't end up getting). We asked if we could see our room
bubble_40	Firstly I must point out that I had read many reviews on the tripadvisor and had mixed expectations prior to booking. I booked this hotel mainly for the location which is right on Times Square, New York City. I booked a room for 3 all male party of friends via Travel Republic who are based in London - my booking was completed online although I did also speak to their representatives who are very polite professional. We managed to acheive a real good deal which worked out to be around 40 per night per person which in the heart of Times Square is excellent value.  We arrived around 3pm and were allocated a room on the 10th floor facing the front of the hotel. The room was pleasantly spacious, clean and tidy throughout. We had a new wall mounted plasma TV which also had a
bubble_30	Room was average but nothing that I didn't expect from previous reviews, I wasn't horrified by it, was clean and comfortable.  I think I said to my friend was a $40 hotel room in a $400 location.  As other people said if you are there to check out New York and won't really be spending much time other than sleeping in your room then this is the place for you.  Only real complain was the tour desk/information people were next to useless.  I would stay here again.
bubble_30	The Hotel Carter is ideally located steps away from Times Square with easy access on foot or subway to anywhere in Manhattan. The rooms to be honest are average and I can say that fairly because we saw about 4 of them when the phone line didnt work in our first one and apparently in the 4 rooms we looked at following (we ended up just decided we didnt need a phone in the room) The bathrooms were clean but old and very run down looking, actually most of the hotel looked like that but if your just looking for a cheap hotel (by NYC standards) where you can crash after big days of exploring the city then the Hotel carter will suit you fine.
bubble_30	Great place to stay. The room was ok. They only cleen the rooms evert two-days, so make sure you have enough towels in you room. You can ask for towels and pillows in the reception, they are very friendly. Walking distance to almost everything in Manhatten.
bubble_20	Great location. Average service - the desk didn't really care about reporting of bed bugs. They didn't seem surprised but they did say they would get the guy to "spray".  TV fine. Bed sheets and towels were dirty.
bubble_30	Don't expect a luxurious or sofisticated place. This hotel is perfect if you're traveling on a budget, plan to spend the whole day travelling around the city and just need a place to sleep. The location is excellent, since it is two blocks from Port Authority Bus Terminal and Times Sq./ 42 St. Subway stations, which allows you to get quickly to almost anywhere in Manhattan and the rest of buroughs. Even though the place looks grim and old, rooms were clean. There is no free internet access, so you have to use the access code vending machine located in the lobby. Rooms are cleaned every 2 days. Tip: Visit the caf on the hotel entrance for a quick and affordable breakfast.
bubble_20	This may not make any sense, but all of the good reviews and bad reviews are equally right. It all depends on your point of view.  If you've been used to staying at hotels/motels that have "decor", "style" and "class", and especially "services" and "amenities", then you probably will hate and even fear the Carter. Because they have none of those things.  For the lowest price of any recently listed New York hotel this is what you will get: A bed with a clean sheet and pillow, a towel, some hot water, a closet and a television. And, oh yeah, you'll be within steps of the center of Times Square, aka the Center of the World.  Modern? Don't make me laugh.   Lots of room to stretch out? Yeah, if you're the size of a gopher.   Soap and shampoo? That's what stores are for.
bubble_40	The location is superb,walking distance to many Manhattan highlights-the accommodation is basic-no meals but  drinks and snack machines in the lobby and a good deli immediately next door-recommend the Mexican hot chocolate and cinnamon apple tea.For meals Manhattan has so much to offer.Rooms clean(ish) but do negotiate on arrival for a better room if the allocated room  is an un-modernised one also room sizes vary from the cramped to the small.Concierge and all staff friendly and helpful,not the cheapest of the cheap but you can save by being so near the heart of everything.
bubble_20	Two seconds from time square- its best feature. As everyone has said it is really cheap and that's what you get. Staff were fine- not rude, not overly competent but they were fine. Reception area is big with wifi and computers which was very helpful when trying to look for an apartment (pretty good for people watching too). Our room was fine- two large beds. It wasn't dirty but it wasn't clean. We brought our own sheets, didn't want to trust theirs. Nor did I want to walk barefoot in the room- as I said just didn't seem clean. Luckily no dead rats/cockroaches for us- ultimately, it did the job! We were out of the room most of the time, literally only needed it as a place to keep our stuff and sleep. Useful for a good visit to NYC/Manhattan on a budget- we used it as a base for
bubble_30	This is a very basic hotel, pretty much only a place to store your belongings, take a shower, and sleep, but in a very good location and at a very good price.  I had a room on one of the top floors, so the noise was not a problem.  The room was surprisingly spacious, the bed was ok, and the bed linens clean.  The shower and bathroom were also ok, but do bring your own amenities and slippers so you don't have to walk on the old carpet.  I had no problem with the luggage storage and the staff also booked me a shuttle to JFK.  The location of the hotel is fantastic!  Right in Time Square, close to the metro, many sights are walking distance.  So it really depends what you are looking for and how important comfort is to you.
bubble_30	Booked this hotel in New York despite having read reviews.   Basically you get what you pay for.  Its cheap by New York standards, but great if your only staying a couple of nights.   Wouldn't book this hotel if I was visiting NY for any longer than a couple of days.  Fine if you just want to get your head down and spend most of your time out sightseeing.  Saying that, bed was clean, room service gave clean towels every day, but hotel really needs a complete refurbishment.   The best thing about this hotel is the location and the price.
bubble_10	If you choose this hotel pray to not have any problems, otherwise it will not be a good experience because you will be dealing with dishonest people.  In my last day in NY, me and my boyfriend left the luggages in the hotel to be able to walk through the city until our flight time. When we arrived in the hotel we couldn't take our luggages, because they were locked in a room that nobody has the key. So the employees called the owner of the hotel and I had to wait 1h untill the guy arrives. Meanwhile I missed my flight.  The owner of the hotel was the worse people I ever met. Disgusting, rude and dishonest. He didn't pay for the flight tickets we missed, he didn't want to give us another day in the hotel. He also had the ability to say that he was kind to us, because he allowed
bubble_30	The hotel is definitely not the best but as everyone is pointing out it's an extremely good deal considering the location, it's literally half a block from times square. I didn't have any problems with bugs or didn't find mould, the matress was a little hard but it was ok I knew wasn't going to a 4 stars hotel :) the only thing was, as a lot of people wrote, for some reason the temperature in my room was hot and I had to leave my window wide open overnight, but with the window open it was totally fine. Besides that, I didn't have any problem about noise (maybe I got lucky). So in the end, if you are aware you are going to a 1 star hotel and don't have expectations it's not bad, I wouldn't go there for a romantic holiday but if I am travelling alone or with friends I would go
bubble_10	Would avoid this hotel at all cost. A nightmare from the second i walked in. Dirty rooms, noicy and warm. No A/C ?? And the hotel manager... Had a walkabout in the town and left my laptop at the fron desk. Were told there was a $1 deposit for them to look after it, that was ok for me.  But when i came back the hotel manager were at the front desk. He refused to give my laptop back untill i paid $10, because that was the price to pay. I tried to tell him that the lady from earlier that day told me $1, and that what i gave her. I told him that i wanted to talk to the manager (that when he told me HE was the manager) Lucky for me there was a police offiser outside, and when i said i would talk to him to get it back, he baseacly trew the laptop on the front desk at told me to take
bubble_30	I booked this room last minute and wanted to somewhere simply to lay my head for a few hours and get a hot shower. For that, it was sufficient. The check-in process was speedy although I did not enjoy talking through glass and handing my things over through a hole in it (think old-timey bank) - it just felt sketchy, even though the staff was great.   The elevators are small so beware if you have more than one bag, you might want to grab one by yourself. When you exit off the elevator, you see where they've put the money (any money) into updates. Your first view is great, modern, clean....then you turn the corner down the hallway to your room and you realize it ends there. Our room had a big chunk missing out of the door because clearly they had to pry it open at one point. I
bubble_40	I booked this hotel through Aer Lingus website when booking flights, (for the price) amazing value. I read some pretty gruesome reviews after booking so was not sure what to expect... and what we got was fine. Room was clean on arrival, sheets changed every 2nd day, tho strangely clean towels were not routinely provided, there was no problem asking for them at reception. Our room (1134) had very loud vent outside window, so try to avoid this one. (I DID ask to be changed, and was told to come back after 3.30pm, but each day we were out doing the touristy stuff, ear plugs were purchased and all was well) Not a lot of storage space in room, small gripe for what is a place to sleep and shower as you hit the ground running and forget to stop in the city that doesn't sleep!
bubble_30	My second time here, this time with friends. We went budget, so Carter was almost the only choice in very expensive city. I think this hotel bets everything on location, which is really great, only few steps from Times Square. All the rest is pretty low standard, but as many before me have said - in New York you only need room to sleep and shower. Rest of time you enjoy the outside of one of the greates cities in the world; In rooms they have now flat TVs, beds are quite comfortable; Despite all they will need a renovation in near future;
bubble_40	the hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and knowledable,the deli in the lobby had great food and was reasonable priced. the location is perfect. the room was bare bones and there are no ammenities but we weren't there to hang out in the hotel. well worth the money we saved to stay here and use to stay longer
bubble_40	This is the place to stay if you are only in your room to sleep and shower!  Your in New York City, why would you be in your room all day anyway?  It had comfortable beds, a lot of hot water for showers, clean sheets and bedding, and the room got cleaned everyday!  What the room had-beds, flat screen tv with remote, small bedside stand, medium size dresser,closet, full bathroom with cups, soap,2 in 1 pantene shampoo and toilet paper!  What the room didn't have- table, lamp, mini refigerator, microwave, or washcloths!  The hotel doesn't have an ice machine either!  I was really impressed with the cleaniliness of the hotel and our room due to some of the bad reviews but If you are looking for a 5 star hotel and only pay $130 dollars a night on Times Square this is not your place
bubble_40	Old hotel, small room, small bathroom, big closet, nice views of Times Square, plenty of food on the block, including a great little place next to it with affordable breakfast specials. My stay was better than I expected. No bugs, no rats, fairly clean. Well actually it was totally clean! We checked out late ($10/hour) and they gave us one hour free for some reason. Bed was comfy and pillows were amazing! Would stay again for $100/night in most convenient spot in NY (lots of subway lines).
bubble_10	hole from hell..never thought a hotel like this in in times square,,,except from great location it is a peiece of hell,,,,worset hotel i ever stay in..never goona stay in it again and i am trying to forget that terrible nightmare of those 6 days from hell...dirty hotel w cracks in the walls...very noise,couldnt sleep easily,,if anyone open door in next room u thought it is urs..u cant lock the door while u r in the room,,,from the end..never go there,,avoid it by any mean....guys of the reception are the most rude ppl i ever met...security guys suspect anyone in strange way..again again ...never stay in  it again
bubble_10	Booked in the carter for 5 nights.  Were allocated theroom on arrival. walked in and walked out immediately. It was filthy.  Allocated another room which was just as bad, bed covers filthy, shower disgusting, the whole place is a no go area.  Booked out the next morning after finding another hotel that night.  Stayed at the Milford Plaza a few streets away, wonderful place.  The Carter should be closed down under the public health act, read the other reviews they are true!
bubble_40	It was a great hotel for the money. We walked to Comic con from the hotel, a nice 20 minute walk at a relaxing pace. We could hear music from the shows going on from our room. Mattress was alittle tired but I wasn't expecting a new one. Staff was friendly and brought up towels and shower stuff in less then 5 minutes of calling. The tv had limited channels but we were to tired to watch much. Big plus was our own bathroom for the price. Already reserved the room for the next Comic con
bubble_20	Best pricing we found for Times Squares area Hotels...there is a small cafe next door and down the road..Europa Cafe excellent...Bedsheets were crisp clean..small room was to be expected..front desk people not very friendly..but this place was good for what we needed..subway nearby and we were on the go all day.
bubble_30	It is about a 2 1/2 star hotel and it is about that in quality. There are very few amenities..no coffee maker, no mini-fridge, no clock (we brought our own as we didn't see one in pictures on site), no ice machine (Porte Deli down the street sells glasses or bags of ice), no face clothes (we always pack these as have been other places that don't have them), small towels (but you can have as many as you want). The rooms are cleaned every second day which is stated on the sheet you sign when you register. The rooms are old and worn but our bed was decent and clean. The pillows were thin but worked ok when doubled up. The prices for the Westin down the street are $400 per night so it comes down to what amenities you are willing to give up for a great location 1/2 a block from Times
bubble_40	My sister and two neices just stayed here for four days. We were worried because of some of the reviews we read, but figured we had a fifty-fity chcance of either good or bad. Turned out we had a really good experience. The staff was very receptive to our requests. our room was small, but served its purpose. We didn't go to New York to stay in a hotel room. The beds were comfortable, the location was great. We had a grand time, and will stay there on our next trip. Also plan to recommend it to our friends  and family.
bubble_30	this hotel is really in a bad shape.... the rooms are not too clean, the lobby is quite shabby, the staff not all too friendly. housekeeping is almost not existing. we stayed there for 6 nights and only once they cleaned our room. but you can't have better location in NYC. it's 3 minutes walk from Times Square Metro station, 2 minutes walk to Times Square and if you take the airport shuttle you can hop on and hop off directly to this place.  i'd definitely stay in this hotel again when I visit NY again. To be honest if you come to NYC you don't spend too much time in a hotel room but enjoy the city and only come back for sleep.
bubble_30	This hotel was fine.  I'd stay there again, particularly because the price was good and the location was amazing.  That said, I'd sleep poorly as I've never slept on a bed with more springs poking my back in my life.  Really, though, who cares?  I was drinking, going to bars and shows, and generally exhausted the whole time, so I still slept the sleep of the drunken.  All in all, I'd say stay if you're poor, but still want to be in the center of it all.
bubble_30	hotel is very old.the location is the best part about this hotel..right up on times square..all the major attractions within walking distance..the restaurant below the hotel is open 24 hours and helps..although the wifi was mentioned as free while booking,the hotel charges for the wifi.a very budget place in the midst of NYC.
bubble_40	My family and I booked for a week, despite the mixed reviews. We arrived late in our day, through the neon brilliance of Times square to the Hotel Carter. How bad could it be?  We checked in, noting the unique hotel policy of "under 10 minutes you don't have to pay". The lobby was busy, noisy and shabby. Our room on the 10th floor was good, with a TV (no remote) fridge and two double beds. Four power sockets and an en suite bath/ shower/ sink with lots of free towels and soap. In room hair dryer and Air conditioning available if needed. Maid service visited on 6 days out of 7, and replaced towels every couple of days.  The staff at the front desk were helpful. Safety deposit boxes were available for hire  in conclusion. Great location and great value and would stay there
bubble_20	the hotel is old ,but no smells ,the room was ok ,they need to get rid of the rug and they have little space for closet ,that was in really bad shape,location is wonderful for the price ,is a 2 stars going one,beds where good,they clean every other day no ice,no coffee machine ,no cups in room.
bubble_30	Traveled to NYC for Wrestle Mania with partner and friends. Beginning of April.  Great Location for everything you need to see in NYC. Our room was clean and tidy, Very dated and not been decorated in a long time but clean enough. We got clean towels and sheets every other day, Hot Water and powerful enough shower. No plug in the bath but i improvised with some brown paper.  Reminded me of what Faulty  Towers looks like on the TV, but was some what disappointed not to have Manuel there..  My toilet blocked once and my door entry system broke once but they fixed both in no time for me and my partner. The staff were a little miserable, and the cleaners didn't understand what i was saying. Mouse and rat traps under the bed.. But at least they're addressing the problem i guess.  You
bubble_40	My family and I have stayed at Hotel Carter twice, you cannot beat the price. It is definitely a budget hotel. I went to the closest Walgreens and purchased cleaning supplies, after some disinfecting, our stay was really nice. Some have posted maid service comes every other day, we didn't see a maid the entire time we were there. We took our towels down to the lobby to exchange for clean towels without hassle, and took out our own trash.   With the dirty truth being said, the staff are very friendly, the door man was more for entertainment than actual work but made it welcoming to enter the hotel. The location is EXCELLENT! It is in the middle of everything, you can really enjoy your time in the city without the stress of a long travel back to your hotel at the end of the day.
bubble_20	When we checked in our room was disgusting,  peeling paint,  bugs stuck on the dirty walls,  and the worst MOLD EVERYWHERE  in the bathroom.  Called down and asked for a new room,  we asked the man at the desk if all the rooms were that disgusting and would he want to sleep there.  Our next room was ok,  no blankets,  tissues stuffed in where a bathroom doorknob should be but no mold so much better.    The location was great.  Time Square was a half block away on one side.  Easy to get to and from.  The employees were ok,  one woman at the desk was snarky and most of the employees don't speak english.  Would I stay there again???? NO NO NO.  I would spring for less days in a better hotel.
bubble_40	I was at the Carter Hotel during the last Week of March and the first week of April.  This hotel is for sure the best/worst hotel in NYC.  Why I said that? First you have an Hotel with a nice Location, right in the heart of Time Square.  The price cannot be beaten (pay around $90 per night), compare to better hotels in the area.  The thing about Carter is that is in NYC, and not only that, but in Time Square with everything near (right next to the Spiderman show and Cheetahs  haha).   My room was the 1726 with view to the street, so it was a nice room. I took a look under the bed, just for curiosity and was all messed up (not that much cleaning in there).  They did housekeeping every 2 days (did not mind that).  The staff in the Hotel was friendly, from the door man to the
bubble_10	The location is the only thing it had going for it. The rooms were gross (there was a paiir of dirty socks in our room the entire time we were there) and the bathroom door wouldn't stay closed. The doorman also wouldn't open the door for you :( Overall, i was grossed out the entire time I was there
bubble_30	We booked this room on the internet after having read many negative reviews, but decided to take our chances due to budget restrictions. When we arrived we asked to see the room before we actually checked in to see if it was as bad as some of the reviews stated. The staff were only too happy to let us see the room first. We checked and it was old and very basic, but it was clean and what we expected in a hotel of this price category. We stayed in room 1935 which overlooked some airconditioning units for buildings down below. As such it was very noisy with the 'drone' of the aircon day and night. That being said, it was centrally located right at Times Square, and if you're not planning on being in your room very much then it would be a suitable location. The rooms are only
bubble_40	This place is great if you're on a budget. It's 30 seconds from Times Square, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and there's hot water. I'm not sure what more you could ask for from a budget hotel. Our rooms were cleaned on most days and fresh towels were provided.   I'm not giving 5 stars due to some of the plug sockets not working and the bathroom light was missing but this didn't affect our stay at all.
bubble_40	This hotel could not be better situated! It is literally a 30second walk from Times Square which is in the middle of Manhatten so it is so easy to get around. The hotel itself was a little shabby (such as toilet door handles falling off) but our room was cleaned regularly, the bed was huge and comfortable, the shower was very powerful and it was quiet considering we were in the middle of a huge city. This was the cheapest hotel we could find so we were amazed at what good value it was. Would recommend again and again.
bubble_40	Okay, so the reviews on here may not be the best, however for you pay this is a decent place to lay your head. Its clean and decent . No frills and the location could not be better. Ideal for a lads weekend away. Take your partner for a romantic weekend and expect a divorce.
bubble_40	My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights from April 5th to the 7th. Reading the previous reviews, we weren't expecting too much and since we only planned on being there to sleep and clean up, we figured we'd tough it out. But I have to say that everyones experience is just that.... an opinion. We found the room to be old but extremely adequate. Beds were very comfortable with clean sheets. Bathroom was older too but still served its purpose. We had clean towels, soap, and the hot water worked fine. The room had a flatscreen TV with no remote but it was still a working TV with a few local and basic channels. Our room was directly next to the elevator but it wasn't bad at all. And the location in proximity to the rest of NYC can't be topped. In the end, we thought this was a great
bubble_40	Read a lot of reviews bashing this place and in all honesty I was a bit terrified upon arriving. Checked in quick and easy.  The room was not the biggest but who comes to NYC to stay in their room? Bags down, refreshed and then off out. Only time I was in the room was after a long day of sight seeing and walking around Manhattan.  The bed was comfy and big and clean, the shower was brilliant and hot. The tele had some good channels too.  The locations is perfect, I can't stress enough how close this hotel is to some great restaurants like Virgils.   Also the wifi has a charge which was fine, I was on the 16th floor and it was very very fast.  I'll be back very soon
bubble_10	I stayed two nights, April 6-8. One of the electrical sockets was hanging by a thread. There was no remote control to our tv that had all of about 10 channels. No alarm clock. But worst of all, our room wasn't cleaned once and we didn't even have any wash rags.   And one more thing, the bathroom near the lobby hasn't been cleaned in ages. The same dirty over flowed toilets I saw on Saturday the 6th, was even worst on the 8th when we were checking out. I should know, I'm a janitor.  My advice to anyone wanting to save a few dollars but want to be close to Times Square. I suggest Hotel St James. Not as cheap as Hotel Carter, but they at least take some pride in their hotel. Hotel Carter takes absolutely no pride in their hotel. Zero, nada. That hotel is a disgrace.
bubble_10	Just look at the reviews.  Don't stay here.  Rooms disgusting and painfully small.  The best way I could describe the smell of the room was "old urine."  Elevator is so loud from decades of use, every time it ran, we could here it.  Kept us up all night.  Half of the electrical outlets were not in working order.  Shower water at it's WARMEST still took your breath away upon entering.  So forget shaving, let alone being comfortable.  The ONLY positive of this hotel is it's price for it's location.  However, I plead with you to get a hotel outside of Times Square, pay a few more dollards, and just take the subway in.  Terrible stay!
bubble_40	I was a bit apprehensive booking this hotel when I read some of the reviews about it, but expected the worst and was very surprised and pleased with the hotel.  Yes, it is outdated and old fashioned, and there was, one day a lot of rubbish by the lift, but it had gone by the next day.  I also found it quite noisy, but that's not the fault of the hotel - it is literally out the front door and 15 seconds later you are in the middle of Times Square.  The location is fantastic.  The staff were very pleasant and helpful.  I booked a quad room for myself, my friend and my daughter.  We had no towels in the room to start with, but on requesting at reception we were given 6 towels - small, but very clean, white and soft towels.  Rooms cleaned and towels changed every other day.  No
bubble_40	If you are somebody who likes to complain a lot you might not want to stay at this place. To everyone else: please, don't let other people scare you.  Me and my girlfriend booked a room at this hotel because of the good price and the amazing location. After we booked, I read some reviews and got a bit scared because of the stuff people were putting on these websites. But I was glad that there were some people who reassured that it isn't that bad.  So we went (on March 24 2013) and the first night, we noticed that it was actually quite a nice room. But the first night was kinda terrible. I woke up because it was so hot... Turned out that the heating (which I was sleeping next to) was to high and that there was no way turning it of. The only way was to open a window but it didn't
bubble_10	I had a room with an open window. The window would not close. It was the beginning of April and + 3 C. When I asked the staff to fix the window there was a man who came in and tried to duck tape the window shut and failed. Before leaving (window still open) he said "- Ugh, this is a horrible room."  There was blood stains on the wall in the corridor, I found an old tooth brush covered in months of dust under my bed. Bathroom missing tiles. Grimy all over. Plug sockets looked lethal. Do not recommend. Even for the price in relation to location I would never go back. Ever.  (My visit was in March- April 2007, not May 2012 as it says here lower down.)
bubble_40	I've read a couple of reviews and I wonder why most of them are negative. We were the 2 of us.. And we liked our staying here..The staff were very friendly. Okay they only clean every other day. But we didn't bother because we don't have much garbage. Staying in the center if Manhattan for such a low price. I will come back again. We stayed on the 21st floor. It was n't noisy at all. The beds are very good.
bubble_30	This is an older hotel, a stone's throw from Times Square and the Port Authority Terminal (43rd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues)  As other reviewers already said, they clean the rooms every other day, but they make you sign a form that clearly states that fact when you sign in. I didn't mind, I mean, how much garbage can you really have (and how often do you change your sheets and empty the paper basket at home, really?) Sheets and bathroom were clean, that's pretty much all I ask for. I wouldn't trust the carpet though, I kept my socks on for walking in the room.  We were on the 16th floor, facing 43rd Street, and I found it a bit noisy (bring ear plugs if you are really sensitive to noise) and the draperies were not so good at blocking the bright lights of the big city, so
bubble_40	I have read a couple of reviews, and I have to say, people are just plain whiners! i travelled with 3 other friends and we found it pleasing. the price location coefficient is extremely good, you get to stay right In The centre of manhattan, and all for less than 100 dollars!  The Staff was extremely competent and friendly, and the room was big enough for the 4 of us plus our bags.  As for the cleanliness it was decent enough, I mean, this is not the Hilton or Meriot, but for the price they ask its more than fair. We stayed there for 6 days and didn't find anything to worry about. There was hot water and good water pressure.  So, as you see, there is absolutely no reason to worry about anything, unless you're a big whiner just like all the others!
bubble_30	Stayed here with our two teenagers over Spring Break.  This is not a high class hotel with all the bells and whistles and isn't even close to being a 2 star hotel, BUT.... It is a great location and for a roof over our heads it was very sufficient.  We stayed on the 21st floor and found it very quiet.  There are many great restaurants within walking distance. Loved it.
bubble_10	Its the worst hotel i ever stayed at!  my best advice: Dont stay there!!!!  We often travel on budget and are not picky.  we were in NY for a week but only stayed one night. and it was so dirty we slept with all our clothes on!  It was lipstick and normal DIRT on the sheets and it was also a used towel in the bathroom!  there was also only cold water in the shower!  we booked a new hotel the next day and payed less than at hotel carter and the new hotel was GREAT!!!  so dont pay a dime for hotel carter. it might seem cheep and a great deal, but you only end up changing hotel and your trip will be more expencive after alll!  DON't GO THERE!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_20	...or you will pay for one heck of an experience in the city!  My first thought is that this hotel is only #300 something...there are WORSE hotels?   Let's just say you get what you pay for. I've stayed in both and I genuinely don't know what's worse - staying at this hotel or a motel.  Well aside from its prime location in Times Square and its relatively cheap price (compared to other NYC hotels), I say stay away from this hotel! Do your research, and plan ahead - do not fall into the allure of its great price and location.  WHY?  Because, our rooms STANK, we had FOIL as a mirror, the sheets were basically table cloths, and our head board BROKE. Yup, we did experience all this. It was so bad that my friends and I found it AMUSING and now it has become a "funny story."   So if
bubble_30	We had survived a 2012 stay at the Carter without any problems, so went back in March 2013 fully aware of the hotel's shortcomings (cramped rooms, wierd bathroom fixtures, no washcloths). We were pleasantly surprised to find some improvements: 1. There is often a uniformed doorman, and he helped us with our luggage, got us a cab, etc.   2. Sheets and towels looked new. They're still not the greatest quality but they didn't look dingy (still no washcloths, though--what's that even about?) 3. Hot water was quickly available.  The hotel still falls short of being truly comfortable, but it's adequate, safe, and in a great location for seeing plays and getting transportation to anywhere in the city. The real draw is that it's less than half the price of anywhere better, and since I
bubble_40	It was clean, it was safe, it was at Times Square and it was cheap by Manhattan Standards.  Would stay here again.  If you are looking for luxury maybe plan on spending more money but if you want a great location in Midtown that is cheap but clean then stay here.
bubble_10	This was booked for me with a group of friends.  When I got there, the reception was ok but when we got to our room, I immediately refused to stay in there. Firstly there was a really strong smell of paint although the renovations looked like they were not happening and the deco was hideous.  Secondly, there was a massive hole in the wall where the t.v should have been, with all the cables hanging out!  The floors on all the floors were horrible, and I would not walk around barefoot. We complained and got moved room on a different floor, which didn't smell as bad and had no holes in the walls. I was not comfortable sleeping in the beds, I used my own blankets that I had with me.  I would pay the extra money and stay somewhere else.  I have been to NY many times and this was by
bubble_40	After reading the reviews on this site I was almost afraid to check in. What we got was a clean room and a (mostly) hot shower. Overall the place could do with a deep clean but is still acceptable for what it is. A cheap sleep!! Being in New York isn't about being in your hotel room anyway.
bubble_40	I seriously dont know why I was afraid of going to this hotel. After reading all the reviews stating how disgusting and terrible this hotel was, im glad i stuck it out. When we arrived in New York City it was 5am, check in wasn't until 11am, the front desk was kind enough to let us check in early which was wonderful. The parking attendant downstairs was extremely kind and helpful (funny too). We were in a room with 2 full size beds and everything was clean! sheets, beds, carpets, bathroom EVERYTHING. The room even came with a flat screen tv! There was a dresser and a chair in the room, you really don't need a 5 star hotel when your literally staying there to sleep. The beds were comfy, I think the 2 nights i stayed I had the best sleep ever. The staff was very friendly and
bubble_40	The central location just right by the Times square and good price make up for not that nice enviroment. At the end of the day, there are no mice running around and you get clean sheets and room, if you want something extra go somewhere else and pay more!!!
bubble_30	I have stayed at this large hotel in mid town NY now 5 times and i noticed it has improved and renovated the lobby and service from the staff. Although it is an older place with a 1 star rating i enjoy the diverse hotel guests and New York charm - it feels like a movie set with all the characterful individuals and cross section of people ! I recognize the owner of the place - an elderly lady of asian decent Mrs. Hoa and she is omnipresent in the reception , always watching ! The best thing is the LOCATION, 1/2 block off times square on 43 rd St. it is dead center of the city and so easy to walk anywhere.I spend all my time in NY outside of the hotel so a decent bed and quiet are the only thing i really need, which is why i continue to stay at the Carter. It also has anice cheap
bubble_20	brilliant location. can't get better but... horrible management. we stayed there for 5 nights & 6 days. gladly spent as much time as possible outside (even though it was winter then) rather than staying any time inside.  but even the minimal time we spent was miserable.  Management just not courteous. If you go with a enquiry or problem there's always very readymade & negative answer. As if they had heard it all from everyone before. They refused to increase the heating in rooms (the explaination was due to recent hurricae whole of NYC was conserving energey & they are not allowed to increase the heating) Out of 6 days we stayed only once the linen was changed. We requested extra duvets as cold was terrible & the duvets they had kept in our (quadrple room highest priced) wasn't
bubble_30	Even that hotel Carter first allow people to check in at 2 p.m it was not a problem to check in at 10 a.m.   1) The room had a nice new 32" flat screen (without a remote, cause the hotel only had 10 remotes to the hole hotel).  2) It's possible to open the windows in the room on any floor.  3) The room had aircondition  4) The room is only cleaned every other day. This means cleaning, that the bed is made, and there comes new towels.  5) We had problems with the sink and the door to the bathroom. The sink was stopped and the door could not open and close. We told the reception this at the morning, but when we got back in the afternoon, the problems was still there. I talked to the reception, that sent us the "handyman" who fixed the sink and put a new door handle on the door. -
bubble_30	I was worried when I read the reviews of this hotel.  I chose it for the price and location.  Yes, the building is old and the decor has a sort of vintage art deco feel like it hasn't been updated since the 1930s.  But, that's not why you stay in a hotel like this.  The front desk was very helpful to me.  The heat worked in the room.  I was on the 19th floor so it took some time for the water to get warm, but that's to be expected.  The room was clean, the staff were attentive, and the location was unbeatable.  If you're going to New York to enjoy a fine hotel, this isn't the place for you.  This is a hotel for people on a budge in a prime Time Square location.  Your mileage may vary, but I found this hotel to be well worth what I paid to stay here.  My only genuine complaint
bubble_10	I read hundreds of reviews....Everyone was pretty right. Its a very old building nothing fancy at all. Everything in the rooms were very old nothing upgraded for many many many years. No extras to this place...not even a hairdryer in the room. But thats not the problem, because I expected this from everyone elses reviews. The big problem was no running hot water. When I called down to ask about it the lady at the front desk said they were out because of the old building....I would have to wait over an hour for the boilers to rewarm the water. We went out and decided to have one in the evening.that evening again no hot water...the next morning no hot water...that night no hot water. The third morning I couldnt go without a shower again so I went down to the desk and complained
bubble_40	If you are concerned with a nice hotel room, don't even consider this place. If it's your first visit to the Big Apple, forget it. BUT, if you want an unbeatable location at ANY price, and a price that has no competition ANYWHERE in Manhattan, then this is the place.  I have stayed here 5 times. Never any complaint for $100. One block off Times Square, with Spiderman playing right next door, I will stay here again. All Times Square attractions at your feet. Main subway connection one block away. I met a couple on a budget who were staying in New Jersey to get a $100 a night rate. They were so disappointed they didn't know about Hotel Carter. Stumble home on foot without a taxi, from your night on Broadway or some of New York's best restaurants. Perpetually under renovation, some
bubble_40	Its an old typical New York style building, the location is amazing! My husband and i had an amazing time. We stayed on the 22nd floor and had views of time square, which was such a dream come true. The rooms aren't the best but we were out exploring the city all day and going to see shows in the evening, so spent hardly anytime in our room. It was clean and bed was massive and comfortable and as i only paid 450 for 6nights in December we were more than happy! We will definitely use this hotel again on our next visit!  My only tip to the hotel is to leave some cleaning products also a brush and pan in the room so the people who stay for a few nights, like we did, can maintain the cleanliness of the room, if of course they wanted to!
bubble_30	The price was great, the rooms were ok but the location was excellent! Being 1 block away from Time Square was priceless! It's where the action is at both at day and night. The hotel is located where you have access to everything. Which was a definate plus. The hotel rooms were not fancy but they were clean. We were only there to shower and sleep. It was a great value specially with the location!
bubble_10	...In every possible way. Location: next to a gentleman's club. Not safe. They have a "guard" who never even checks hotel keys of people walking in. Room: where to begin. Stained sheets, exposed wires, mold in the fridge, grime everywhere, walls so thin I could hear the elevator coming from floors away, smelled disgusting, no hot water for shower. Not to mention the room hadn't even been cleaned from the previous tenant when they let us go in. No phone, soap was so old it crumbled when I opened the package, and the shampoo was half used. Staff: only interaction was two different people saying "what do you want" to me when when I checked in, then checked out. I can't believe the place has not been shut down for health reasons. Contacted numerous people about the terrible stay
bubble_10	It was very traumatic the experience at this hotel. It looked like a horror movie. Room dirty, sheets with stains and smelled really bad. Ar conditioning making loud noise. My sister called the front desk to ask for clean sheets and they were extremely rude, hang up the phone on her. Later on, a very scary guy that looked like an UFC fighter just knocked on her door and threw the sheets on her. It was the most disrespectful experience ever. For the price, we couldn't complain that much. If you plan not spend money, stay there. Just bring extra sheets for your room and be prepared.
bubble_30	This hotel has a perfect location at Times Square in 43 st. Is not a luxury hotel but just for stay at nights and make tourism at Manhattan it's ok. The first night when we get at the room it doesn't has light but the hotel offer us a better room quickly. The only problem with the new room was that the heater does't work very good.
bubble_10	Woke up to a roach in the morning.  Started looking around and found 2 more roaches the size of my thumb in my room in 15 min.  Went to the front desk and changed rooms and insisted they spray the new room before we entered.  Packed all my stuff and went to the new room.  Then the room key doesn't work so I try to go back to my old room and that key doesn't work either.  Go downstairs again and get in the room finally.  After being completely skieved out I go to take a shower.  Guess what no hot water.  Do not stay here!
bubble_40	Hotel Carter is definitely an average hotel. If you are high maintanance, fufu, or just plain out picky... stay away. But if you are humble, and dont need much, then this is the place for you. My sister and I stayed here because it was the only hotel available at last minute, and we decided to give it a shot. We were pleasantly surprised! The doorman was sweet, the concierge was very helpful, hotel was clean, and I loved that the elevator was VERY FAST! We stayed on the 11th floor, and from the lobby we got easily to our room in less than 30 seconds!! Crazy! Prepare to bring cash to purchase water or snacks in the vending machine in the lobby, very inexpensive. Our room was perfect for us. Our room was clean, the bathroom was clean too, and the bed was super comfy. Housekeeping
bubble_30	Let's face it. The hotel is old and only has cosmetic updates to it. But you can't get this close to Times Square for the price. Our room had a huge king size bed. The sheets were clean, no bugs. For some reason the closet was almost as big as the bathroom. The headboard looked new while the night table was old with no handle. The bathroom was clean except for the rust around the drain in the tub. The air conditioner worked poorly but it was September so the temperature outside was great. The front desk staff were average and the guy handling the luggage storage was very friendly. The elevators were fast moving. Had to go to the end of the block to find a cab. Stay here if you travel on the cheap or with some friends. I might not stay here if I had young children.
bubble_10	They say first impressions are everything..Well if your body does not tingle or cringe when you first walk into the lobby of this hotel, then you would love the Bates Hotel. At first I really tried to over look my feelings, after checking into my room, I had a panic attack of feeling unsafe, so I checked right the Hell out of there!!!  Thank God for charge cards...lol, And YES you do have the right to judge a book by its cover!!!
bubble_10	Don't stay here if you are planning to shower.  Don't stay here if you are planning to sleep.  if you choose to stay here be sure to place all your belongings on the furniture and away from the walls.  Do not take any food into your room unless you are planning to feed the bugs.  I read all the reviews and thought I was prepared for what I experienced....NOT!
bubble_40	My wife and I have stayed at the Hotel Carter several times over the years, never having a problem and just booked another weekend stay for this summer. My last visit was in May 2011 from which I included some pictures.  Do NOT believe all the doom and gloom some people post about this hotel. Is the decor and furnishings old and rundown in most rooms? Sure, but the Hotel Carter is clean, safe, and inexpensive with a great location.  When you're in NYC you shouldn't be hanging around in a hotel room. You should be out enjoying the restaurants, theaters, bars, entertainment and all the other sites that this great city has to offer. I am only in my room to sleep and by staying at the Carter I have an extra 1-2 hundred dollars in my pocket each day to spend actually enjoying the
bubble_20	This place do not have a lift to lobby, so have to carry our luggage using the stair case. We had heavy stuff. Lift starts from floor having the lobby. Very old place and seems like not properly maintained. Lock broken in the bathroom. Stains in the tub and shower curtain. Even the bed covers look dirty. Even drawers broken. Only good thing is the location, most of the places are quite nearby just walking distance. Ok, to stay one night if u need to cover whole area fast and cheap compared to other places. But bring your bed sheets and towels.
bubble_20	We choosed it because of it's location (3 minutes from Times Square) and price - it's very cheap for Manhattan. We knew about the quality but location / price were more important for us.  Good: location, price, they made a check-in at 10-00am. The room was rather clean, better than we expected. Good sheets, warm, conditioner worked.  Bad: The interior of the hotel could scare because it seems to be very-very old and even acient. A lot of rubbish in the coridors, we've never seen it to be cleaned. It can be overbooked so it;s better to come as early as possible to receive your room or pay in advance.
bubble_30	Stayed at the Carter Hotel in May 2012, the rooms were clean and tidy, nothing special so dont expect much and you wont be dissapointed, excellent location for the price, nice little 24hr deli at the entrance to the hotel, you only need a bed to sleep in in New York, you dont spend all day in the hotel. Was quite happy with our experience at the Carter, and have booked to go back in Nov 2013..Lorraine Wall, Port Talbot, UK..
bubble_10	After 6 times at Carter Hotel, hotel I used to love for its location, I am very very very disappointed. We were staying there in december. Last nighty they had problems with the water supply. No water the whole night. In the morning, the old lady at reception told us "we don't know, we hope this afternoon will be solved", she barely looked at us while answering in a very bad english. When we came back at 6pm (we had to leave to Europe at this time), water supply was still not fixed. I had to make a scene, just for being able to access the room and at least have a cold shower with the water coming out from the sink (no shower). The recepcionists did not help us in any way, the told us "we can't do nothing, the manager is not here". I didnt have any kind of discount, just the
bubble_40	My mother and i stayed here August 2012. After many hours surfing the Internet she kept coming back to Hotel Carter for location and price. Granted if you read all the reviews some travelers photos might scare you so we went in with a realistic anticipation of what we might encounter. Upon arrival the lobby prepares you for what lies ahead. It is dated and well used. The thing I loved about this hotel is it doesn't pretend to be something it's not. You know what to expect and are not surprised by anything. A set of stairs in the entrance will greet you and your overstuffed luggage so be ready to do some heavy lifting. If arrive early they will hold your bags for $3 bucks a bag. I tipped the employee and he was pleasantly surprised. I wouldn't leave valuables here as the location
bubble_30	that's it! but do not expect a fancy hotel very clean with a lot of facilities. It's one of the cheapest hotels in the neighboorhood, and you're a half block away from the Times Squares! you'll not find another hotel that close with that price.  so, almost all of what you read here in the reviews are true. BUT, if you want better installations and facilities, just pay more for it, simple as that!  But if you don't mind to stay in a honest hotel without too much stuff on the rooms, you're more interested in the location, here's the place.
bubble_40	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Carter back in November for 2 nights while we visited the Big Apple for a mini vacation. The hotel has an amazing location which is close to Times Square. Room is out of date but comfortable .... we even got an upgrade upon check-in to a king size bed! We did not spend a lot of time in the room except to sleep so the price that we paid was excellent for what we used the room for. The money we saved on the room allowed us to see a show on Broadway, take a Pedi-cab thru Central Park and ride the ferry to see the Statue of Liberty. We would definitely stay at the Hotel Carter when we return to New York City! Thanks so much to the staff for their great customer service.
bubble_40	We just had one night and 2 days in NYC and we wanted to be in the thick of things but at a tight budget and Carter was a perfect answer... ofcourse dont expect any services and expect very small rooms , just abt the size of the bed but the location and price more than make up for that as everything else was atleast 3 times more expensive in times square. so go for it and if you are group of boys you are going to have a great time.. if you are a couple with a 'complaining' better half then this is not the right place for you as there will be lots of things that might not be in order for you.
bubble_30	We recently stayed here over New year. Firstly I must stress the amazing location of this hotel. It's a 40 second walk away from where the main area of Times Square is which was just perfect. There was no need to worry about getting transport back to the hotel as we was right in the centre of New York and the city literally does never sleep. We arrived anxiously after reading several other reviews so we wasn't expecting much. We knew that we would only be in the room to sleep and shower which is exactly what it is good for. We had a very large king size bed, 32inch tv and a bathroom with shower and toilet - all the basics we needed. The room view was poor as it was looking at two different walls but we wasn't there to see the room view at the end of the day. The rooms heating
bubble_40	After reading a lot of reviews, I was quite hesitant about this hotel. I followed other reviews for other hotels in america, and had been very let down, and this by far had the worst review. But, overall, was very happy. My sister and I are both in our 20's, and decided to venture from Oz to the US for a bit of fun. we knew that we couldn't afford a great place in NY, and decided that we would prefer to be close and have crappy accommodation, than to be in a nice place, ages away. Carter was brilliant value for money. It is right in the centre of times square, you honestly couldn't get closer if you tried. Rooms were cleaned daily, and we felt safe the entire time. The bathroom was filthy (mould), but it was something that really didn't bother you, as you were never there. the
bubble_30	We stayed at Hotel Carter Jan 12-14. I read all of the reviews and I was concerned after reading some of the bad ones. But, we figured we weren't going to be in the room much, only to sleep, and the price was right.   We had never been to NYC and didn't know what to expect. We had planned on driving around to view some of the sights that were a little far. But when we arrived we had to park our car and weren't able to get it out until we left at $35 a day.   The room was small, but clean. Two beds were tight together. One dresser with a tv, a walk in closet, and a small bathroom. Definitely not 5 star, but steps from Times Square at $129 a night? It was a steal.   Yes the store connected to the hotel does have reasonably priced food. Breakfast sandwiches are awesome! BUT....a
bubble_40	I was very nervous after reading the reviews, but for goodness sake, it was fine.  Okay, so they only make your room up every other day, you have to ask for a hairdryer etc but what spoiled bunnies some of the reviewers are on here are.  The shower took a little time to run hot, but I persevered and eventually had to turn it down as it was too hot.  There was shampoo/soap etc in the room. My room was quite clean enough - and I am fussy about that. Great television - my remote control was missing and they brought it up within 10 minutes of requesting it.  I have stayed in far worse hotels than this in Europe and Asia.  By the way, the staff on the desk were absolutely wonderful.  I became extremely ill and landed in hospital during my stay in New York and they couldn't have been
bubble_10	If you want to be right in the middle of times square - this place definitely gets the credit for perfect location! when i checked in, I had to call the reception to come up and get the dirty towel full of hair out of the room. you can imagine how it felt to sleep in that bed having doubts whether the sheets ever been changed! staff are nice, but the room is so tiny you hardly turn around, outdated premises of the hotel wish to be better and for sure need to be upgraded ASAP. walking through the corridors makes you feel you are in early 60s. don't trust the hotel photos - nothing even close to what you see on the pictures!!!
bubble_40	Frankly saying I was scare after reading reviews of this hotel. But it was really good. Firstly the hotel is perfectly located, close to everything  transport, restaurants, shops and entertainments.  The room was cleaned every day, towels and linen were changed every day, and hot water is available all day round. No rats, no bad bugs. Just light noise coming from streets. Staff is more-less friendly but that is ok.   I would recommend staying there without hesitating.
bubble_40	Staff could not have been nicer.Few gliches.Toilet was running when we got there.But they had someone come and fix it within a few hours. Rooms are small but I didn't go to NYC to stay in my hotel room. Very Clean!Location of hotel is perfect!And the little store beside the hotel has good,cheap food.
bubble_40	I went with a group and read all the reviews after booking, so I was SCARED. I even brought bug killers and my own pillow cases/sheets. However, this place was much better than expected, and for the price, very very good. I mean, it is walking distance (less than 5 minutes) to the 42nd Street, it is very centric and it is clean for what I expected. Yes, it's not the fanciest, cleaniest or best hotel out there, but they're extremely "cheap" compared to other hotels in the area and I've seen worst.   My room was clean, the bathroom, even though it had some "mold" in the ceiling, was also clean and they seem to clean the room everyday. Nobody else in my group had any problems and we really enjoyed our stay. If you plan on doing a budget travel, and doesn't want to stay at a hostel,
bubble_40	I was so unsure when I booked this hotel because of the bad reviews I read everywhere but I was in a tight budget so I just took the chance. When I first entered the room I looked around it to see if I would find any kind of animals that people talk about. There was nothing. The room was not big but who cares? You are in New York, steps from Times Square which was a great thing, especially for me who travelled with two kids. You can go back and for to the hotel anytime you want. We spent New Years Eve there and it was crazy!!!! Good thing we were near Times Square. Showers worked just fine, hot water, heating was working well. They didnt clean the room everyday but I really dont care about that. If I needed towels I would just ask the lady or go to the lobby and they would
bubble_10	No warm water to take a shower from 8 to 12 am in the morning. Sheets and blankets have like a 100 years old. And dirty (semen) The bath tub floods up to 10 inches !  No attencion from the hotel personel. If you need towels you have to go down to the lobby! Naked and wet!  If you are carring 5 luggage theres no one to help you , they see ypu falling with every thing but they dont help you. The cleaning lady works like this... One day yes , one day no, one day yes.. But....! She only fixes the bed! The carpet stays dirty till the day you leave! And she knokes at 8 am in the morning (january 1rst) you answer later please im sleeping! And she says ... If its not now ... Its never ! Lol ! Awesome! No safe box in the room and they say they are not responsable for anything!  The
bubble_20	It was my first time in NY and I didn't want to spend a lot of money in a hotel, so I picked Carter. I know I can't expect too much for an one star hotel, but I never thought I would be mistreated. Before I get there I called Carter Hotel to confirm my reservation and to ask if they receive packages bought online. They said yes. but with a cost of 2 dollars each package. This was september. I got there in november. When I arrived I asked in the lobby how was the proceeder to get my packages. If they use to call the room or if I should ask for them everyday. And for my surprise they said they weren't receiving packages anymore. I told I called in september, but they said they change there policy on october. I asked why they didn't send an email to those with reservation and they
bubble_30	Me and my sister (2 women) stayed here for 6 nights at the end of November. The location is truely amazing. The room had issues (Broken Mirror, Toilet valve leaking water, Electrical wires on the floor), but we both agreed that the price was worth staying at the budget hotel. The bed was very comfortable, the shower was hot, and the fan for the air condition/heater worked, so what more do you really need. We left our room at 8:00am every day, and didn't get back until 11:00pm, so you're not even using the room.  It was very safe walking from our room to Broadway at night. We walked down to Rockefeller Center and Bryant Park at night, and felt very safe.  I'm going back to NYC in September to spend more time at Central Park. Planning to staying at Hotel Carter again for 7 nights,
bubble_30	The hotel is very basic, two beds, TV-set, little space for the luggage,very old painting on the walls. We stopped there twice in October- on the way to and from Washington D.C. The price was 2-3 times lower than at the other modest hotels in NY with shared bath. We were scared to stop there given the reviews on the site. On our first night  at the Carter we were even pleasantly surprised as our room on the 22nd floor was rather spacious, quiet, the bathroom big and clean. The TV was modern and we talked on the phone with our friends. The location is the best in NY. It's in the theatre district, 2 steps from Times Square. On our way back we were given much smaller room with very old unstable beds and dark grey walls, tiny bathroom. But still if you are not going to stay there
bubble_20	Where do I start, great great location, 1 block away from Times Square, turn the corner for 40th street, BUT for the most part the hotel is old, remodeling most of the rooms, whereby it's a flatscreen tv, but that's it!!     If you stay for more than 1 night, cleaning service DOES NOT COME TO CHANGE YOUR TOWELS!   Most of the front desk staff are very rude, and unprofessional.  Halls of each floor (even the remodeled floors), are old and dingy, limited lighting, it's just terrible, BUT for the price you relaly can't beat it!!   That's if you don't mind above mentioned issues
bubble_40	This hotel was everything my wife and I needed. (a place to sleep and shower). The price and location out weighed any negative and was not as bad as most reviewed. We stayed 5 nights and our room was cleaned everyday, the staff was very nice and went out of there way to make our stay great.  The room was small but who cares , you don't go on vacation to hang out in your room. I think people need to get over themselves. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I will be back. At this price I will be back often. Our trip was 12/14/2012 to 12/19/2012 Greg M.   Louisiana
bubble_40	I went to New York with my friend in october this year. After searching all over the internet after a cheap hotell in New York we landed on hotel carter. After reading a lot of bad reviews we were a little bit scared of what waited us when we arrived. But really, this hotel was ok. Great location, there is walking distance to everything. Subway os right around the corner and only 1 min walk from the hotel to times square. Amazing lokaction! I recomend this hotel to people who want a cheap hotel and to not care if the rooms are not big. The cleanliness in the hotel is good and the cleaning lady came every day changing towls and making the bed. I will stay here again when i come back to new york.
bubble_20	Wow, Hotel Carter was so trashy all we could do was laugh about it. We get in the room, it is TINY. There is a chair in the corner of the room that you have to squeeze between it and the bed to get to the bathroom. No remote for the TV. Mold all over the bathroom wall. We found a blood stain on the pillow case and it had soaked through to the pillow, so who knows what was up with that. It was scary. Oh and when we told them about it they said, "Oh I'm sorry, here is a new fluffy pillow." We stayed for 4 nights, and the cleaning person came in only once during our stay, and the only thing they did was make our bed. We had to go down to the front desk ourselves to get clean towels. There were no wash cloths, just towels. We also had to go down there to get toilet paper. We had to
bubble_20	I've stayed in this Hotel several times and the only reason i came back there was the price, but after my last visit i'm not going to come back. Each floor has several rooms which are close to the elevator,If you are coming to this hotel make sure that you do not get a room near the elevator.  After a long day in New York you will probably want to sleep well and in these room you won't be able to do that because of the noise of all the people using the elevator, I stayed in these room for one night and after a really horrible night i asked from the guy at the reception to change it. Anothe thing that really bad about the hotel is the fact that they have 3 elevators for 600 rooms, and at the morning it takes forever to get a free elevator, on our last day we were waiting over 25
bubble_20	I couldn't have asked for a better location and price, but those were the only good things about this hotel. We stayed for only one night so we didn't really care too much at first about the appearance of the hotel, as long as it was clean. The sheets did appear to be clean, however, the next morning I had a rash all over my arms, chest, and back. The bed was hard and uncomfortable which woke me up multiple times during the night. The rooms were simple which was fine because we didn't spend very much time in the room. Overall, if we visit NYC again, I'll probably spend a little more to stay in a more comfortable room.
bubble_10	We spent a wonderful but quick weekend in Manhattan, primarily to see the Nutcracker at Lincoln Center (fabulous), Rockefeller Center at night (packed but beautiful) and eat our way through our favs (Carnegie Deli, Ray's Pizza, Brooklyn Diner). Our base of operations was Hotel Carter for one night. We had seen the reviews online and decided to roll the dice on this since it was a) one night, b) cheap, c) great location. Well we came up snake eyes.   After asking for a "renovated room" we got a "sure, no problem" from the clerk. After taking our money we got our keys and headed up to Room 1024. Yikes! Mildew on the ceiling in the bathroom, a really crappy paint job, dingy carpets, no extra plugs, hastily stuffed in AC unit in the window, mostly dusty and dingy room. So much for
bubble_40	Someone else on tripadvisor recently wrote a review not to buy into the negativity about this hotel! Fact.  The good bits:  Its location is absolutely perfect, you can see Times Square from the door Its bed lined & towels are spotlessly clean & Its cheap as chips   But you get what you pay for  Do NOT expect luxury Do NOT expect spacious rooms Do NOT expect to see staff everywhere  6 30something of us girls were on a shopping trip in NY & stayed here. We were there during the 'Hotel Carter Water Crisis'. We had cool water, no water & the brown rusty water during our stay but managed just fine, we figured if this is all that is wrong then it's fine & we made do. We got $50 per room refund on checkout. We found the staff helpful & friendly, felt very safe & our room was clean.
bubble_30	I had read many of the reviews before my stay at Hotel Carter so I was a bit apprehensive about what the room would be like.  On arrival we asked for an renovated room and was told that we would need to wait an extra hour to get one, which was fine as we left our luggage in the lobby and set off sight seeing.  The room we got (1512) was fine, it smelt of paint so it looked like it had been renovated.  The bathroom was clean and towels were provided.  The tv cable was not long enough to reach the socket so we couldn't watch tv but that was no loss.    The room could have done with a chair and somewhere to put our clothes as there was only one hanger in the closet to hang anything from.    Other than that the hotel was in a great location, easy to find and the staff were helpful.
bubble_40	Booked on short notice for one night, specifically for the location and price. The room on 4th floor was perhaps beyond basic but immaculately clean and had everything I realistically needed (no hairdryer, BYO). Everybody on the staff was helpful and efficient. Secure luggage storage, if you need it, is $2 per piece. Wifi and/or internet pay machines in the lobby. Concierge in the lobby. Breakfast either in the same bldg at street level or multiple locations, incl. Europa Cafe and Starbucks within one block. If you need this location and can't/don't want to pay Westin Hotel prices (next door), this is a safe place. Walking distance to many theatres, and to the Port Authority buses to airports (just around the corner).
bubble_10	we had the worst ever experience with this hotel, we arrived Friday 7th December and was given a room which wasn't nice at all, the bathroom ceiling had mould/damp all in the right hand corner, the bed had bed bugs which resulted in both of us being bitten. The curtains were filthy and had stains on them. On the second day of our stay we got a shower at 7am, went out for the whole day to come back and find we had no running water whatsoever. We left this issue until 7am Sunday morning as when we woke we still had nothing, our toilet also overflowed with filthy water. When I spoke to the reception desk they told me it would be fixed within the hour, they gave me 2 cups of water just so that we could brush our teeth. We went out all day Sunday to find still we had no water,
bubble_50	Was expecting the worse to be honest and i was sat in the taxi from jfk with things running through my mind what would i do if it was that bad , im not going to lie and say the carter was 5 star which it certainly isnt , but the beds was clean , clean sheets etc , bathroom was basic but adequete , check in was fast and simple . yes the hotel is basic and shabby around the edges , but if you go with a open mind and just remember the price you payed you will be fine , i searched and searched for hotels and even hostels and you just cant get a central hotel for the cost you pay at the carter , im so glad i didnt cancel my reservation . the location is literally a few minutes walk from Times Square , i stayed in a room on the 4th Floor and it wasnt to loud , had no problems at all
bubble_30	The hotel was in a good location, right by Times square. First impressions were the hotel could have done with refurbishment, and we were told works were ongoing. We were put in room 611 which was a "refubished" room, but it was still just basic, the sheets were clean and we had clean towels. The room had a beeping noise every so often, which when we complained was told it was the smoke alarm which had fallen between the walls when the room was being refurbed and they either made holes in the wall to try and find it or wait for the batteries to die - so they chose the latter !! Needless to say, we moved rooms to 604 which was to the same standard as the first. The reception staff did not seem friendly, and were not very helpful.  Whilst we were there the guests tended to be more
bubble_10	Fellow brits, this hotel is a disgrace!!! On arrival we were sent to our room (429) and to be honest i would not have sent my dog there to sleep, I think they give you horrible rooms so you have to upgrade to a refurbished room like most on trip advisor say to ask for and even these rooms were below average, i.e mould on bathroom walls, no plug in bath, a broken bed and no hot water let alone cold water for one day. The hotel is DIRTY DIRTY DORTY DORTY DIRTY. Cost me 75 dollars to upgrade.  There is a shop like on the Professional photos, the man in the shop tries to rip you off and tried to charge me 15.00 for 3 cans on budweiser, also the photos look good but believe me the hotel is disgusting.   On the plus side it is cheap as chips hence why it attracts young and roudy
bubble_10	You Get what you pay, but this was Not Good.  We arrived Thursday and arrived in our room, which had no heat, a crack at the window and a shower curtain nailed over the window in the shower.  One of our windows had a rope across the top and one curtain hanging from it with two hooks.  It would not stretch across the window.  We noticed the bed was sloped and found out that the frame was broken.  We called the front desk and we were told they are in the middle of remodeling, which we used this hotel in July and were told the same thing.  We jacked up the bed, requested a blanket, which we were told that if we went to the front desk and they had any left, we could have one.  We did get one.  On Friday we noticed little to no water pressure.  Saturday it barely dripped, and By
bubble_40	Do your due diligence before coming and you won't be shocked. I knew what to expect by doing some research. Last time my wife and I came to NYC, I spent 3  times more for our hotel, and found it very basic. So expecting the worst but ready to save some money, I brought cleaning material and our own sets of sheets based off of reviews, but really didn't need any of them.  When we checked in to the room, I was concerned when I found that the room door was left open. Luckily, there were no homeless people or dead hookers under the beds! I was pleasantly surprised with the condition of everything. There were some items on the floor which showed that vacuuming was lacking, but everything else was pretty clean. We were in one of the renovated rooms which helped. For the positives;
bubble_30	just got back from New York & have to say the hotel was good. after reading reviews before we went I was a little apprehensive about what we would find. we had 2 twin rooms for the 4 of us, the rooms had 2 double beds in each room, there wasnt a lot of room for anything else except a console table  & a bedside table, but the beds were clean & very comfortable so no complaints there. the heating was on & the rooms got a little warm but had air-con so that helped. all I would recommend is that you take your own bath towel as the hotel ones are more like hand towels. great location just off Times Square so central for everything
bubble_20	Well, you get what you pay for. I had a rat in the room of the wall which kept making noises all night long. I had a cockroach in my bathroom. The bed was dirty. But seeing as i was a broke college student, i didn't care that much. The place was ideally located and at $160 for 4 people during thanksgiving, it was in my budget. Its right beside Time Square and Broadway. So if you are looking for a place to  sleep for 5hrs a day, then this is the place.
bubble_40	I have stayed at this hotel twice. The first time was May of 2010 and it was just my husband and I. This time we went July 2012 and I took my daughter for her 16th birthday. We went with two other moms and 3 daughters. This hotel is not the Westen but it did what we needed it to do, and that was provide a place to sleep, shower and change. We were too busy seeing New York to spend much time in our hotel. The second time I went, I saw areas where the hotel was making improvements. When there in July, the staff was great! We had two rooms reserved. we asked if they could put our rooms together so the girls could be together. They did us even better, they offered us a set of rooms that were joined together. They only had one bathroom, and one door from the outside, but it put us
bubble_30	If you are on a budget and need a clean and safe room, hotel Carter is a very good choice. It is clean, safe, has a good location and reasonable price. The only thing we were not prepared to is that they do not provide towels but for 150 USD per night in the heart of New York city you can hardly complain about towels, just be prepared to have your own towels.
bubble_20	ive just come back fron stayin at this hotel to be honest i was scared of stayin there after reading some of the reviews.... but after travelling for nearly to days needed a sleep so wen mornin came woke to find we were right in the heart of it ideal location five star for location but the hotel needs a good overhaul a revamp i.e painting,carpets,bedding the cleaners are not good at there jobs for times had to report at recepition rubbish underbeds from people who were in room from us so if the owners of carter hotel read these comments do yr self a favour revamp hotel.
bubble_30	Four of us recently stayed in a quad room at Hotel Carter and it really wasn't that bad. We didn't have high expectations going in, and it actually seemed to be pretty decent. For such a great price and location, I would highly recommend staying here. Then you'll have more cash for shows, drinks, and Chinatown!
bubble_30	As others have mentioned, we were worried about this hotel after reading some bad reviews.  We were only staying one night after a concert and was looking for location and affordability; not a 5 star hotel as we would not be in the room for long.   The room was not a renovated room but it was clean.  The bathroom was clean and had plenty of towels.  The only really bad problem we had that was worth complaining about were the pipes knocking in the morning when others in the building were running water.  That was an unpleasant sound to wake up to at 6am.  Other than that, it was an o.k. stay.   Hotel is walking distance from practically everything in Times Square.  Not bad for the price you pay.   Don't go expecting a lot...go open minded and have fun in New York!
bubble_20	I booked in with my daughter for three nights. (Mum & daughter NYC trip). The room was cold and had an overpowering smell of strong cleaning fluid or some knd of chemical. I requested a room change which the reception staff were not happy about. The substitute room smelt of smoke but at least was warm. The room was grubby, there was mildew on the bathroom walls and overall the standard was very poor. However rate was very cheap, sheets and towels very clean and as we only planned to use the room to sleep in for a few hours each night we decided to accept the substitute room. However on the second night the room was unbearably hot and we discovered the  radiator had no temperature control. Then to our horror we spotted a cockroach running across the bedroom wall !! On
bubble_40	We headed to this hotel open minded after reding the dreadful reviews, and were pleasantly surprised. At reception I did ask for a renovated room as I knew some were better than others, and was told that as I was staying for a week I was already given a new room, so please be aware the rooms are of very different standard but my impression was well over half of the hotel had now been renovated.  Our room was small but very clean, bathroom was equiped, although the sink water was a little slow, but fine other than that. Our bedroom was cleaned and sheets and towels changed every other day which suited us. The corridor could have done with vacuuming a little more often but was not that bad, afterall we weren't. Sleeping in the corridor. The hotel is in an amazing location,
bubble_50	Just back from New York, stayed in hotel carter and really don't know why all the bad reviews were given. Hotel was not filthy but very clean, clean towels, sheets. Location was A+ walk out the door to Times Square. No problems recommending it and I will be going back next year to hotel carter..
bubble_40	Stayed here after booking on Internet - some trepidation after seeing reviews. No need to have worried. Room was dated but clean, new and very comfortable mattresses with bedding changed 3 times in our 5 day stay.  Bathroom was clean but dated. Hot water every day no matter what time we took a shower and the room was always superbly warm (even on the days when the outside temperature was close to freezing).  Location was great - close to Times Sq but not too noisy (it is in a city for goodness sake). Staff were attentive when needed but not intrusive.  Great budget hotel - much better than some 3 star hotels I've stayed in within the UK.  Definitely booking again for our next stay.
bubble_30	I wanted room for 1 night, walking distance from/to Port Authority bus terminal and theatre on the 45 street. The price, location and own bathroom was important for me. The choice was ok for this reason. Nothing exciting,but nothing too bad. Charge for internet connection and wifi.If you dont want to pay it, Mc. Donalds around the corner is a good option.
bubble_10	Can't get much closer to Times Sq without spending a lot more.  You really must want to be in Times Sq to stay here though.  We complained about our rooms as soon as we got them and the staff were not going to change rooms until I raised my voice, mentioned trip advisor and said I was going to stand outside and tell everyone not to go in.  There is a sign in reception saying you must ask for a refund within 10min of checking in, tells it own story.  Bare wires, no coffee facilities, cupboards with no doors and dirty!  Probably would stay further out next time and just travel in on the Subway or bus.
bubble_30	We would stay again, older hotel partially renovated, halls are sprinklered, 2 exit stairwells.  Clean crisp sheets, clean towells, no mold or mildew, no bedbugs or insects seen, no wash cloths, no appliances or clock, sparsely furnished room, close to a hostel experience but you have own bathroom, very high % european/foreign guests, very close to Times Square, the deli attached to lobby entrance had great food at reasonable prices, parking garage was attached and another across the street.  This is a value hotel for travelers on a budget.
bubble_20	Hotel location is very good just at Times Square and close to subway....but other than that nothing to enjoy. Rooms are very small just to fit in, you can see pipes in the bathroom, not very clean, staff at reception is not very cordial. they will spend 2 hours to satisfy one customer ignoring the line. I came from 16 hrs flight and they make me stand for 1 hour at reception. Only person will handle the check in other staff will just watch. Good to stay at low cost near times square. Old tvs.
bubble_40	First i would like to say, figure out what is most important while you travel, lux or convenience...We travelled from nov 23 to 25 2012. Yes it is an old hotel but the size of our room was better than previous hotels AND you have a private bathroom compared to hostels which is you only other alternative to pay so little during a holiday weekend. Don't forget, there is a difference between an old hotel and a dirty hotel. The bed was NOT dirty and nor did it have bed bugs. Lets be real, if you are paying less than $125, what do you want? A 5 star? In New York? get real! I am not saying it did not happen to anyone but realistically speaking, you realize you can have an equally bad experience in a 5 star hotel right? just so we are clear that bad things don't only happen in old
bubble_30	Let me start by saying that this hotel is not for everyone.  If you want something fancy, go someplace else.  If you just want a great location, warm water, and a bed to sleep in, all for a cheap price, then this is the place for you.  I stayed here for 4 days with my younger sister, and everything was ok.  I wasn't expecting too much, since I had read the reviews.  I knew what I had booked.  When I looked for hotels, location and price was the most important thing; and I got it when I booked this hotel.  The location is EXCELLENT.  It's literally less than a block from the center of Times Square (and you can't beat that for 99 bucks a night). Since I was alone with my sister, this location turned out to be very convenient, because we didn't have to take trains or taxis at night
bubble_30	Fine if you are looking for a great location right near Times Square, a place to sleep, and don't care about amenities.  The price is right and the sheets are small for the bed, but they are clean and actually crisp. No towel racks, but no bed-bugs either. Would not take fussy friends or family here, but it works well if all you need is a bed for a few hours of sleep.
bubble_10	this hotel was terrible, the image above needs changing, they now have plastic barrier in place (probably as protection against the clients staying)  it was like a back pack hostel in a 3rd world country.  our room on the 9th floor was dirty, the original beds i think from when the hotel was built, our bathroom was disgusting, and the basin cracked, and the bathroom cabinet - painted over so many times, and again the mirror was damaged, water was warm at best, toilet was old.  flat screen tv on the wall looked so out of place it was the only new thing in the room - no chair to sit on.  the worst part was waking up early in the morning, and feeling the lumps on my face arms and shoulders, legs from the BED BUGS !!!! my son was covered too.  we came down to the lobby and asked
bubble_40	The Hotel Carter is what it is.  Dated and not the cleanest place you will stay but the sheets are clean, the water is warm, a place to sleep and close to everything.  I stayed 4 nights last year in October and 5 nights this year.  If I am back in NYC with friends or by myself this will be where I stay.  If I am with my wife and children we would look for a better place.
bubble_30	Washroom sucks,tv song have remote control,not satisfied with the room coz I had a high expectation...poor...the only think that make us feel good staying is the location.its very convenient.the the washroom is leaking.the lavatory is clogging,no garbage bin in the room only on the washroom.
bubble_40	Very old hotel, probably 50 coats of paint on the wall. But its clean, tv was nice, only4 channels but you don't go to nyc to watch tv. Don't use the travel people in the lobby. Very pricey. But overall great place.
bubble_30	I stayed there for 2 weeks. Lets just say the service was poor. Night time clerk dosnt speak English. Room phone didn't work. Asked for replacement due pregnant fiance back home. Never got a new one. The pay phone downstairs didnt work.The shower didn't work. The water was always milky. Room maids just open your door even if you tell them not today thanks. Was on the toilet. The maid knocked on the door so I say no thanks so they walk in and open the toilet door ha ha. The elevators are slow and very old. There was a note on the elevator door stating that if anymore then 5 people it would break. The good thing there is a little food shop down stairs. The food is great. Service was good for me. the selection of food was good.Got to know the guys down there and were nice people.
bubble_40	I took my teenage daughter here for 3 nights and wasn't expecting much for under 100 bucks, thus I was pleasantly surprised.  I had one of the renovated rooms with 2 huge beds.  Yes ~ the place is certainly rough around the edges but it was pretty clean, large and comfortable.  We also had a very clear flatscreen which got about 13 good channels.      The location couldn't be better.  Literally.  Hundreds of restaurants, theaters and entertainment within a 10 minute walk.  There is also a tiny restaurant with a few seats just off  the lobby so I was able to pick myself up breakfast in bed for $3.99 ~ 2 eggs, bacon, home fries and toast !!       The staff was all extremely nice to me ~ from the front desk to the maid. The front desk staff were EXTREMELY helpful.      There were
bubble_40	Expectations: lowest possible!!!! But when I came here (yes, I'm at the hotel) I have a great surprise.  The hotel is old? Yes... but is amazing for the price that I paid in an awesome location.   Ok, the bathroom is very, very old. Lots of black humidity spots. Lots... but the shower is hot enough to support the low temperatures ("thanks" hurricane Sandy!). So, the bathroom is old, ugly, but functional!  Bedbugs? No. Insects? No. Rats? No. They clean your room and change the towels every two days? Yes... but, be reasonable... do you change your towels and pillows every day at home? If it is the price to pay for a small hotel diary, I'm in!  I prefer spent my money in something else then a room. So, I will stay here again with no doubts.
bubble_40	The hotel is old and the rooms are very basic but the location is amazing! It's right in the heart of times square. You don't spend much time in the room anyway when you go to NYC so its definitely worth it. The hotel staff was also very friendly.
bubble_40	I've stayed at Hotel Carter twice now and highly recommend it to the savvy traveler. Its right in Times Square and is a great value. You can walk out the door and restaurants, bars, theaters and shopping are just steps away. Don't expect anything fancy - this place is bare bones, no frills! But if you're on vacation, why would you want to spend much time in your hotel? This place is a great hotel for those who plan on seeing the sights all day and don't need a fancy hotel. I'd rather spend my money on other things! There's a 24 hour deli connected to the lobby and its a great place to grab a soda and sandwich while on the go.
bubble_10	Friends pick this hotel because of the price. The location couldn't be better, central to everything. There is a sign at registration stating that you have 10 minutes to check out your room after that you will be charged for the night even if you don't stay. That sign alone says it all!!!!! Very old hotel, which doesn't bother me but it is a very dirty hotel and broken down. Smelly, dirty, bathroom door if you shut it, you had to get someone on the other side to let you out. No remote for t.v., phone doesn't work, dresser missing drawers, bedspread had very large holes,no washcloths, no soap. Overall the room looked like it needed a good cleaning. Didn't find any bedbugs and believe me we did pull the bed apart and look. You don't go to NYC to stay in the hotel room however it
bubble_10	This is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in for amenities and standards however the location does make up for it somewhat. We stayed on the 8th floor, in the room was a very comfortable bed, small cupboard with 3 hangers, large marble topped desk (no chair) 2 old mirrors and a small shower room that suffered with mould / damp. The radiator only half worked and had been painted over so many times was as useful as a chocolate tea cup.  This was November, Hurricane Sandy had just been and we were in the middle of a bad NE so we needed warmth in the snow. Location, It is right on Times Sq really close to Hard Rock Cafe (about 50 yards max) and the subway network. If your going to get nuts'd in a local bar want a short stagger home and not care where you sleep, this is
bubble_40	After reading all of the reviews I was very nervous to stay here. I arrived and was pleasantly surprised! The price is so cheap for the amazing location, and the hotel itself is not bad at all. I made sure to ask for a renovated room and was given a single room (#1214) with a large king bed, flat screen tv (with 12 channels), a pretty clean bathroom, and most importantly, no bed bugs!! There was a big creepy closet that I just didn't use. And my bedding had some questionable stains so I just didn't use it. I was traveling as a solo 22 year old female and never once did I feel unsafe in the hotel, my room, or the surrounding areas. The only weird thing was my first night there I was awoken the next morning by a man down the hall singing very loudly in Spanish haha. But honestly,
bubble_10	I got online to find a cheap hotel to stay in in NY. The room was a joke! It was very tiny,bed had stained comforter on it, smell was horrible, there was a giant hairball in the doorway of the bathroom. I have a video and would love to post it! Disgusting! Old and unclean!
bubble_40	my friend and i booked here because it was cheep and central. we then read the reviews on here and where terrified. needles to say this hotel is excellent the location is so perfect its untrue. bed was lovely and comfy (no bugs) for the price we paid we where so happy it has everything u need for a fantastic stay in new york. ok decor is a bit shabby but here it is simple u get what u pay for and this is more then value for money. ab come on ur in the big apple who wants to stay in a room or gives a crap that the carpet is old . its clean it central and new york is so great ull be so tierd from jet lag and sight seing u wont care less that the bed side table looks like it came from the antiquies road show. this place is ace its so fantastic value its untrue. oh and our room was
bubble_40	my dream trip to the big apple was a birthday present from my family.The hotel was perfect ,ideal after a day sightseeing,hot shower clean bedding warm and welcoming staff,I would recommend this hotel to anyone.I read reviews when I came home I couldn't believe what some travellers were saying I'm sure they didn't stay in the same hotel!!!For goodnes sake is was a place to shower and sleep and very reasonable it was never going to be the Ritz,but it serves its purpose in a central location,well done to the staff for making my dream trip wonderfyul.
bubble_40	I checked in this hotel quite concerned after reading the reviews.  The location is absolutely fantastic.  The hotel is basic but based on the fact we were up and out by 10.am and did not return until at least 10.pm what do you need a plush hotel for.  We ate out plenty of local eateries.  The room was clean and laundry changed alternate days.  I would go back and I am really fussy.  Why pay more- spend your money on other things
bubble_30	The good things first:  the Hotel is located directly at Times Square and you are in walking distance to the Empire State, Broadway, 5th Avenue, etc.  The bad things are the following: it is not obvious to get a warm room during winter times... In our case the room was freezing cold in the first night and several complains were not really taken seriously by the staff. Finally, we got another room the following day and 4 reclaims... So, the staff could react faster. After this incident, we were quite happy, as we could be in the heart of New York for a fair price.
bubble_20	My family (ranging in age from 15 to 50+) and i were there during hurricane sandy so spent a lot of time in our rooms.  We had all previously been very worried about our pending stay at Hotel Carter, having read many reviews stating some awful things like theft, bed bugs, cockroaches and so on. We experienced none of this, the rooms we had were very basic and not in the best condition but they were clean and all had working showers, air con units and flat screen lcd televisions (although mine had no remote). They were not cleaned during our stay but we had had the service offered on two occasions which we declined as not suitable times for us, still we were able to obtain clean towels and toilet tissue for reception upon request.   The location was very good, literally seconds
bubble_30	Was there during Hurricane sandy and was pleasantly surprised, I asked for refurbished rooms and we had three rooms on the 19th floor, all were clean and beds were very comfortable, bathrooms were small but clean and any time I asked for towels or toilet paper we were given plenty at reception. The room wasn't cleaned by staff all week, but that wasn't a problem for us at all and despite being stuck in the room for extended periods during the storm, we had a great view from our window. Couldn't be a better location especially as the subways weren't working and we could walk almost everywhere we wanted to from there, I would stay there again!
bubble_30	Not a fancy hotel but has a great location, half a block from Times Square and the Brodaway theaters, price pretty affordable and also many places around to eat. Make sure to request a room located from floor 5th through 8th as they have been renovated.
bubble_40	You get what you pay for however I was pleasantly surprised about my stay at the Carter. you can't beat the location or the price giving the over-priced hotels in the area. The rooms was standard, the carpet and bathroom were worn and tired but the sheet were crisp and clean, the towels were clean and dry and they provided soap and shampoo. I had no issues with smells or excessive noise. Never saw any vermin at all and if people think that vermin are only in budget motels, they are kidding themselves. Staff was accommodating, especially since my one night stay for Oct 28th turned into a 4 night stay due to Sandy. The internet computers in the lobby weren't always working but hey, Sandy was wreaking havoc. I would stay here again. If you are going to NYC and planning on staying
bubble_40	after reading all the negative reviews on this hotel, i wondered what i was getting myself into.......... may i say "i was pleasantly surprised............cost very little, staff really nice, bed changed 3 times in 1 week, stones throw away from times square..........i will definately go back and would recomend it to everyone.
bubble_10	The worst hotel I've ever stayed at. I usually laugh at some of the reviews you read, where people book a budget hotel and then write a bad review because it doesn't offer superfluous services/facilities or because the decoration is basic or the furniture outdated. Therefore, I'm a bit sceptical and try to read between the lines. When visiting a city, as I spend all day out and about,  I prefer to save money on the hotel and spend it eating out or shopping or on attractions or whatever. Consequently, all I need from the hotel is a clean place to sleep, have a shower and leave my stuff, I'm really not too fussy.   Before booking the Carter, I read several reviews and thought it would meet the criteria. People are usually more critical and demanding than I am, and despite that,
bubble_50	This 700-bed hotel is just a half-block from Broadway, on 43rd street. FANTASTIC location, the absolute Best! The price is incredibly reasonable, something like $139 a night for a two-bedded room with bathroom. They seem to have gone through a lot of renovation lately, many of the floors looked pretty decent. Our own floor (15) was the worst, and in fact several rooms were being re-done while we were there, which meant workmen and buckets and equipment, etc. But in the end this floor will look fine too. When I booked, I got the last 3 rooms available so I was happy just to have the reservation and certainly don't care about the chaos during the renovations. I had a small group of developmentally disabled adults I was assisting with another staff, and it was extremely important
bubble_30	I stayed here from 30 Sep - 4 Oct, was concerned before arrival due to bad reviews I had read. The guy who checked me in was a bit slow but helpful. Room was great, I had a King size bed with a view to the next street and not looking into a building next door. Staryed on the 21st floor, no prob with hot water. Yes the room was a bit drab and could have done with a bedside lamp, but other than that I found it very good. Minutes walk to Time Square. Would recomend to anyone travelling by themself as was a nice cheap hotel.
bubble_10	At first, room looked old with layers of paint on everything.  After closer view, carpet was old, worn and dirty, bed had only 1 sheet over mattress (without a mattress pad), and 1 sheet to cover with.  Dirty lamp and air conditioning unit in window.   Bathroom had been redone recently, so it looked okay.  Next morning, went to take a shower - no hot water!  Went to call down to desk - phone didn't work.  Was plugged in, but dead.  Took a VERY cold shower (after running water for over 15 minutes thinking it would get hot!), then went down to desk to check out.  Told guy behind desk about water.  His response, "You have to run the water for 15-20 minutes for the hot water to get up to the upper floors."  Told him I did, but also phone didn't work.  He kept repeating himself.  I
bubble_40	We had a group of 8 book two rooms at Hotel Carter because we were on a serious budget. Had really low expectations and were pleansantly surprised upon arriving. Clean beds, NO BED BUGS, a bit of a dingy bathroom (little mold in the ceiling) so we wore flip flops when we showered, but honestly, you can't beat this place when it comes to location.   We felt safe and clean and were central to EVERYTHING the big apple has to offer. Would stay here again in a heartbeat!
bubble_40	Located right by Time Square, this was a great location to travel around the city.  It is a basic hotel with two beds and a bath.  It was clean and tidy and great price!!  I would definitely stay here again.  For the amount of time we spent in the room it was worth it.  Also the bed mattress was very comfortable for a hotel.
bubble_20	Stayed six nights, it is actually a bargain - if you can live with the low standard. Location is perfect with two minutes walk to TImes Square. Clean linen and bath but the carpet wasn't vacumed for at least 2 weeks. Another minus was tha lack of a closet but we  got a lot of hangers and with nails in the walls, we managed without it. We'll be back!
bubble_30	I stayed Sept 21-28th and was very surprised that it was not that bad. I was scared the first day i got there but was happy that the double bed room was not that bad The bed was comfy, the bathroom ok, and the room was  a good size for three people. They clean the room every 2 days but that was ok with  me. You have to ask for extra towells if you need them and the staff was nice. All in all, I would go back. Not bad for just sleeping and taking a shower. Your in Tines Square, your gonna be gone all day anyway....Also i did not see any cock roaches or any insects at all. Some people exaggerate a lot. Also, they don't have ice, or small wash clothes so make sure you bring your own.
bubble_30	So I first visited this hotel in 2007, I had a broken bed, not television, no hot water and it was VERY DIRTY. However, upon my bad experience it was in a great location so I went back this year 12/10/12 - 19/10/12. I was in 801, facing a brick wall!  Upon entering the room it seemed a lot cleaner than the previous time I had been, the sheets were unstained and smelt clean. The bathroom LOOKED clean but there were various parts that had mould growing which should have been cleaned.   After 3 days our hotel room was not cleaned so I talked to the front desk, now, these people just DO NOT CARE about there customers, he was unhelpful, rude and unapologetic. I got the room cleaned in the end but it was a lot of hassle.   One morning my travel mates went to the bathroom to shower and
bubble_30	At first I was hesitant to shower-bathroom kind of cruddy. But linens clean, towels clean. Front desk helpful. Location was excellent! Although the parking attendant did actually ask if we wanted to tip????.  TV only got two channels- no remote. No mirror convenient to do hair. I wouldn't stay in summer AC units not big enough to handle heat.
bubble_20	We just returned from a three night stay at Hotel Carter in NYC.  I had very very low expectation due to reading the reviews on here, and am happy to say I was pleasantly surprised. We did ask for, and got a renovated room. The rooms are bare bones. Bed, dresser, TV, light.  The sheets were nice and clean, and the bed was quite comfy. NO bed bugs!  The AC worked wonderfully.The location is awesome! One block from Times Square, and I definately felt safe in the area.  There is a Gentleman's club next door. Never saw anything sketchy going on.  The elevators were slow but worked just fine. Our room was on the backside of the elevators, but the noisedidnt keep me awake.  Overall, i would return. You cant beat the price, and for the amount of time spent in the room, its a steal!!!!!
bubble_10	We had to change our room twice.  We knew it was all bad as soon as we off the elevator.  Dirty rugs and trash in the hallway.  When we get to the first room the bathroom was filled with mold and the cold water didn't turn on.  The spread was filthy.  The floor was disgusting.  The second room was not as dirty then the first.  But the bathroom was micro and one of the queen beds was broken.  The third and final room was not as dirty as the second and not as much mold as the first.  I was totally disgusted with this hotel.  If it wasn't so cold and we rented a car I would have rather stayed in it.
bubble_10	please do not book this hotel it is disgusting and you will be very disappointed I stayed there with my daughter we had to change rooms as sheets and mattresses were filthy the room they moved us too wasnt alot better, no hot water so they had to let us use another persons room the corridors smelt of Cats pee and it was very damp. Keep looking for hotels cause there are some as cheap but better quality and clean
bubble_20	rooms ok, bed also ok not very luxury but excellent location people from the front desk very helpful when we next year going to New York , for the price i take this hotel again i recommend this hotel cheap en exellent location
bubble_40	A double room in midtown Manhatten for $117 a night inclusive.  If value is your thing then this is the hotel for you.  It's got it's faults.  The rooms are very small as are the ensuite bathrooms.  The whole hotel is very worn looking and it does need brightening up and the rooms are only cleaned every second day, big deal.  Any other hotel in midtown will cost you 3 times the price of this place.  And outside of the price it also has very helpful and cheerful staff.  If you're fussy and need little extras in your hotel then stay easewhere.
bubble_40	We had a room on a renovated floor. Very reasonable at $99 per night in early October, one block off Times Square. We have been there in the past and will be back. Excellent front desk help. While this is not the Ritz Carlton, dollar for dollar, this is the best hotel value in NYC.
bubble_40	The situation of Hotel Carter is very good, it is near the Times Squares and Broadway Ave.  It is the second time that I reserve my holidays with Galahotels and I am very happy , satisfied and I recomend them.Thank you very much.See you in my next travel.
bubble_30	In June this year some friends and I stayed at Hotel Carter. I am very savvy and up to date with reviews. Ive read a lot of reviews for months before hand, even watched room reviews on you tube. Fair enough to say we were very keen to see what this hotel was all about. First off what do you expect youll find? The reviews answer this question before you even go. Its NOT upper class, its not middle class its low class. Knowing this we stayed 2 nights, entering the premises there was NO drug addicts (at any time) in the doorway, the staff were friendly enough. The luggage guy held our bags $5 each for the whole day till we checked in. Came back bags were still there, all good. Went up elevator arrived safely. Entered room clean sheets, certain things missing like AC nobs, draw
bubble_20	This was the cheapest hotel we could find in New York that would not break the bank, I was really sceptical about booking as the reviews were terrible.  When we arrived i literally wanted to cry! the room smelt awful, it was freezing cold, the curtains didnt close, the bedding was disgusting. We arrived at 2.00am so we just wanted to go to sleep. So we slept in our clothes and with our coats on,  The next morning it didnt seem so bad, Times Square was on our doorstep and that made it for us.  The room was basic and beyond basic, no extra bedding (it was December and freezing). There were no plugs in the bath or sink, the toilet was hanging off the wall, there was no hot water.  We asked to be moved to another room, this time it had hot water but had no shower, it was a bath
bubble_40	I have to say we were worried from reading the reviews it did help because we had a back up plan if the hotel didn't work out.  the hotel wasn't bad and worth the money Its clean and yes it's old but half the price of surrounding hotels. I will say it had a old odor to it but I propped my bathroom window open and the room was fine. We would stay there again my advice to you is keep expectations low and you will be ok.
bubble_20	My experience at this hotel last summer was one that stuck with me because of just how awful it was. The primary, and actually, only benefit, is the fact that it's right next to Time's Square. If you have no money, but want to be centrally located, this is the place, but you will pay a price mentally.  The rooms seen in the photos on here show a great variety, and as the hotel is so massive, it's clearly worth asking for a renovated room, because the one we stayed in was absolutely vile. The sheets weren't clean, (we'd brought sleeping bags and were only crashing out after a night out - so it didn't matter) there was some very questionable electrical work and the bathroom was an absolute travesty. The bathroom door wouldn't close and the shower tiling on the area where one
bubble_10	I'm rarely one to bother writing reviews of any kind, even if the experience was bad. But this story needs to be shared. My daughter and I are visiting from Australia. We saw the reviews and thought ok ... So it's a dump .... It's dirty, dingy.. We can live with that. We thought the location was too good to pass by. The price is unbeatable. No doubt. Yesterday after a long day out and about, we thought we'd have a quick rest before seeing the late show we booked to see. We fell asleep about 5pm. At 610pm for some reason I woke up to find a figure at the side of my bed reaching to grab something that was on my bed! Please - whoever reads this. Forget the fact this is a dirty old cheap hotel. The point is its notorious with local police that this is not a one off incident and the
bubble_20	Attn Boy Scouts:  Be prepared when visiting the Carter.  If you are, you'll survive.  The room was clean and bug-free (as far as we could tell).  The halls were well lit and the doors had strong locks.  Now the negatives.  Everything was old.  Repairs had been done only when needed to meet safety codes.  Our sink was cracked, the tile in the bathroom was cut to go around existing appliances.  The mattress was old (but sleepable).    One more good thing.  It cost us $128/night in early September.  For comparison, the 4-star hotel just "West" of the Carter has the cheapest room listed at $399/night.  We discovered that the Times Square area was not so great (it reminds us of Hollywood Blvd. in Los Angeles), but if you need to be here and can put up with "old", it's worth it.  My
bubble_30	This hotel is all about location at an afordable price.  After reading the reviews, we weren't expecting much.  We requested a renovated room & got it.  I use the word renovated loosely.  It was updated & things were new.. but not much went into it.  The new carpent was simply cut & glued down.. nothing fancy.  Since we were only there to sleep & shower, this was not a problem.  The room was clean & that's all that mattered.  The staff was friendly, and gave us extra towels & pillows when we asked.  Being not even a block off Times-Square, it doesn't get any better for the price.
bubble_20	We chose the Carter Hotel because of its execellent position and the good price. I must say that I'm ok with old hotels and I don't really need  a renewd lodging, but what I hated in Carter it's that the organization looks totally careless about guests comfort. In the room I had 2  king size beds but no space to move, a broken chest of drawers and no coat hangers in the closet. Towels were not replaced: I had to ask for them (and sometimes they were washed, but not cleaned) ... the last day of my staying I found plenty of towels, when I didn't need them any more. I also had to ask for soap and toilet paper at the reception. No problem with mildew in the bathroom, or dust on the preistoric air conditioner, or stains on the moquette, or inconsistent window frames, but smell could
bubble_10	I was weary after reading all the reviews, and based on my experience found:  Pros - Location is excellent - Room didn't seem TOO disgusting -No bugs or rats  Cons - Had to hold my breath and run through the halls because of the disgusting smell - Room smelled disgustingly like cigarette - Bedsheets are like tissue paper -Various hairs from previous guests  I've travelled in hotels from almost-hostels to the Ritz Carlton. Any cheap motel is better than this. If you can stomach it, it's worth what you save, but be warned: it is pretty terrible.
bubble_10	Our room here was a mess! Old, stained carpet laid on top of older carpet, rubbish all through the room and under the beds, broken shower, I could go on! We definitely did not have one of the "rennovated" rooms The only good feature is its location.
bubble_40	I visited the hotel en of august, and I must say I had very low expectations due to the reviews on the net, but the hotel had the best price, US$100 per night and very close to Times Square. No worries at all. Please do not worry about thr bad reviews. I was there for 4 nights and the hotel was great. Best location ever, half block from Hard Rock Cafe, walking distance from Times Square. Yes, the room was very small as well as the bathroom, but it was very clean and the housekkeping was there daily.  In one of the reviews someone was mentioning angents club next to the hotel, if you don't pay attention you will not even notice.   Leaving the hotel, turn left and left again, after the Westin, across the road, there is a Phamacy/Grocery open 24hs with everything you might need.
bubble_30	When researching hotels for my recent trip to NYC, I read all the negative reviews on this hotel and was very leery of booking. But our budget won the day. When we checked in, we requested and were given a renovated room. Yes, the renovation consisted of new carpet, paint & tv. And yes the A/C unit was old and a little noisy, but it worked! There are no frills at this hotel, but the staff was helpful and friendly and the beds were clean. Do bring your own washcloths as they do not provide them, but they were generous with the towels and extra pillows when asked. Out of our 3 night stay, house keeping did only come one time, but as we were only in our room to shower and sleep, this was not a problem. All in all, the hotel is old and does show its age. If you are going to NYC for
bubble_10	Although I have some friends that have stayed here many times, my experience with Carter hotel was the worst experience ever. Yes, they have a great location walking distance to T.Square and in the center of Manhattan, however, based on my experience: - Staff were attentive - Old and over-used beds - Dirty, and I meant DIRTY rooms and bathrooms (mold, extra mold, broken doors, broken curtains, broken lamps, broken furniture, broken windows -- it was a beautiful night of snow showers and we had snow showers inside the room).  -Great location Apparently, they have better rooms than the one that we got, and apparently they are making some renovations in some floors. If you still want to take the risk and save money and quality for a good location, I would suggest to ask them for
bubble_30	Tourists of every nationality stay here - apart from the Americans.  The only ones we saw we screaming for their money back because their rooms wasn't like the Ritz.  As long as you understand that all you'll get is a basic room with no frills in a great location by Port Authority subway, it's fine.  Premier Inns it ain't but its still better than Travelodge.  For the record, the room and the beds were clean, hot water was on tap for showers. The breakfast bar next to the Hotel is great value although a little cramped.  Don't ask for a deposit box because they have no keys that fit!!  We'd stay there again because you just want a room to sleep in and then see the sights.  By the way, New York City has really changed, much cleaner, friendlier, no aggresive begging, no grafitti,
bubble_40	room was very clean ,basic but nice safe place to stay,staff helpful.bed huge comfy.a/c in room.tv.excellent location if you want to be in the middle of the city.being renovated during day.cleaned every other day.good shuttle service to airports ,cheap.hotel will hold bags after you check out @$2 per case per day.quiet hotel you can sleep ok.loved it.
bubble_20	room very very dirty (bathroom carpet and sheet above all) and quite rumorous but hotel in a very very central position -near trafalgar square...and not so expensive!!! if you have more money to spend change hotel!!!!
bubble_10	We arrived at this hotel in the early evening. The front desk staff were curt to say the least, when I complained about the bathroom having mould on the ceiling and affecting my asthma the receptionist sort of shrugged his shoulders and said we have no other rooms and continued to deal with the next person behind me. The beds are lumpy, uncomfortable and dirty. Even the bed bugs have left!!! I have traveled a lot and have never stayed in such a poorly maintained, dirty hotel - NEVER AGAIN!  The only plus point is the location, very close to Times Square.
bubble_10	Do not go there it is terrible not clean, terrible maid service, people say is good location well yes. is true but is it worth your health . Don't waste your money , you want to pay to suffer , check in at the local animal shelter they will have better rooms for you there.Trust me it is not worth the location nor the cheap price.  Pay a bit more on hotel somewhere else , you can order less in the restaurant for lunch, if you don't you will loose your lunch after seeing this place. Trust me don't do it..
bubble_30	After reading some of the reviews on here it was with a certain amount of trepidation we checked into this pre-booked hotel for our trip to New York.  Yes, it is old; yes, it is a bit run down but.... what a location for the price! We were also pleasantly surprised to find a clean, comfortable room (huge bed!) with a small serviceable bathroom and really could not find anything to complain about for the money it cost.  The sheets and towels were changed every other day (even the day prior to us checking out which we did not expect) and the room was most definitely clean (I inspected it carefully!)  I am not too sure what people expect for the price but we would stay here again, purely for the excellent location and the fact we only need a comfortable bed and somewhere to shower
bubble_30	They don't clean the bedroom. They don't put toilet paper and don't change the towels. You have to ask for them. But the price and the location are fantastic. I will repeat. It's a old hotel at heart of Times Square which it's being renovated.
bubble_10	Stayed here for one night on the 16/04/12.Had to ask to move room twice,first room smoke alarm would not stop beeping,second toilet was leaking all over the floor.Plugs are hanging out the walls with wires showing,hotel is dirty and old.Cheap for new york city (70 per night) but i would recomend staying somewhere else if you can afford it.Only good point it is in a great location (Times Square).
bubble_30	If you are in a low budget It's the perfect option. I read the comments and i thought that it would be a disaster, but luckily it wasn't. Awesome location (two blocks from times square), remodeled rooms , clean bathrooms and the most important thing  A VERY GOOD PRICE.  So I have to say that I would definitely go back there!  Si estas en corto presupuesto es la opcin perfecta. Le los comentarios y pens que iba a ser un desastre, pero por suerte no fue as. Esta excelentemente ubicado (a dos cuadras del times square), las habitaciones estn remodeladas, baos limpios y los ms importante MUY BUEN PRECIO.   Definitivamente volvera!!!
bubble_30	Firstly, we went in the peak season and the Carter was cheap as chips! So if you are saving your money for Broadway or shopping, this hotel is in a great location! We had read many reviews and I had to warn the family that this is going to be bad (as we had just stayed at 4-5 star hotels in Orlando). There was not much of a smile at the reception, that's fine as they were not rude. They insisted that we had to check in again the next day (although we can leave our bags in the room??). I cannot remember which room we had but it had just the beds, a TV that didn't get much reception and the bathroom had no ventilation. You had to close your eyes to the cleanliness and as we had only 4 nights, we did just that. Because of the hotel, we tried to be out all the time. We spent a lot
bubble_30	Before we made the reservation we red all the terrible reviews so we knew what to expect. But we were not disappointed at all. We asked for a renovated room that wasn't a problem. The room was on the 6th floor, it was small, great kingsize bed, bedbug free, small bathroom and everything clean. It was much better than expected. Oke they don't clean your room every day, but that was ok for us. In  the lobby is a info desk, you can store your luggage for one dollar each. There enough elevators. Location is perfect. Value for you money. TIP: ask for a renovated room.
bubble_40	After all the bad reviews we read about this hotel, we were expecting so much worst, but they let us check in at 2 and we had a small room but clean room on the 19th floor with a great view of time square. The bed sheets were clean and no hair anywhere (bed or bathroom) and the bathroom was small but very clean.  It is an older hotel yes but for the location and the price you cant go wrong.  We had good customer service from the front desk, and the bed was confortable and we did not hear any noise during the night.  We would stay there anytime and would recommend it to anyone, i mean for the amount of time you spend in your room anyways when you are in New York it's perfect.  Good price AWESOME location close to everything (good restaurants in Hells Kitchen).
bubble_10	We booked a room here for a night, we came early and the room wasn't ready so they let us leave our luggage at their "storage room" with a fee of $2.00/bag and a claim tag was given. We left one lady's purse, a backpack and a luggage bag, but the guy at the front desk said that we could put them all together as one. So then we went out and explored the city. We came back later in the afternoon only to find out that 1 of the bags wasn't there anymore. We asked the supervisor if they could check their security cams to see what happened and he said "we cannot, you have to call 911." I was like, what? this is your hotel and you can't have access to your own security cams?  So we went to the NYPD station by Times Square and told them what happened. The 2 officers were kind enough to
bubble_30	I stayed at the Carter hotel two nights and wasn't bothered by anything but a few springs in the bed. It wasn't extremely clean but not dirty either. It seemed like they only had one iron for the whole hotel (500 rooms?) which was kind of strange. The location is good if you are looking to hang out on and around Times square; however I prefer the more "alternative" parts such as Brooklyn or Lower East side, so the next time I go I will not be staying at the Carter. I bet there are hotels with better value than this one in NYC, too! Last time I was there I stayed at the Off Soho suites, which I recommend!
bubble_40	Having stayed at the carter in August and September for the past seven years I can say it is so much better than it used to be.  First the bad bits, the hotel has been undergoing renovations for the last few years so you may be lucky with a fancy new room (floors 7, 11 and 23 are good) or an original room (floor 14).  The difference is noticeable, however, it isn't the end of the world.  The improvements in recent times. New TV in room, air con that works, hot water on demand and a new toilet area.  Refurbished lobby with good computers at reasonable prices.  Interesting point, don't trust the vending machines chances are you won't get the item you pressed for, sort of a lucky dip.  The carter has definately improved, however, if your a four star kinda person go for the hotel up
bubble_10	I am now a College Graduate, but when I was in High School, a few theatre buff friends and myself took a self funded trip to the big apple, we saw the price of this hotel and how incredibly close to Times Square it was and thought it was way to good to be true. It was. The hotel is a hodgepodge of left over materials from other businesses and hotels. The carpet in our room was from some pizza place we had never heard of, but the business logo was spattered across our floor. There was not venting system in the bathroom, so when you showered in even warm water, by the time you dried off, you had sweated so much you felt gross again. There were bugs running amuck, the cleaning staff ( if there was one) never came to our room in the 5 nights we were there. We heard some crazy
bubble_10	I was welcomed by a cigarette butt on the bathroom floor accompanied by a grandma's closet like smell. You'd think that they'd at least make the attempt to pretend they cleaned the rooms. Seriously, this place is archaic and should be torn down instead of renovated. It's quite loud on the 10th floor as if you're sitting in the middle of the street. We got random calls all night long from who knows where as there was nobody ever on the other side of the phone. My girlfriend had a test the next day and because of this hotel she didn't get much of any sleep. We met a disgruntled German couple coming down the elevator so we were not the only ones. I talked to the owner about it (a pretentious lady obviously unconcerned about the quality of the service). Apparently, someone was
bubble_30	Yes, the location is why you checked this place out - remember that. My king side bed was comfy & clean but I did not want to walk barefoot. You definitely wouldn't invite visitors to show the place off. Whatever renovations were definitely done by the low bidder. Front desk staff were great, helpful and friendly.
bubble_10	I stayed for 10 nights - it was prepaid so the front desk will not refund.  Property stolen from room - on the only day in 10 that a maid came to change the sheets - I mean the rooms are never serviced, how bad is that! You have to get towels and soap from reception.  The lifts break down often.  While the location is great - spare a little more $$ and get something else close by - I would have doen this if I had not pre paid - you have been warned!! I suspect the so called good reviews on here about the Carter are dummy reviews by the hotel, it really is that bad.
bubble_30	In terms of location, Carte hotel is a 10. On the right corner you have Times Square, meaning that you can (or is almost mandatory), to visit and revisit it in different periods. On the left corner you have Port Authority Bus Terminal, with some restaurants options.You get a bus to Jersey Garden outlet for $6 and when you come back, you will be close to the hotel to carry all the shoppings. Metro is also available on both corners and Broadway theaters are just some steps way. There are several food chains on every corner and most are open 24h, which helps a lot. The hotel itself is simple, with small bedrooms and old carpet. Bathroom are individual, which on my research, I could verify that this is not a standard for hotels this price range. It does not offer breakfast, by for
bubble_40	A small group of us stayed at the Hotel Carter in 4 different rooms from 18th August till the 23rd.  Our requirements/expectations: We were budget-minded and just wanted somewhere safe, reasonably clean and centrally located to use as a base for seeing New York for the first time. We were recommended the Carter by a friend and chose it for the price (we split the cost of a room 3 ways, which worked out cheaper than a bed in a hostel). Needless to say the proximity to Times Square and Port Authority was a huge bonus.  Our experience: the Carter served our purposes perfectly. I can't recommend the location enough - Times Square obviously has everything you need with regards to shops, cafes, restaurants and free wifi (Starbucks) as well as being a pretty extraordinary area and
bubble_40	After reading the reviews here, my boyfriend and I were keeping our expectations low! However, we were very positively surprised. Admitted; this hotel is not luxurios in ANY way, but if you want a bed to sleep in on a fantastic location, this is the hotel to book! Clean sheets and towels every other day, a night table and a closet, no noise. No betbugs og mold whatsoever! We stayed on the 11th floor room 22(insider tip ;) Will recommend this hotel to anyone who want a cheap hotel in the best location
bubble_10	One minute walk from Times Square, good price, but the building is really run down.Old and outdated furniture, we stayed here twice. First room was bad, but second time was even worse. Mold on the ceiling, nothing but a bed and an old bathroom.
bubble_20	Stayed on the 5th floor.Hallways and room had been freshly painted(real strong odor,oil base)The bathroom was very clean as were the sheets and towels.Old window AC was terrible but removed the old clogged filter and it worked a little better.The rug was a little scary because it was so dark.Girlfriend brought flip flops after reading some of the reviews.The hotel is old but was right in the center of everything.One night was fine.All we did was sleep there.The tiny little store down stairs was great for a coffee and muffin to go.Glad I went.You get what you pay for.There were no bugs and it was clean.A little run down.I could imagine this place 100 yrs ago.I could of stayed at a better place for twice the money.I wanted to see as much of Manhattan as I could in 48hrs.Took the
bubble_30	I read some horrible reviews on this hotel, but the $99.00 price and perfect placement to Times Sq. attracted me anyway!  I found most of the reviews I read were quite wrong, or perhaps by very picky people who expected the Waldorf hotel at a bargain basement price!  One review said you had to enter by way of a gentlemans club...untrue...the club is 2 doors down from the entrance to the hotel, in a seperate building.  Another complained that they had to go up steps to the lobby...big deal...about 6 wide well lighted stainless steel steps with a chair lift if needed!    Rooms were what I would expect for 99.00!  Fresh paint, clean carpet, closet with door, small bathroom (very small)..but how big do you need to take a shower or tub bath and use a toilet and sink?  Clean beds.
bubble_10	Come on Americans you can do better than this. This hotel is a filthy run down rat trap. Human excrement on the floors,threadbare carrpets, dirty towels, dirty beds, staff could not care less when complaint was made. All the local drop outs and hookers roam the hotel at night. Felt totally unsafe. We were told that this was a refurbished room, we could smell the paint fumes which ws not good for a asthma sufferer. If this is refurbished heaven knows what the other rooms must be like. Booked 5 night but moved out after 1 night in fear on our health. Realise that this is budget accomodation, but come on , americans would not accept this in London.
bubble_20	My friend and I stayed here after her brother recommended it, mainly because it's cheap for New York and the location is good. We freaked out after reading the reviews on trip advisor but I can honestly say it was "that" bad! The location was great and our room was clean! It did have a funny smell though and the air conditioner was quite noisy! We could also hear all the noise from the busy time square for all hours of the night but this didn't bother us that much because we were so excited to be in New York! The wait for elevators can be a while when its busy and the hall ways are a bit creepy. We were out exploring most of the time and were only at the hotel to sleep so it could have been worse - but I wouldn't choose to stay there again.
bubble_10	We booked 9 nights here and checked out after 1. I have visited 36 countries and stayed in plenty of hotels and backpackers along the way. Our double room had a broken window that had electrical tap holding the glass together, there was mould all through the shower, and door frames, tiles broken in the bathroom area and shower. The smell of the room was terrible and all the hall ways smelt of cigarette smoke (and I'm a smoker) and couldn't stand it. The bed was very uncomfortable and had a bad nights sleep. You also have to pay for the wireless access as well.    On the up side it's a great location in Times Square although it's located right next to a "gentelmans club" the staff that I dealt with on check in we're very friendly.  Overall New York is expensive for accommodation
bubble_30	I liked this hotel because of its vintage atmosphere (a piece of old NY history) and its location near times square, but I must say the rooms are pretty bad, quite bare and a bit shabby; mine had a window with a view on a wall... If it was somewhere else I would say that it's a bad deal for 120$ tax included, but being in NY you can hardly find better at this price. What pissed me off was the high price for the wi-fi connection, but for the rest I must admit it was a decent deal.
bubble_10	I booked 2 rooms for 2 nights well in advance. I was coming with my niece and nephew from Italy from Boston by bus. Unfortunately, we got on the wrong bus and ended up in Burlington, Vermont. I called the hotel to let them know we would be arriving late around 10:30 pm. and they said ok. When we got there they had given our rooms away. We were not the only ones that were scrambling looking to get another hotel. There was a women with her child from Europe in the same situation and she had paid in advance. I do not think it is legally ok do this and I hope that the City of New York puts a stop to it. The hotel had my credit card on file if I did not show. I had to pay and stay in two different hotels because of hotel carter and the price was much more.
bubble_30	very good location right on times square with right in the heart of the action so much to see and do on a short walk a few blocks in each direction, easy access to the subway network but much easier and quicker to walk as many hidden gems around the city. Hotel also in the middle of the theatre district.  The hotel its self looked very nice in the newly decorated lobby the rooms themselves where very dates and shabby. only on electoral socket worked in the whole room. staff were helpful at check in otherwise non existents. when using the information desk each time the staff were unable to find the location / attraction we were looking for and we had to explore the area ourselves to locate it
bubble_40	me and my boyfriend came here for my 20th birthday & upon reading previous reviews, feared the worst (we packed our own sheets and duvet covers as fear of bed bugs)  when we arrived the staff weren't brilliant - but they were efficient in getting our keys & the guy who looks after your luggage on the day you leave was brilliant    there is no free internet which is annoying! & the fact that the lobby is always full of teenagers on the computers all the time is a bit frustrating but then you're not on holiday to always be on the web!   the lift was in perfect working order & the only thing with the corridor we stayed on was that it smelled really damp & was quite dark, however;   the room was brilliant! we booked for a double room, got a king size bed, loads of pillows & fresh
bubble_20	For the price we were paying for, we could find nothing more than an old hotel, but you are in the best location of NYC! Just a few steps and you are in Times Square! We've read the bad reviews of this Hotel at internet, BUT as we saw some pictures of renovated rooms, which seemed more decent than the old fashioned one that we stayed, we decided to risk. Unfortunately, even asking for a renovated room, we just got an old one. One tip is leave your luggages with your friend at the desk, and get the keys and see the room, until you are sure you wannabe at that room (for me things didn't change so much). The staff was not very friendly at checkout. If you arrive early before checkin time, you can leave 1 lugagge per guest at a room near the balcony and they give you a kind of
bubble_40	I had no problems with the Hotel Carter. I asked for and got a newly renovated room. The staff were efficient and polite, my bag was stored and retrieved ($2 storage fee and spotted a $2 tip each for retrieval and storing), the room was clean and tidy with new sheets and heaps of towels, there was plenty of hot water and it only took a few minutes to kick in.  Great flat screen TV, no remote but I saw some guy collect one from the check-in desk so that must be possible.  For USD100 it is the best value for money I have found in NYC, particularly at rack rate and so close to Times Square.  Any downsides? You do sometimes have to wait a a minute or two for a lift and may have to wait for the next lift although I was high up (1707) so coming down was rarely a problem in terms of
bubble_40	I stayed here for 10 nights in July 2012.  Yes, the hotel is a little run down. Yes, the refurbishments are a little slap happy (paint splatters on the carpet, armchair) BUT the location is perfect!!!!   My room (1830)  was absolutley perfect for my needs - a queen size bed with fresh crisp sheets, a large comfy arm chair, flat screen TV mounted on the wall, a walk in wardrobe and a large bathroom with bath tub.  Sure, I took my own coat hangers, and an over the shower caddy to hold shampoo etc however these cost me $2 each at the discount dollar store and I happily left them behind.   My room was cleaned every second day with fresh towels and sheets provided.   The hotel is next door to the theatre playing Spiderman and a hundred metres from Time Square and the subway.  The bus
bubble_30	I read many reviews and was quite leery, but this hotel was recommended by a friend, a NJ native, who has stayed there several times.  Lower costs compared to the Marriott Courtyard on 42nd by 5th was the deciding factor.  While Hotel Carter won't show up on any "most luxurious" list, the decision we made was a good one.  We were on the 7th floor, and the room sported fresh paint, queen beds, a TV, one dining table chair, a bureau and a nightstand. With 4 adults, we put one suitcase on the nightstand (the room phone went under the bed), put toiletries in the bureau drawer (there is no counter in the bathroom) and two of us put our clothes in the drawers.  Planning ahead was worth it:  I brought hangers (there was one hanger in the closet), resuable grocery bags to hold our dirty
bubble_10	I stayed at this hotel with a delegation that was visiting the US from overseas. They made the reservation from abroad.  This is the most crappiest hotel in the US that I have stayed at.  The rooms are old and nasty.  The bathrooms are horrible  Help from the staff is non existent  They do NOT change you sheets or fix the room daily  The AC is a wall unit that is under powered and looks just as ancient as this hotel.  The bed was hard and they give you just two tiny pillows for a Queen size bed.  The only positive thing is that it is 1 minute walk from Time square.
bubble_20	Which is all you can really expect right?  The good? Best location imaginable at the price. Im kind of a cheapskate when it comes to traveling so this is important. The bed was alright, certaintly not the worst I've slept on.  The bad? Housekeeping is very impatient, particularly if you are just getting dressed for the day and will be ready to leave in 5 minutes.  The Ugly? The room was just not very pleasant (again you get what you pay for). The couch was falling apart, the carpet stained, paint chipped, hair in tub, and sand paper towels.
bubble_20	The front of house team have no sense of concierge at all. The rooms are as basic as basic can get. No TV remote, no kettle & only cleaned every second day. The toilet "explodes" when flushed with soiled water splashing everywhere. The shower water takes ages to heat. The lifts are very old and extremely unreliable. Being steps away from Time Square was amazing. One would think the well earned sense of pride found by the American public in general would reflect in a hotel based at such a famous location. Sadly not. The cafe situated on the hotel premises is a total rip off. Be sure to walk towards 8th. Avenue when looking for food & drinks.
bubble_40	Anyone who writes a terrible, scathing review of this hotel probably didn't have their expectations anywhere near realistic. This place is right in Times Square and it costs just about $100/night. There is really nothing to complain about at all. Sure, the lobby is a little bit dingy and dated, but who cares? How much time are you really spending in the hotel lobby? Alright, I'll give you that the hallways are a little bit scary-looking, but again, what are you doing in the hallways besides going to and from your room? Nothing. How much time beyond 20 seconds do you spend there? That's right, none. Our room was perfectly clean, and served our needs perfectly. The bathroom was well-maintained and the beds were comfortable enough for restful sleep each night. All we used the room
bubble_30	I've stayed at this hotel twice in the last 8 months. Once at Christmas and once in April. Lets be honest, there are much nicer hotels then this one. There also is a lost worst. The rooms are old, and look dirty. Housekeeping is nonexistent. WiFi is not free and doesn't work on the higher floors.  But it's safe and when you're only paying $117/night a few days before Christmas less than a block away from Time Square. This hotel cant be beat.
bubble_30	My daughter had booked this hotel because of location and price.  She made a good choice. Location can't be beat-right off Times Sqaure.  The hotel is very old but our room had been freshly painted and the curtains looked new.  The bed was nicely made up and sheets were clean.  Only one towel was in our bathroom and staff were very obliging when I requested more.  I would recommend you take your own soap and shampoo as none was supplied. The hotel staff were friendly and key cards must be displayed before you get onto the elevator.
bubble_30	I think this place is so reasonable price because this place is located in midtown of New York.I like this place because it's reasonable.It's very near time square and port authority and board way but it very old.If you mind about the price and want to live in mid town and convenience to transfer a transportation I think this place is good.
bubble_40	For the price the best kept secret in New York. You get location location location. The hotel is older but charming and undergoing changes. Located between Eight and Seventh At Times Square you are in the heart of the city, near food, bars, retail and fully walkable.
bubble_10	After we got in the room, room did not clean yet. So we asked another room. Room was so tiny and dirty, no views. Washroom also. All of facilities are old and dirty. Only one good thing is close to time square
bubble_40	Have been there with my husband for eleven nights. It was a small budget trip and we had no surprise. Just expected the worst and were surprised. The location is amazing. Times Square is just a few steps away. The room was cleaned every other day, The cleaning lady was very friendly. The front desk staff could be rude sometimes. There were girls who could help you to find transportation to the airport (since we were taking a very early flight). The room was noisy but it's New York!
bubble_10	Of course, it's one block from the TimeSquare and close to Broadway! The rest of the hotel was baaad! No service or bad service! We did not have shampoo in bathroom and asked 3 times at service desk! We still didn't get it! Our window dropped down in mid night and scared the hell out of us! We told the front desk about it and the problem was not addressed what so ever! We slept with the window open for the rest of the stay(3 days). The phone did not work, the hairdryer did not work and the lamp did not work! Told front desk and no one seemed to care! Also, I found it weird that the bed sheets were labeled "Trumbull Memorial Hospital"! I have pictures to show you if you are interested in seeing it! I felt that we were treated like someone they did not like or welcome! I'd stay
bubble_40	I'm giving it 4 starts because of price and location. It's less than 100 for a bedroom for two people, a few steps away from time square. This hotel is really bad, but if you're going to NYC what you need is not a fancy hotel, but something accessible and close to the important attractions and the subway, and this hotel meets the requirements. The bathroom and bedroom look really old, but I would stay here again.
bubble_40	We really liked these hotel cause it was cheap and it's in Times Square. We stay 3 nights there and it was a very good experience.  It's near everything in broadway area so if you are tired or you left something you can go back. The room is simple but the Hotel is old so we don't complain about that. Our room was clean and it had the necessary things. The only thing that i complain about its that you have to pay for wi-fi.  If you plan to spend a lot in the hotel i don't recommend you this hotel because i doesn't have any "entertainment" only TV (for that you can stay in your house) If you are staying with children i also don't recommend you the hotel is not the kind of hotel for kids.
bubble_10	Pictures look nothing like the Hotel at all! We were told we would get a renovated room- Well if our room was renovated the rest of the hotel must not have been fit for human life! It made us feel dirty and gross- couldn't wait to get the HELL OUT!!!! Location was excellent but If you plan on staying here, you should just save your money, invest in a cardboard box, and sleep in the alley. The experience would be the same!!!
bubble_50	We arrived expecting the worst, by subway from the airport, to stay for 5 nights. The friendly person at the front desk told us that he would give us "the best room in the hotel" and indeed it was splendid for the price, on the 23rd floor, freshly renovated with clean, crisp linen and a super clean bathroom, with a window which had a lovely street view. I had booked this for less than $100 per night! We had 2 double beds for the 2 of us, and although we spent very little time in the room, it was perfectly comfortable and had a retro appeal, with even a spare, spacious room to use as a walk in wardrobe. It was just steps from Times Square, but far enough away for us not to hear any noise, and really close to everything else in Manhattan. We were really happy to have chosen this
bubble_10	The hotel is connected to Cheetah's Gentleman Club. As we walked up the stairs at the main entrance, we noticed the following: 1. An "OUT OF ORDER" ramp for the disabled, 2. A large congregation in front of the 2 elevators, and 3. A strong nauseating odor of cleaning supplies. A lady from behind a counter with slots and lockers close to the main entrance yelled "May I help you?". The check-in was at 2pm into Room 938. I must say that I am an avid traveler and have been to many continents and this was the very first hotel that has EVER charged me $2 per luggage to store a backpack and  for simply 2 hours. The bellman complained that there was too much luggage to handle. We returned at 2pm to get our keys for Room 938. The wait for the elevators was about 10mins. We opened the
bubble_10	Filthy rooms, no maid service, corridors with litter, bed bugs, rusty bath/ shower, staff who hate their jobs, security staff that would have nodded to Bin Laden on his way in as they chatted between themselves and a Deli almost in the reception that emits a constant smell of fat, apart from this it's ok. But seriously, having stayed in literally hundreds of hotels in several countries this is in a class of its own. It gets one star for its location, the only thing in its favour
bubble_40	If you plan to spend zero time in the hotel then the location is perfect. If you plan on spending anytime in the hotel then dont stay here. We were in New York for 3 nights and were only in the hotel to sleep. Every waking moment was spent outside of the hotel. The location is perfect but the actual hotel itself is a mess so if you plan to spend anytime in the hotel look at other options.
bubble_10	this was a worse hotel i ever ben the room that my boyfriend and i stay over the wekend we were very diapponmet how the rom look it was not worth to stay the walls look bad  some people were rude too i do not avised people to stay there
bubble_40	We recentley stayed at Hotel Carter for 8 days. The location is fabulous and the price is right! We were in a renovated room, the bed was comfortable , the AC was cold and housekeeping can in everyother day. It is a plain room, but it is clean! The staff was friendly and helpful.
bubble_40	After reading many reviews of this hotel on this site i still decided to book this place for 4 nights and i wasn't disappointed. We went at peak season (start of July) and got it for a very reasonable price. For that price i expected, as a minimum, clean rooms + sheets etc as well as the excellent location it has, and again, I wasn't disappointed.  I think the room may have been recently refurbished and was better than I had been expecting, bigger as well, and the bed was huge,  However, there was no place to hang up clothes and our room was cleaned with fresh towels etc only every second day.  As I said in the title, if you're looking for cheap and cheerful then look no further.
bubble_10	The only good things about this hotel has to be the price and location. Rooms are smelly, scary old elevators! Had to take the stairs every time just to stop breathing nine stories up and down since the stairs smelled even worst than the room. Thankfully I just stayed one night, but I won't go back not even on a budget.
bubble_40	recently spent five nights in this budget hotel,with heatwave in NY and very high humidity our stay was very comfortable,nothing plush but all one needed including air conditioning.situated in ideal location near subway and all the tourist highlights,from JFK aerport a 50 min journey,no delays or traffic chaos if useing taxi's,we purchased on arrival a weekly public transport ticket for 30$$ and made good use of it,glad to say we were happy tourists at the end of our stay.
bubble_20	You should only stay at this hotel under the following circumstances: you're on a budget, you're only staying there for one night, and you don't normally stay at luxury hotels. I've stayed at youth hostels nicer than this hotel. It's very old and run-down. There was some scary-looking mould in the bathroom. No free WiFi. The only positives were the price and the location.
bubble_20	This place is old, and dirty. Location is ok and some staff were nice but that doesnt make up for the rats in the air ducts!
bubble_20	But it does the trick for a short stay that you want to be cheap and right by Times Square.  I am giving the hotel a 2/5: 1 for the price and 1 for the location. It deserves nothing else.   The check in was pretty painless. I have waited longer at nicer hotels. Our room was on the 21st floor, we had a room with 2 double beds (there were 3 of us). It appears as though some floors are renovated and other are not, the 21st floor was not one of those renovated floors. It reminded me of a building out of a Law & Order episode when the detectives have to go bust some low life. The hall-ways were not pretty. Our room was small and had this horrible carpet, well 3 different carpets. It was pretty funny. The TV was at least 30 years old and had not remote, but it did work. The AC was
bubble_20	After reading a lot of reviews, we prepared ourselves for this hotel.  We just needed a cheap clean space to stay for one night, so we booked it.   The only thing I really wanted out of this room was a clean bed.  We did get that.  Unfortunately we didn't get much else.   The furniture in the room was old and beat up.  The TV was from before I was born(no remote control either).   The electrical outlets were looking to be in bad shape.  I actually worry about them being a fire hazard.  They seemed to work, but I didn't leave anything plugged in when I was out of the room. Bless that poor little air conditioner, it worked it's hardest, but it just wasn't enough.  We had it on high all weekend, and it barely brought the room to a slightly tolerable temperature.  But we had a hard
bubble_40	OK, so it's not a 4-star hotel. But you can not bet it for location and price. And we stayed there without any instances of bedbugs. The hotel is dated, but they were renovating the lobby while we were there. The rooms were small but the sheets were starchy clean. We would stay there again.
bubble_10	My husband booked a surprise vacation getaway for my 50th birthday and what a surprise it was.  I had to video tape the room in order to describe my experience to my family.  We checked in and out in less than 45 minutes.  The pictures on this website is deceiving...I was scared to death to stay in a room that was so creepy.  There were no pictures on the wall, but instead mold above the bed on the ceiling and in the bathroom there was a tiny bar soap and mold above the ceiling of the shower.  I looked at my husband and said if you think I am going to stay here and leave my clothes in a place like this you are crazy especially with reports of bed bugs and rats, etc.  We walked down the street and checked into the Westin Hotel which was a relief.  At that point money wasn't an
bubble_10	there is no rating for this hotel...below any standard. We just returned from staying at this hotel for 7 nights...we were transferred from room to room 4 (FOUR) times. First time they gave us a room with broken windows and no TV...then they gave us a room whose tub and sink were clogged and you couldn't take a shower. After complaining someone left us a pump in the bathroom to help ourselves. Then they moved us to another room with no blanket and a horribly dirty shower stall. The next morning we received a note ubder the door that they have to renovate the whole floor and we have to move again. The personnel was so rude, they laughed in my face and justified that :"this a 2 star hotel, what do you want?"...No housekeeping services, they left us 3 small towels for 2 people for
bubble_40	I enjoyed our stay, the rooms big, we were in 6 th floor, newly renovated, the beds are clean, nedsheets smell good, no bugs , roaches or anything !! I would definitely stay again at this hotel
bubble_40	We were slightly worried after reading some of the horrible reviews, but they turne out to be far from how we expeienced the hotel(we stayed for 5 nights, and had a room on the 10th floor):  The room was small (one of the two beds almost blocked the door to the bathroom) and the view from the window was a brick wall, but it had a working a/c and tv.  No noise from the strip club next door or the busy streets at all. Sheets were clean, no bed bugs.  The rug on the floor is kind of old and a little gross, but wearing my flip flops when walking around solved that problem easily.  There were a few hairs on the bathroom floor and some bits of paper under the bed and in the walk-in closet, but the sink, shower and toilet were all clean.  We got fresh towels when the maid did our room
bubble_40	We came in with the expectation of "hope for the best, while preparing for the worst", and ended up being very pleased with our stay. As many others, we were quite worried about what we were getting ourselves into after booking this hotel for ten nights before reading all the negative reviews.   Fortunately, the internet is not always reliable, and we were met with great service by the very friendly and helpful staff, our room was clean and quiet, and not least - located literally a stones throw off Times Square.   Do not check in to Hotel Carter expecting the Rockstar Treatment, but a great budget-friendly, comfortable base for freshening up and resting while exploring the city. We will definitely consider Hotel Carter again next time we visit NYC, and have already recommended
bubble_40	When I booked a room at Hotel Carter for my recent trip to New York, I was extremely afraid of what I was getting myself in to because of the horrible reviews it was getting online; however, for $99, a block away from Times Square, I figured what the heck. I am SO glad I booked a room at this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. We were given a newly renovated room on the 6th floor, and we couldn't have been happier. You can't expect a glamorous room for $99 in the heart of Manhattan. We were within walking distance of the Theatre District, Times Square, and Central Park. Totally worth it! The room was small, with no furniture other than one nightstand, but I really didn't expect anything more than that. Also, you must request towels if you want new ones each night. Due to how
bubble_30	This is an interesting location.  It is not your typical 5 star- 4 star but in between a 2-3 star hotel.  The hotel is pretty old.. Coul dwork on remodeling but i guess the hole idea is to keep it a s affordable as possible.  This location has private baths and OK beds.  THis is pretty much close to a Hostel but with some privacy.  I woul drecommend this to people that want to save a lot of money.  We all know that NYC can be extremely pricey even for a 3 star holiday in.. Running for a minimum of $300- $400 a night.  I wont recommend this for Families or Business traveloers, butmore for adventurous couples and group of friends that are just looking for a place to stay.  As my friends say..  Aplace to Sleep and Shower.  This is the place.
bubble_30	Ok it has to be said that this isn't quite the old style glamour of Broadway I had pictured, but I knew that before I arrived. Think posher hostel rather than hotel and you will not have a coronary when you arrive. The location, as mentioned, is amazing and you can't argue otherwise and this is what you are paying for. Reception were quick and efficient and the lobby has internet and a desk available for booking tours etc. They charge $2 a bag if you want to leave it there on check-out day and be bag free before returning to the airport.  The room was pretty dull and a little grubby, we ignored the towel hanging up in the clothes cupboard, the cracks in the sink, the dust and general lack of 5* appeal - we did however have a giggle about it, got over it and enjoyed our
bubble_20	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel,last week end. Our room was very small as we had the stair well in the corner. The sink was cracked and was falling off the wall.There was someone's underwear in the corner that  the cleaners hadn't removed. There was a bundle of wires on the floor from the air con and TV. We had read the other reviews so was a bit prepaired. Our bed sheets were clean but very tatty. There was nothing in our room except our two beds and and 2 night stands, one with the TV on. not even a lamp. Fourtunatly we did not spend any time in the room except to sleep. We used the shower, but I was worried all the time. The only thing going for this hotel is the fantastic location, for the price. Even though this place is a real dump, they can still fill the rooms because
bubble_30	A group of 12 of us were staying in NYC for the weekend and we wanted somewhere cheap and central to stay. The Hotel Carter is literally one minute from Times Square, the heart of New York with ridiculously good transport links. One of our allocated rooms was fine - clean and sorted - but the other was disgustingly dirty. I went to reception and complained. Turns out, they have been renovating the hotel from bottom up - so the top floors are the least pleasant. The manager listened to my concerns and offered us a room change, to the same floor but a nicer and much bigger room with a huge bathroom and views of Times Square, at no extra charge, which we were very pleased with. No, it's not the most comfortable hotel in the world but if you're in NYC on a budget then it is great
bubble_10	This place is awful. I read the reviews before I went there and thought "surely it can't be that bad" - it's actually worse. I'm covered in bed bug bites. The sheets, while washed, had red/brown stains on them, as did the towels. The water was never hotter than lukewarm. How this place has not been closed down is beyond me.
bubble_10	As I was told by a customer service representative (and I quote):  "We are a budget hotel.  Don't expect a Hilton service from us."  Enough said!!
bubble_10	I had seen many reviews for this hotel. All said that it was pretty bad, but many said that it was okay as long as you were just looking for a place to sleep in a good location. I figured I would give it shot. I'm telling you that it really isn't worth it.  When I first got there I was placed in a room that literally had mold on the walls. It was so bad that the sheetrock was actually deteriorating. When I looked in the bathroom, tile was missing from the walls and ceiling. In its place was just blackness from mold. I asked to be switched into a different room and the clerk who had previously check me in, laughed at me. The second room wasn't much better. It still had the moldy smell and I'm pretty sure that the mold is there, but painted over. The shower curtain in the new room
bubble_30	We had 10 days in the hotel. It was ok, but not great. No bedbugs- this was the good thing. Bathroom ok-ish . Could not close the bathroom door since the heavy bed was in front. Carpet in the room so old that we had to have our shoes all the time. AC worked fine as well as the TV. Perfect hotel for low budget travellers, cheap and super location. If you want to have a quality room then this is not an option. Cleaners stole our brand new shampoo and conditioner (or according to the receptionist "cleaners must have thrown out the shampoo and conditioner by mistake" ??).
bubble_10	i stayed in 2006 and it is by far the worst hotel i've ever been .. good location but that's it !! i mean i prefer to pay 200 bucks more and stay in a nicer hotel .......   we had to buy a new set of towels and sheets ,, very very disgusting place .. didn't like it at all !!
bubble_30	Basic hotel, a real bargain in Times Square, clean rooms, staff sometimes rude and ugly.
bubble_20	The staff at the reception desk were wonderful. Very polite and helpful.  Now I know its not a 4 star Hotel so my daughter and I were prepared for the worst.   Rooms very small, remote for TV did not work, but who cares we didn't watch it anyway.  Just testing. Too busy roaming around Times Square.  There was no curtain in the bathroom, but I took care of that by hanging a towel over the window.    Yes the location is right THERE. Just up the street about 100 yards and there was all the action. Thats exactly what we wanted.  We drove down from Montreal, parked the car right beside the hotel for an excellent price.  Do not go to the one across the street.   Our cost was $70.00 for 2 days and the one across the street were going to charge $100.00   Our beds in the Hotel were clean
bubble_30	Centrally located to subways and all midtown attractions. It served our purpose as a place to stay for a late night concert because we would not have caught a train back to NJ so late. If you get the quad room there is ample space.
bubble_30	At first i dreaded staying at this hotel after all the bad reviews but once i got there i realised people had over exaggerated on it. The location is perfect! u can see times square from the outside of this and it is nice walking distance to rockefeller centre, empire state building and macys. The rooms were standard with bathroom and tv, the room was clean overall.. had no problems whilst staying here. We were put in the rooms that had just been refurbished so were nicely done.  For the price we paid for this hotel you really cant complain! Ignore the negative rooms! its clean & in perfect location of manhattan... what more do you want?
bubble_30	Typical Downtown NYC hotel. I stayed in plenty around this area. The location is great, right near Time Square between 7th & 8th. Like most hotel it is old and worn down. But room was ok, reasonable clean, bathroom and AC working. While visiting NYC you will never stay on your room anyhow, so for be is a good location for a reasonable price the criteria. The Carter meets that. Its a little bit better then the other places in the same price range.
bubble_40	I just come back from a six night stay with my sister. We booked the twins room and for some reason we were upgraded to a quads room (two queen size beds), so room space was obviously great. We asked for a high floor and renovated room and we got it. Back in April when I booked this hotel I did before I read most reviews and obviously I was very concerned before my trip. The below are my comments/impressions on the subjects that I have read.  Bedbugs - No, I did not find any and we expended quite some time checking the room and mattress. Neither we found cockroaches or mouses.   Room cleanliness - Out of six nights our room was "cleaned" only twice, and it was not clean on check-in. During our survey for bedbugs we found plenty of "stuff" such as toilet paper on the floor, bags
bubble_30	its not as bad as reviews was said it was very basic but clean and friendly carpet an deco out dated but liveable mattresses were spotless and comfy i dreaded going to this hotel because of reviews but already booked it so i worried all the way there apart from outside looking a bit shabby your half a block from times square not far from attractions an public transport
bubble_20	My friend and I decided to go to New York for just an overnight trip. We have flight privileges that allow us to fly stand by for free :) we didn't want to spend a lot on a quick overnight stay. We figured we wouldn't be in the room at all except to sleep.  When we arrived we were not able to check in right away. My friend asked the hotel receptionist if we could have one of the renovated rooms and that we had seen some posts about bed bugs that we were worried about. He told us that we should be sure to be back right at 2 to assure that we would get a good room because they go fast. Funny! Who says that?! Like if we were late we might end up in a bad room. We decided we better stay close!  They said they would hold our bags for us, and a man gave us a ticket for us to retrieve
bubble_40	The Carter Hotel, located at 250 W43 Street in Manhattan, is right in the heart of the Theatre District. This makes it an excellent location and an excellent value for money. It also makes it good walking distance to many attractions.   The hotel itself is very basic, but it is clean and serves the purpose. The lobby is a long rectangle. A Tourist Help Desk is to your right as you enter and the Reception Desk is to your left after you enter the doors. At the far end and for a fee, there are computer access terminals and relatively comfortable upholstered chairs and sofas. The elevators were  sometimes slow due to people arriving and leaving. You dont spend a lot of time in the lobby or on the elevators.   We had a 4-night stay here from April 9 to 13. Our room was located on
bubble_30	This is a place to crash, nothing more.  It isn't even very confortable, or very clean (I mean old carpets and shower curtains, dark narrow halls...).  But it's in the heart of Time Square, steps away from everything.  You get what you pay for, right?!
bubble_10	This has to be the worst place I've ever stayed. I've stayed in hostels about 20 times better than this isn't cheap. I cannot believe NYC doesn't have better standards, we in the UK are used to a basic hotel being Travel-lodge sort of standard but this place is dirty, tired, busy, hot, no hot water, threadbare carpets. Don't put your feet on the carpet!  Only plus point is it's location.
bubble_30	If you want a fantastic location and don't need to spend too much time in your room, and don't need any niceties, then the Hotel Carter should work for you.  They are doing some renovations, which is good, but we ended up with the most recent renovated room which had not even been opened yet and we got a roomful of paint fumes.  Otherwise, just being able to walk within a half a block to Times Square was wonderful.  Having a parking garage right next door and a cafe that's opened 24 hours/day didn't hurt either.
bubble_20	This hotel has a $99. a night room room rate right it is one block from Times Square. Price is very reasonable however you get what you pay for. You don't receive washcloths you must ask for them and then you are told they don't have anymore. It is an old hotel which needs a lot of work done to it. TV only gets a few stations and they don't have remote control. Our stay there was just awful.
bubble_50	I really don't know what people are complaining about.  I stayed at the Hotel Carter from May 9th till May 11th in room 2020 with my son and we had a very nice stay.  The room was very nice, and the bed had clean bed linen and a warm blanket.  The tv even though it had only local channels worked.  The bathroom was nice and clean and we had a nice size closet.  We were close to everything in times square, and we even took the subway train to union square. There was no noise at all while we were there.  I would definately go back to this hotel again
bubble_30	The good:  The location is unbeatable, right at Times Square; the front desk staff were pleasant; the sheets and towels were clean and fragrant; the bed was comfortable.  I was too early to check in, but they kept my luggage in their storeroom for a $2/bag fee until the afternoon.  I checked carefully, and there were no bugs to be seen.  The air conditioner worked well.  It was very quiet, and I slept well.  The bad:  The bathoom wasn't really as clean as it could have been, with mold spots on the ceiling and shower curtain.  There were bath towels, but no hand towels or washcloths.  There were no toiletries to speak of, not even a bar of soap.  There was no curtain on the bathroom window.  It took forever for the shower to warm up.  There were no lamps, just an overhead light
bubble_30	Reading all these reviews, I was scared. When I first arrived, I hadn't even gone up the stairs when a lady stops me and says, "ask for a renovated room on a high floor. It's very noisy". So that is what I did. The room was on the 8th floor and not noisy at all.The TV was new but no remote. The room was small with only one light but the beds were firm and the sheets clean. No bed bugs. The bathroom is small and I thought there was no soap but discovered the mirror opens and the cabinet behind it houses soap & shampoo. The shower curtain had mould spots though. The cleaning lady comes every second day to change sheets and towels but you can always ask for more towels at reception. Doesn't seem to do a fine job with the carpet vacuuming though. Overall, it was cheap, basic and
bubble_30	Room 1901 was pretty small for 4 adults and 2 children. There were double beds, tv with on a few channels, a small closet, very little walking space, small shower with great water pressure, no bath tub, sink faucet water pressure sucks. Plenty big towels but no wash rags, and no laundry room in the hotel. But it was not a bad stay for the location is in Times Square.
bubble_30	My first impression was pretty grim.  Yes, the corridors are long and dingy, and even felt a bit threatening at first.  And the room was ...... well, pretty run-down.  The carpet did look more than a bit dingy, and the paint was peeling.  But then I noticed something.  No noise!  Really, no noise, other than the all pervasive hum of ac that you get everywhere in NY.  Yes, the view was dingy - the opposite wall.  There was no point in pulling back the curtains.  But the bed was comfy, and the sheets were clean, as were the towels.  And it was cheap.  Having lost the full cost of my stay in a nearby hotel when I had to cancel my trip a couple of weeks earlier as a result of an unexpected family death, I needed cheap.  And, despite my initial misgivings about safety - I was
bubble_50	You can not beat the hotel Carter I've stayed there 3 times in the last 2 years. The sheets are clean and seemed new. The carpets were clean the washroom was clean. No rodents or bed bugs. And your right at times square and the best part is the price I paid 98 bucks a night. You can't find that in anywhere in Manhattan never mind times square. The front desk staff at first a bit stuffy but after cracking some jokes lightend up an played along. Security and information desk were very informative and nice. You want to see a real Sespool check out the elk hotel it's closed now but take a walk past it 43rd and 9
bubble_40	I'm very pleased with our stay at Hotel Carter, the room was very clean with a new TV and you can't beat the location!  For the money I think it's the best bargin in New York!  We were on the 20th floor with a great view, the people working there were very helpful. I would stay there again!
bubble_20	We grabbed a cheap room here because we were looking for a clean bed and shower. Both of which we accomplished.  However, there were no towels in the room or soap, the guys at the front desk were REALLY nice and helpful.  Very friendly staff that pulled out towels and gave us an extra special gift of a gigantic cockroach that came flying out of them.  Yikes. We did get new towels. There were clean sheets on the bed and I think we were in a partially renovated room because the tile in the bathroom looked new even though the door for the medicine cabinet was ripped off. There was no trash can, just a trash bag dropped over the pipes of the sink. The air conditioner worked with the caution to keep on very lowest setting to avoid blowing fuses. We obeyed and it ran all night   The
bubble_10	I've been a world traveller for more than 20 years now, not too picky or choosy but those rooms beat the the worst I've ever stayed at.The first room I was offered was dirty (food left overs  and garbage everywhere), used up (walls, carpets, sheets) and hardly furnished (2 beds, one tiny cabinet for a very old TV, a nite table, no chairs,no table etc.) The room was so small that you could hardly turn around and put your baggage somewhere. The odor reminded me of musty chemicals that are used for exterminating vermin.The bathroom offered a dimm light and no facillities to put any personal things or towels. However, after I had  complained, I got another room. But guess what! No big difference and I was welcomed by cockroaches as big as my thumb! I cancelled and left.
bubble_10	Hotel Carter in New York is hands-down the most disgusting, repulsive and depressing hotel I have ever had the misfortune of staying in. Our room on the fourth floor was the sort of place you'd want to over dose in. If we'd have been slightly higher up, I might have considered jumping out of the window, rather than doing it from the fourth floor, and living to remember my time at Hotel Carter.   The staff are incredibly rude, starting with the egotistical, sarcastic chinese-american on the counter, and a russian who can barely speak English working the 'Shuttle Bus' counter. The pair were extremely unhelpful regarding all aspects of my stay. Before visiting our room, I visited the toilets in the lobby. Ah, no toilet roll.. that's a shame. Oh but hang on.. that was the least of
bubble_30	I had some reservations about staying here however it suited our needs. Basically, we wanted a bed for 3 nights whilst we were in NYC and a shower and close proximity to Times Square. How can anyone complain about the hotel for the price! Yes it wasnt the cleanest, yes the shower needed to be be on for up to 20 mins before it ran hot, but considering the price it was good value. The staff were efficient (if not the most happy) on the front desk but who cares - you're in New York City! Stay there, save some money and go shopping!!!!!
bubble_30	My first impression was: "I'm in a terror movie"! The oldest hotel I've ever seen. Long long looooooooong corridors with those old and dirty carpets...I didn't stay away from my flip flop even for a moment. However, I found out that is not the worst place in the world. Depends on what you are looking for. If you want to be in the middle of everything, enjoy NYC as much as you can and go back to the hotel only to drop off your shopping bags, take a shower and go out again, that's the right place. BUT if you are looking for comfort, spoil yourself and spend more in another Manhattan hotel. Tip: ask for one of their refurbished rooms, they are on the highest floors and you will see that you will survive to the horror movie!
bubble_10	Not clean, old and with terrible appearance. They don't clean the room everyday. I asked for another room and they said that the other rooms were worst than that one I got and for the price that I paid I shouldn't expect more to be close to the times square. Worst hotel I even been in my life.
bubble_20	First the bad:  My room was on the 20th floor facing the back, so I had a view. The first thing I noticed was a balcony, so I checked it out. The door to the balcony didn't have a lock on it. Just push and it opens. The bad thing is that the balcony isn't private. Other rooms have doors to the same balcony. I reported it right away and the desk clerk said he would have maintenance check it out, but I stayed two nights and a lock never got installed.  The clerk wrote my room number on the key card with a permanent marker and the key card had the name of the hotel on it. So if I lost my key, someone could have gotten into my room.  There were no towels or soap in the room. I dialed "0" expecting to get the front desk, but no one answered the phone, so I went downstairs. They gave
bubble_20	The location is great, it is in the Times Square, next to all the theaters and cost less than any other hotel in the area (~$150/ night on a school vacation week).  The hotel was the lowest quality I have ever seen.  The room had two beds, a table and a TV with no remote.  There were no chairs or any other furniture.  There was only one soap in the bathroom.  The cleaning lady came two days after we moved in and turned out to be a surprise since she did not show up on the first morning and there are no "do not disturb" signs in the room.  She also tried to get to our room on the last day an hour before the official sign out time but luckily the door was locked from the inside.  I had to come out of the room to talk to her.  I think they have bed bugs.  After we have returned
bubble_10	So the location is first class, service and friendliness is first class, rooms cleaned every 2nd day... generous with towels when I asked.. sheets clean... The place is seriously in need of upgradeing, but would come again for the good things it offers!!!
bubble_40	Stayed six nights in room 1639 between April 18-24, 2012. I made the reservation based on location and price alone and wasn't looking any commenta before paying everything online (by far the cheapest I managed to find). When reading the comments on this page I was a bit skeptical what we would face upon arrival.   The room turned out to be OK. Carpet was clearly old and worm, but not disgusting in any way. Bathroom smelled a bit damp when we arrived, but I assume the room had not been used for some time. This problem disappeared right after using the AC for a while (bathroom had no window because of the room layout). Paint had been coming off from the bathroom ceiling during time, this may have been caused by poor ventilation and too high a humidity. Not a problem for a guest,
bubble_30	We just returned from a 2 night stay at Hotel Carter.  I didn't find it a bad place to stay.  We did hit a snag when we first arrived.  We went to the rooms that they gave us and they hadn't been cleaned yet.  We went back down and they were very nice, apologetic and gave us other rooms.  Make sure you ask for a renovated room!!!!!!!  They are much nicer then the older rooms.  We absolutely LOVED the location.  Right next to Times Square.  You can't beat the price for the location alone.  It's lobby is older and leaves a lot to be desired, but honestly how long to do you stay there?  I would stay here again, in a renovated room, and I would suggest it to anyone.  Well anyone that doesn't have to have upscale accommodations.  Great budget place.
bubble_10	Let's just say the location is the only ok thing about this hotel. The hotel is located right off of Times Square near the wax museum. The only down side to the location is that it is right next to a gentlemens club.  Upon entering the hotel, everything appeared ok and once we got to our room everything changed. There were used codom wrappers on the floor and mouse traps near the heater. The room was small and outdated. We left immediately after checking in.  Staying at a hostel would most likely be cleaner.
bubble_10	I was a bit skeptical when booking this hotel, reading its history and prior reviews I was hoping it would all be OK. When my husband and I travel we try to do this as cheaply as possible, with a hotel room all we want is a bed and our own bathroom... We arrived at 8am and the reception lady was nice and said that our room would be ready at 11:30. We left our bags in the bag room (which cost $2 per bag), the bell boy was so sucking up for a tip it was pathetic. We just paid $2 a bag, there's you tip man!  When our room was finally ready the first thing you noticed was the god awful smell. It was so bad, it smelt like mould, or wet carpet, or your nanas place a year after she had passed away! I don't know what it was but the surprises didn't stop there. The bed only had 3 pillows
bubble_30	Ok I'll start with pluses, great location, just beside times sq. free wifi in cafe across the road, near train and bus station if ilke us you want to go to Jersey Gardens/other discount places outside city. We used this as a base and just wandered up to Central Park, walking distance to Macys and almost everywhere. great buzz around the area. bars/restaurants are touristy nearby. Hotel is fairly run down. Hot water was non existent for 3 days. Bed linen was worn. Not a place to bring your girlfriend. She'd be horrified!  Cheap and cheerful and means you can spend your money on clothes, theatre and food!
bubble_30	We spent 3 nights at Hotel Carter and had a good time. The place is old and run down, but it is really about Location, Location, Location. The hotel room was not super clean, but clean enough for somewhere that we were only sleeping and showering in. It is not a hotel room that you would want to hang out in. I think if they marketed the hotel as a hostel people would have a better idea of what to expect as it had a very hostel feel to it. I probably would not reccomend this place for familes with children, but for a couple of adults looking for a great, cheap location this is the hotel for you!
bubble_30	Just checked out 14/04/12 or 4/14/12 as you say in USA, having spent 4 nights there. No its not the Ritz but what do you expect for the money ? The place serves a purpose, its clean not modern but does the job. You cant get any closer to the heart of Manhattan for the money so if you want the Ritz/Waldorf pay your money ! if not you know what to expect. A clean bed and a hot shower. What are the moaners doing spending time in their rooms for anyway in the middle of Manhattan !!
bubble_30	The check in process was quicker than i expected, you may leave your bags in their storage room area for $2 a bag.  After seeing other reviews I am not so sure I had a renovated room.  The tv only had 1 channel, there was a stain on the sheets, and when I woke up in the moring I noticed the blanket on the bed had a hole in it.   The room was resonably priced for its location though.  As I was leaving my first night I noticed that there were many new tv going to be installed soon.  There is a small shop/cafe on the lower level of the hotel, although I didn't you it.  I slept well even thought the walls are thin.  It seems the renovations are not completly finished yet, you can see the difference by just riding the elevator.   The furniture was junky, I didn't even touch the
bubble_20	The location is amazing right on times square, we did not have any problem about the street noise, but there's no soundproof in the hotel, is very old like most of NY hotels, the price is very reasonable for what you get since hotels in NY are really expensive, it was kind of clean, who knows how old are carpets, the room had some kind of renovation recently the bathroom was tiny and you have to let the water run for 15 min to get hot water, the towels are awful, the bathroom and closet door didn't close they were so old and they were painted probably tons of times over that they won't close anymore, the toilet was so weird and loud it will splash water everywhere if you don't put the cover down, and if the neighbor flushed it you will hear it... and there's a weird tube in the
bubble_40	Carter hotel is not a great hotel BUT the price you pay for being in the center of manhattan totally worth the price if you are a student and you pretend to use the hotel just to sleep or even a family or couple just to sleep go to the carter just be careful as everywhere and enjoy being right in times square
bubble_10	As soon as we arrived we were greeted by the friendly staff!!..clearly that is a sarcastic statement, once we had to spend more money at reception to get the rooms sorted, even though the travel agent had confirmed it all, we ventured up to our rooms, where we found a desolate room with disgusting layout, they say you "get what you paid for" well when we payed a decent amount for our stay, we got served second fiddle! You know a hotel is bad when it doesn't have the typical "bible" in the top draw. There was no alarm clock, desk light, tv remote, and dont get me started on the bathroom. In closing, I cannot wait for my stay to end and will be happy to depart, bed bugs and all!
bubble_20	Weird wrong but centrally located. Walls are carpeted and the reception frequented by strange types... Not pleasant in the slightest
bubble_30	The Hotel Carter was a nice place for my recent stay (over saint Patrick's Day weekend) in NYC.  It is an older hotel so the floor plan could be confusing to some, but was not a problem for me.  The oversize bed was great for sleeping, but it did interfere with opening the closet door.  Not a 5 star hotel, but a decent clean one with an in-suite bathroom for the price of a hostel.  On 43rd street just down from the Theatre that is showing Spider Man, the hotel is right off of Times Square.  There is easy access to the subway.  The attached deli had good food at reasonable prices, was open every time I wanted something and even carried Diet Dr. Pepper.  All in all it was a nice place to stay.
bubble_40	This Hotel is old and quaint..I loved it! It has the old mail chutes!!  It's a block from the bus station and 1/2 block to Times Square...PERFECT location! Only suggestion ~ bring soap, shampoo and a washcloth! The staff were very friendly!  I will stay there again!!
bubble_40	i have never written a review before but after seeing such bad reviews on this hotel i had to give it a positive one. i stayed in new york city for 5 nights recently and decided to go with hotel carter due to price, location etc. for the price that you pay, everything is what you expect. you get your own bathroom, tv and bed. yes it's an old hotel/small room but that is what you pay for. the location is priceless and it is one block from the times square subway station and some really good restaurants. reception 24 hours, great helpful staff. i would stay here again.  its NYC you only need your hotel room to have a comfy bed and be warm and that is what i received.
bubble_30	Located sixty secconds from Times square, the hotel is great if you need the bsic shower bath bed? We were hardly in the room just to sleep for some hours and  we were out again. There is a little delli with discount and deals the cheepest around, just outside the hotel that serves breakfast lunch and dinner just in case. i lived in NY before and just wanted to visit for a few days with the family, the Hotel is minutes from the subway, Teathers the shuttle to Union Station and more.The staff was friendly, helpful and there is plenty of information in the lobby for tourists. Dont expect to have your room to be cleaned every day so you will have to ask for clean towels every day. The hotel is old but works.
bubble_50	its a very nice hotel, staff are very friendly, we stayed there from 21st march to 26th march & had no problems at all, our room was 2220, location is awsome in the heart of times sq, we leard loads of rumours about bed bugs/ dirty washrooms etc, i didn't find any such thing, bed sheets were changed every single day, highly recommended place ++++++
bubble_40	this hotel is special because of of its location! We stayed 3 nights, and wow what a stay it was, right in the middle of Times Square!! Who cares if the hotel is a bit shabby, who wants to stay indoors anyway? The location really made our trip worthwhile!
bubble_20	We booked for NYE due to the location and price - it's true "you get what you pay for".  $109 per nite a block off Times Square on NYE - what were we thinking???   Upon check in we went to our (1st) room - water standing in the bathroom floor.  4 rooms later we decided although it was extremely HOT and we could not adjust the thermostat, or even turn it off, we could raise the windows to cool the place down.  The conditions were right when we returned:  very close, very late, very drunk, and only had to rest a few hours before heading out to the airport.
bubble_10	So the first few nights were ok, then around the third day I started getting bites. At first I thought it might have been something on the street but when I started recieving more and more then I realized that it was Bed Bugs. By the time I got home my skin was swollen and red. I called the hotel to tell them but they hung up on me. So, if you dont want your house infested (had to spray mine) then I would not stay here. Just wanted to warn everyone before they went through the same hardship that i did.
bubble_40	We booked this hotel before reading the reviews so you can imagine how terrified we were, on arrival we were welcomed and shown to the reception where the staff very very very helpful. we asked for a renovated room and were given one. The reception staff Robert, James and Dres were all very nice. We were all given a keycard to our room (3 of us) when we got in the lift we were all still scared about seeing the room, when we arrived we had 2 big double beds, the room was very clean, we had a clean toilet and shower, fresh towels and bedding. The windows looked on to the side of the hotel but looked direct into times square. We only stayed for 5 night and the room was cleaned 3 times, although we stopped the maid 1 day as we were having a nap. The hotel is always full, but the
bubble_20	Don't expect a 4 star hotel. The place is a real dump, but for less than $100 a night for 2 (I found the cheapest prices on Kayak - in the $80 range) & the great mid Manhattan/Theatre District location, you won't find a cheaper place.  Ok, the rooms are a wreck. Naked light bulbs hang from the ceiling. The service is almost non existent. It's rumored that a dead body was found under one visitor's bed. But for location, location, location (with your own private bath), you will have to pay at least double for not much better.  Hey, you can get bed bugs staying at the NYC Hilton. Personally, I've stayed here about 6 times & never saw a bed bug. The place is probably too run down for them.
bubble_30	I just came back from New York. I stayed 8 days at the Hotel Carter and I can tell you I would stay there again.  No, the hotel is NOT nice. It's OLD and a bit dusty but there are no rats, no bugs, no bedbugs!! The bathrooms are clean and the beds are clean and comfy too. The maids change the bedsheets and towels every 2 days, which it's absolutely fine in my opinion. I've stayed at very expensive hotels where I found hair in towels and beds and I can assure you this was not the case.  The carpets and wallpaper are old but my room was not smelly either. The staff is super friendly. Most important thing: You're going to freaking New York!! You will only go to the hotel to have a shower and sleep. The location is fantastic! I stayed in the room 1506 with my friend (twin share) and
bubble_30	Read reviews before I went. Alot were bad. I've worked in the hotel industry though and I know a lot of people post scathing reviews when its less than they expected or just because they want to complain. The staff were really nice. Helped us without being asked with our transportation. This hotel is right in the heart of the theatre district. 1 block from times square. We had a great view. Awesome little convience store/ mini cafe downstairs with the best sandwhiches ever. The room was old and run down, but clean. But guess what, we were there to see NYC not the inside of our hotel room. I'd stay again. Maybe its cause I'm a midwest girl, but I appreciate service over apperance.
bubble_30	We experienced two sides (literally) of the Hotel Carter: after booking a room for 4 nights, we decided to come a day early and so made a separate reservation for the first, added-on night. The room we were given on the 7th floor west wing was incredibly shabby, possibly clean but hard to tell. There may have been mold on the ceiling, but the room was so dingy that I can't be sure. After that first night, we checked out at the desk, checked back in (insisting on a different room), and landed on the 9th floor east wing. The room had been freshly painted, there was daylight coming in the wondow, and while not rising above the basics (no lamp, just an overhead light, no washcloths, no hairdryer unless you borrow one from the desk) it was clean and comfortable with a modern and
bubble_10	Ive been here in 2007, it was my first trip, to NY but wrong choice what becomes to hotel, it was a very nice price to a very good location, but that was the good part... the worst part... was that we had to change room for 3 times... because of... bugs... they call them "Night Bugs", when you enter the room, everythings ok, but after you asleep they come, and in the middle of night we change of room 3 times, the last one was in a higher floor, so we dont had any problem, we also saw a poem in back of the entrance door, refering night bugs, it was fun to read but not fun to experience it... lol. My sugest is, pay a little more a be in a better place
bubble_20	The hotel is located in the center of the time squar . It is very close to the attraction area. No hot water in the shower , no Fridge For two days no body clean the room  No paper towles
bubble_40	The hotel is located at times square and the rent is unbelivably cheap!! Of course you can't expect anything more than a bed and a working shower. But seriously, in a city where even hostels are unreasonably pricy, this place is just amazing!!
bubble_40	I've stayed at Hotel Carter twice (Jul 2011 and Feb 2012) and I would most definitely come back. The rooms were cleaned everyday (exception of the day before we left) and the employee are extremely nice and ready to help. The first night we were in a room facing the main street and there was a loud noise every time that car passed by, I talked to the front desk and they were pleased to change our room. If you chose a room for 3+ people of course there won't be a lot of space because of the big beds, but if you get a room a couple you get a lot of space and a huge bed.   I don't think I need to mention location as it is amazing...  Honestly, people should inform themselves because when it comes to NYC you get exactly what you paid for. If you want newer, prettier and perfect
bubble_40	we read some of the reviews about the hotel before our visit and was really worried about what was said, upon our arrival it does look a bit dated and could do with a make over but our rooms were very clean, fresh sheets and towels every day. this hotel is just off of times square so is perfect location, rooms are a bit small as we had 3 adults sharing and could do with more room for storage but considering its star rating it was very good value and over all have no complaints, think some of these complaints are very unfair, people expecting 5 star hotel at 2 star prices.
bubble_30	We've read a lot of reviews about Hotel Carter and I must say I got really scared with some of them. However when we arrived there we saw it was an old hotel but despite of that the beds were quite good. No bed bugs found.   It is no Waldorf Astoria but a place for just sleeping. No problem. I've had much worse places.   The location of the hotel was amazing. Almost on TImes Square.
bubble_10	I booked this room for a weekend getaway with my cousin. We booked this at the last minute and unfortunately, never checked the reviews. When we arrived the hotel was really gross. We were in room 701. The hallway reminded me of a horror movie. As soon as I walked in I knew that this was a bad idea. The tv was from the 50's with missing knobs. I didn't even touch it. Who knows if it even worked. The water took about 10 mins to get warm. Not even HOT. The mattress was gross. I regret even touching it. my cousin and I made a trail of towels on the ground so we can feel safe walking around. We wore our shoes at all times.   After reading all these reviews, I will never again book a hotel with reading the reviews. My body is itchy now. I never saw any roaches, rats, or bed bugs. I
bubble_10	Stayed here for one night in December, arrived late at night and left first thing in the morning (thank God). I previously read reviews of this place and thought I'd give it a shot. Definitely not worth it! The bed was so uncomfortable and made a funny sound from the plastic mattress protectors. There was a dingy sound in the room that would happen every hour when in the room and the window wouldn't even lock! I am glad to have only stayed one night here, when my partner and I met up with our friends the following day (staying in a much better hotel) we would laugh at the Hotel Carter sign in Times Square as only 3 letters would light up - sums up the dodginess of this so called "hotel".
bubble_20	Based on the reviews here, I think we may have struck it lucky in comparison to some.   The pro's - Great location, very central. Super cheap and has a kind of weird retro feel. Our room itself was reasonably clean-ish, decent sized beds, lots of space and light and quite high up (19th floor) so fairly quiet. We also didn't get bitten by any crawly insects or find any rats in our room.   The con's- Old, looks like hasn't been decorated in the last half century and not in a good way, Interestingly garish paintwork, bit of a strange atmosphere, dust so thick you could right your name in the hall carpets, lifts so old you were convinced you would plunge to death at any second and was definitely a place for the budget traveller! Not the nicest place I've ever stayed.   An
bubble_10	After you check in and get into your room - most people's first thoughts would be:  "Oh my God, what have I done?" Beat up old broken furniture, nothing on the walls, paper thin glass windows, worn out sheets and blanket.  Now, the good news:  it's cheap and within spitting distance of Times Square and the major broadway shows. When we came back on our first day out - we found our door ulocked and open - gift from the 'cleaning crew'.  Nothing was stolen - because we didn't leave anything in there.  This is the type of hotel I might have stayed in while I was in college and trying to save money - but never again.
bubble_40	I stayed at Hotel Cater for one night only. It was one of the cheapest options I found online and I thought for one night, what the heck. Upon arrival, on my own, I had one suitcase and a smaller carry bag. A gentleman came from the front counter down the few steps to the entrance and took my case up the stairs for me. The front desk staff were pleasant. Given my key to my room, the hotel was noticeably old, but it didn't bother me. Opening the door to my room, I noticed a huge king size bed, which was very clean and comfortable, very comfortable! The decor was nothing to write home about, old, knocked about abit, but served its purpose for the night. The bathroom was a little on the small side and had a bit of "fluff" and "bodily hairs" here and there...that is probably the
bubble_30	The hotel room was very tiny but clean.  It is affordable for 1 block off of Times Square, and I used my hotel only to sleep.  I brought my ear plugs and was glad I did!  Also, you had to let the shower water heat up for almost 20 minutes!  The bottom line - if you are looking for luxury, this is not the hotel for you.  If you would like a clean place to sleep for a good price 1 block off of Times Square, this is the place for you.
bubble_40	Having booked 5 days at Hotel Carter last October, we were horrified to read the reviews on Trip Advisor. Well The Ritz Mayfair it is not. But then it doesn't pretend to be. The staff were helpful, the room was clean as were the sheets, and the shower was hot with clean towels. These were changed every two days. For a low cost budget hotel it was sensational, and brilliantly positioned. Don't always believe the bad stuff!! I'd go back.
bubble_10	We stayed here 2 weeks before Christmas for one night.  I am so happy it wasn't more!  Although the location is good, very easy walking distance to Times Square and other attractions, the hotel basically needs to be torn down and remodeled.  Old, smelly, beat up and any other terrible things you can think apply here.  Uncomfortable bed, a bathroom door in the room that won't close and carpets I was afraid to walk aroun on in bare feet.  Run away!!
bubble_10	I am a high school teacher and my class had chosen the Carter Hotel. Unfortunatly was the hotel full of rats. When students returned to their rooms, rats where on the floor. In addition, the rats were eating food from the students' suitcase. Students also got many fleabits. We had booked a total of 12 rooms, and in 6 of the rooms were rats. The hotel is not recommended for anyone.
bubble_50	Forget all this crap you read on here slagging this hotel off, its absolute bull! Me and my partner stayed in this hotel from 22nd december 2011 until 2nd 2012 in a nice double room the number was room 1129. It was fabulous!  The room was cleaned every 2 days with fresh bedding and towels and cleaned thoroughly our maid was fab.  The hotel was in the best location about 20 feet from times square. The staff were excellent and extremely friendly. The hotel itself is lovely, with lots of character, we booked direct thru hotels website, we had the money for our hotel as quoted in our booking and when we checked in reception said the room was $150.00 dollors cheaper so we got given it back. Which was great as more spending money for us both.  We stayed over christmas and new year and
bubble_40	Booked this blind for our first trip to New York. Location is superb, close at Times Square, great restuarants on 9th, Central Station, Chrysler Building etc. Room basic but clean and money saved on accomodation could then be spent on holiday (Giants home match huge highlight). If you are only going to use the room to crash then this is perfect, if you are more used to luxury service then stay well clear. Staff were all very friendly and helpful.
bubble_10	The place is a pit. We stayed between X-Mas and New Years, just for a couple nights. First night my wife was up listening to scratching and clawing and chewing and searching for the source. She was pretty sure it was rodents so with some reluctance we allowed them to relocate us to another room in the morning, no other good choice. Second morning, no hot water in the shower after about 10 minutes. When I complained, they said you just need to run the shower and the sink at the same time for a while and you'll get hot water. Seems if they knew this, they could have told me before I was stuck flying home without a shower. Packing to leave we found rats had eaten their way into a bag of X-Mas candy in my daughter's suitcase and a gift bag of exotic coffee beans in my suitcase. We
bubble_40	On the face of it this is an awful hotel; no computerised records, small and poky rooms, pretty unclean, often falling apart, very noisy and looks as though its probably full of criminality. However, its ridiculously cheap, beds are comfy and rooms are secure, plus its about 50 paces from Times Square. You really can't ask for more than that when on a tight budget, so i'd be more than happy to go again! If you are looking for class, comfort and style steer well clear.
bubble_10	I stayed at the Carter Hotel with my boyfriend when he was home on leave from Iraq last year 2011. We live in New York and recommend not to stay at this hotel. We were both so displeased with the hotel in every area. First of all its right by a stripper joint (which neither had an idea) so whenever my boyfriend and I came in they made us show our card for our room which for a hotel as dirty and disgusting as that is AMAZING! The lobby was dirty, the soda machine would not give the soda that we put in for, always something different, press for a root beer and you get a ice tea. Our room was cold and we could not understand why till we seen that the big and only window was broken. The toilet leaked when we went to flash it. No internet so you have to go to the lobby to pay to use
bubble_20	Stayed here in Sept 2011.... But forgot to add in my review the several items of clothing missing from my room. Did complain to Expedia as I booked with them. Just make sure you check your dirty linen bag, as this is where my items went missing from, i did not miss them untill I got home. Just be aware this is a cheap hotel with very LOW standards.
bubble_30	Went for a nice NY Christmas weekend. Didn't spend much time in the hotel. The room was clean enough and the bed comfortable enough for the time we spent there. Could have used a couple more pillows on the bed only complaint. We knew based on the price we paid and the location we weren't expecting much. As long as u go in knowing what your paying you may be a little surprised. Overall I would definitely stay there again for the price we paid.
bubble_10	I hate talking bad about places... so this is going to be a painful review for me to write.  I have never been more disgusted or scared for my safety in my life as I was in the hour that we spent inside the Hotel Carter... let me tell you my story.  My family and I were coming back from Sweden and decided to do New Years Eve in NYC, we booked the Hotel in advance... I believe that it was around $300 a night and we had booked it for a few.  When we got to the Hotel we were made immediately uncomfortable by the 5 or 6 homeless people who had made their beds right next to the lobby doors. The grand, golden doorway gives you a false impression of what the place will look like inside.  The Lobby was big... and the front desk was covered by 6 inch bullet proof glass. There was a
bubble_20	Well, you get what you pay for. It is fairly cheap compared to nearby rivals. It is literally one minutes walk from time square so could not be more central. It is not the cleanest of hotels or the most beautiful but it is a roof over your head, it felt safe, it was surprisingly very quiet (apart from New Years Eve) and there is a 24 hour shop downstairs that sells a lovely cappuccino!!!!. The shower was uncomplicated and a lovely temperature first off. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. We did not expect the Ritz because we did not pay for the Ritz. We just needed somewhere to crash as New York has so much to offer.We stayed there for three nights which was enough , I think, I would definitely do it again especially if it was just for one night.
bubble_20	We were on Xmas week and got a terrific price ($95 tax incl p/n) for a double. The room was on the 22nd floor. Old building,old room, stained rugs, towels in a need of asap replacement. NO BUGS and no foul smells. Quiet floor. Plenty of heat and hot water. Big bed, medium size walk in closet. room was made every other day. Staff at check in not so kind and friendly. Storage for lugagge $2 ea. The location was perfect theaters, metro station, Grand Central, bars (try the Mars on Braodway), restaurants, cafs. Dont buy anything at the 24hs convenience store at the entrance of the hotel. It is a rip off, a bottle of club soda $5!  If you are on a budget this is what you are looking for.
bubble_30	It is located 1 block from Times Square, which could be both good and bad. In our opinion it was good, the location was perfect for sightseeing Manhattan!   It looks tired, and you might expect prostitutes to be sitting in the lobby - but it worked perfectly fine. If you travel on a budget in NYC, this is what you get - dont expect anything fancy.  The rooms are OK, maybe the smell was a little bit weird - but we all agreed it was not mold. Guess it could be because of the carpet floors which I guess are not kept totally clean at all times. The bed was clean, so was the bathroom! There was a TV, but I dont think we used it - so cant say if it worked or not, didnt come to NYC to hang out in my hotelroom watching TV :)  Wifi (and computers) in the lobby, but you have to pay
bubble_30	Traveled from Florida (2 couples) for New Years Eve. It was the perfect location for us to be in the heart of the city.  Our room was ready prior to check-in. The room was clean for our stay. This hotel worked for us and we would recommend it for anyone that wants to enjoy the city and have somewhere to stay.
bubble_10	The only one thing good about this hotel is the location.  The staff at the reception was not friendly. The young lady finished with me and would not even let me know. She left me standing there and had to ask if she finished with me. No help to take my luggage or show me the room or way to my room was offered.  The second stay day when we got to our room tired hoping to take a hot shower we noticed we had no room service and no clean/dry towels. When I asked they told me room service is everyother day, which was not advised at check in. Oh, no hot water either!  The lady at the so called concierge desk could not even tell me or try to help when asked how much would a taxi charge to go to the airport.  The room (601) was very basic but I was expenting that. What I wasnt
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at. The sheets on the bed sucked. It had three sheets not fited and was always coming off. Also it had feces stains on the sheets. The TV had only 3 channels that worked with no remote. No heat at all. Didn't even have a trash can to put a snot rag in. You had to beat the door to get the key to work. No ice at all in lobby. Elevator was slow as Christmas. The bathroom was nice other than the one 20 watt light bulb, which made it great for putting makeup on my butt. Gave us tickets for the New Years Eve ball drop which were no good because it only let us back on 43rd street after it was over. Spend money and go somewhere else.
bubble_40	You get what you pay for. Not the cleanest rooms but bed was clean and so was bathroom. Bring your own towels though as very thin. Service was excellent, let us book in at 8:30am! For location and price, this can't be beaten, but it is cheap for a reason. If you come expecting the Hilton, then book the Hilton! For UK travellers, think of a Blackpool B&B.
bubble_10	Worst hotel i've ever har the "pleasure" of visiting.  Dirty rooms (empty beer cans and mice traps under the bed!), no hot water, TV didn't work, dirty beds, moldy shower floor. Weird noises in the hallway outside the room thru the night.  Some say location makes it worth the cheap price, but trust me when i say no it isn't! Who  want's to live right next to times square anyways...? Tourist trap!  We changed hotel after a horrible night.  Not recommended to anyone!
bubble_10	only good location and nothing else....:-) toilets are horrible!
bubble_30	We had a good stay we were there for a week. We stayed in an upgraded room which had a flat screen tv and two double beds. The carpets look very dirty but just keep your shoes on! Great location close to most things. Enjoyed our stay. For the price I would definitely reccomend
bubble_30	Very good location, close to subway, bus station. Times Square just a few minutes walk. Staff very friendly. Would be even better if they had coffee bar/drinks near reception.
bubble_20	After reading reviews prior to our trip we were a bit worried to say that least but found this hotel to be fine - for the money! Basically the location is fantastic for central Manhattan so obviously the place is not going to be plush. Remember that you get what you pay for! The rooms are shabby and definitely in need of a refurb but they are clean and that is all that matters to me. Staff are pretty ghetto and unhelpful but thankfully didn't have to have much to do with them. Overall a great location for the price. I would go again.
bubble_10	This hotel is filthy.  The are many hotels in this area.  This former shelter for the homeless and before that a "by-the-hour" hotel when Times Square was in its seedy days has not been improved.  They've just tried to change their clientele.  The rugs are place were to filthy we weer afraid of bugs and then read that this was the hotel that started the whole bed bug scare in Manhattan.
bubble_30	Stayed at Carter with my wife and 3yo child.  I agree with the other reviews, do not panic!  We found it fine.  So close to the action and with a price at a fraction of other hotels.  Yes, the room is small, hot water was a bit on and off, paint was peeling, but more importantly I felt safe and would stay again.  Give it a try, at least for 1 night to see how things go.  Have another place to go to as a back up plan, but if you are realistic about everything then i think you will be fine.  Also, our bed linen and mattress was like brand new.
bubble_50	Was very nervous about staying here after the reviews I read. The place was great. Staff were very nice and helpful. Location is amazing. Have stayed in New York numerous times and have paid much more and the hotels haven't been in such great locations or as clean. The Port Authority is only minutes walk away. Westin hotel is 2 minutes walk away and costs quite a bit more. A post office is on 42nd street,near the port authority. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.
bubble_30	We stayed one night in December and chose this hotel because of its price and location.  To be perfectly honest, I was skeptical but was pleasantly surprised.  The room was spacious, the bedding/towels were clean, and there was plenty of hot water. Checking in and out was fast and the staff was very courteous. There were a few minor drawbacks however. There was no remote for the TV (not a big deal as there were only 2 channels) and the room was stifling hot. All in all, a good place (not a 4 star hotel by any means) to stay for a few days. As others have said, it is located a casual 5 minute walk from Times Square and the theater district.
bubble_30	This hotel is more like a bad Swedish hostel with toilet and shower.  Very run-down hotels, old carpet, the beds are completely over, rust on the taps in the bathroom, TV from the early 80's, air conditioning that sounds more than cool. etc.   Yes, if you can live spartan and with some cockroach in the room and with a piece of hardboard to the door, then this is the absolute best value hotel in New York.  The location is perfect at the hotel and the rooms very cheap, but you get what you pay for when it comes to the rooms.   Would recommend this hotel for young people who want to make New York City and not be in the hotel room more than to sleep.  Do you have children so discourages me from this site, is not suitable for older couples, either. We went as a couple without
bubble_30	I had read previous reviews so my expectations were low. It wasnt as bad as I thought it would be. The rooms are very old but spacious and the sheets and towels were clean. I had no problems with hot water.  There was no cleaning of our room but that was expcted from previous reviews. Really close to broadway and times square so for the money and location I would definately stay there again.We saw a few broadway shows so we literally could leave our room a couple of minutes before a show was starting to get to our seats. Also dont rely on the tour desk for any usefull information, the ladies who worked there didnt give me much of anything when I asked questions.
bubble_30	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the carter hotel from the 1st - 5th December, we as many others have said read the reviews on this site and were very very nervous and apprehensive when we landed at JFK, so much so that we had packed our own towels and bed sheets! We were greeted by a very old looking lobby and signs detailing that they were going through a refurbishment which I could see no evidence of as it was very old and dated. The staff were very friendly and gave us our room key 1539 on the 15th floor. The room itself appeared dirty and very dated however the sheets were clean and the towels were clean. Its worth noting that there is a notice in the lobby behind reception which tells you that you have ten minutes in your room before you cant change so get in quickly and
bubble_40	I stayed here this past Wednesday for one night and the only complaint I have is that when I checked in at 2:30pm, I jumped in for a quick shower and there was no hot water. I took another shower at midnight and there was plenty of hot water then. The next morning at 9am once again, there wasn't any hot water.  I stayed up on the 19th floor and the room I was in was very clean and the carpet was brand new. The bathroom was also clean and the room had a fantastic view. The staff was polite and the 24 hour deli attached to the hotel was good and it has reasonable prices. The location of the Carter is amazing. I will defenetly stay here again!
bubble_30	Ok so it's been voted the Dirtiest Hotel in America. I have to agree with that to some degree but surprisingly the bathroom is clean. Just don't look at the room walls.  No bed bugs though.   However the great location in Times Square and to the various Broadway theaters made up for it. Also with the price, you can't expect Hilton here people. All in all, I would probably stay here again for the price and location.
bubble_50	I was really really really worried about staying here after i had read some of the rooms, but i needn't have been.  We stayed on the 5th floor, double room, brand new bed, v comfy, room warm, bathroom fine, water pressure was awsome!  Hot water all the time.  Steps away from Time Square, for location it was fantastic.  True it is more like a hostel than a hotel, but at the price thats just fine.  If you are looking for luxary, then don't stay here.    By booking this low cost hotel we ended up with an extra $1500 dollars to spend enjoying ourselves!  A no brainer.
bubble_20	We stayed for 3 days in this hotel because we were travelling on a budget. This hotel is everything the review says, a solid 2 star hotel. Hotel Carter gets a perfect rating for its location being steps away from Times Square and close to all other majour attractions. The front desk was relatively friendly and helpful.        The four of us stayed at a room with two double beds. There is no fridge, no microwave available in the room but they do have a microwave in the lobby, the shower was fully functional and the beds were somewhat comfortable. No bed bugs experience, thank goodness. There were a few disturbances with really loud guests beside our room which is beyond the hotels control. At one point I found a small cockroach in the bathtub. There is no room service as our
bubble_10	The location is Excellent. It's located just a few minutes away from the heart of Times Square.  However, the uncleanliness, poor conditions of the hotel, being given 5 different rooms only to end up in the worst one of them all, the sheer rudeness of the manager on duty and the fact that we were given a room that was already occupied by a half naked man all equal...Never Again!!!  The pictures below are just some of the pictures taken from "unfortunate adventure" at Hotel Carter.    I understand that it's a cheap hotel and like I stated at the beginning of this review...the location is Excellent, but the hotel and the lack of customer service by the manager on duty need to be revamped..completely. Just because it's a cheap hotel, doesn't mean I as a consumer should expect
bubble_20	Okay so youve looked at the price of this hotel and the location and thought its great, then you read the majority of reviews Here was my experience.  Upon arrival you have to carry your bags up 10 stairs to the lobby. I have to say the reception staff were friendly and happy. All male but smart and helpful. We were given our room and proceeded up to the 16th floor. Opened the door to a dirty room. Went back down down, they apologised gave us another room. Went back up, another dirty room with only one bed! Now some people may get mad but we had read the reviews so when we appeared back in the lobby we were laughing and the concierge said no way, not another dirty room. We were given a third key card and but then the receptionist said he would go up and check. 30 minutes
bubble_10	A group of us arrived at the hotel at 10pm after a long flight from London. The staff were rude and unhelpful and we were told that the rooms would not be ready for 3 hours.  When we eventually got our rooms, the rooms were dirty, and were not cleaned during the entire stay, the paint was peeling of the walls in many places, one bed was held up by telephone directories, What is believed to have been rat poison was found under one of the beds,    In one of the rooms there was a large hole in the door to of the toilet where the lock and handle should have been.  Avoid this hotel at all costs.
bubble_30	We chose Carter just because of the location. It's just a couple of corners from Times Square and you can easily find your way to anywhere. Hotel itself is very modest, rooms are ugly but cheap. We were checking out the town and we needed a place to sleep. We knew what we paid for! I can't recommend if you're traveling with kids or look for something fancy.
bubble_30	Read the reviews pre-trip and took a chance on this hotel, going for value for money and location over amenities and style....and that's pretty much what I got!  The  hotel is in desperate need of upgrading, it's pipes etc creak and clank, it's deco is so old, room furniture is mismatched and rickety, bathrooms get hot water sometimes but do have a powerful water flow when it's running!  So, it's not the place for a romantic break but it is the place for a cheap and cheerful hotel, no frills but a great location for the tourist  who wants to be in central Manhattan which I did.  Get over the lack of style etc and just treat it as somewhere to put your head down at night which is what we did, we got what we paid for!
bubble_40	First of all, I would like to thank to everyone who caused my nervous breakdown when I read the reviews! We've paid the whole amount in advance and there was a lot to lose if we canceled. Expecting the worse place ever, we entered the hotel. And yes, the staff was a bit immigrant, and so what? they also have to work somewhere. They were all kind and at service. The hotel is old and huge and you can't expect a lot of 1* hotel. Full of fears, we went on 12th floor, to see our room. I brought my own linen and towels, due to horrible reviews but there was a nice surprise when we opened the door of the room. Everything was clean and tidy. Ok, it was old and not beautiful, but who cares. You are in NY, sleeping on Times Square, you have clean bathroom with hot water, clean linen and a
bubble_40	Location is obviously great, right near Time Square where you can easily walk to central park, empire state, bryant park etc. Lots of subway stops nearby, and small places to get food.  As for hotel, it is much better than the reviews lead us to believe. The staff were helpful, lifts werent the speediest, but no real bother. Corridors were a bit dark, but the room was big, with maybe the largest bed we have ever slept on, large closet, and quiet which meant for a good couple of nights sleep. No signs of bugs or rats! Sure, we wore flip flops in the room, and the carpet to wall join looked a bit gribby, and bathroom wasnt the most modern place in the world ever, but for these prices in New York it was fine, much better than some rubbush hostels Ive stayed in and the actual
bubble_10	The Carter Hoter 43rd street West, NY State Well its no good going on about spilt milk, you have probably by now read the other reviews about the Carter Hotel  I would like to see the British tourist board fully investigate this place & make the holiday companies who have sold & continue to sell this vermin infested filthy place to us the British public for accomodation purposes pay us every penny back,   Someone really needs to stop these companies who still promote & sell this this dirty filthy place to us. Please, If someone from the tourist board or anyone with powers are reading this then please take time to read the other reviews that have been posted & see the numerous pictures and do something about this place now!!  You have to draw a line with what you are prepared to
bubble_30	At Hotel Carter, you get a cheap room in a great location, half a block away from Times Square. So there are concessions to be made. The entrance and lobby of the hotel looks like they are in the middle of a renovation, except that nobody is working to actually renovate. The elevators make weird noises and should probably be displayed in a museum. Everything needs a new coat of paint.  Our room was small but clean. It had a large closet which lacked a light and had a single coat hanger. The bathroom was large and clean and the shower was very good.  The interactions with the hotel staff were good and they were quick to provide us with additional pillows.
bubble_10	not only did i get sent to a room that was already occupied--very embarassing - but when i returned to the desk ( carrying luggage and all) i was greeted  rudely. My next room had no heat, no phone to call the front desk ( what if emergency ??) and when i went to close the drapes the  whole thing metal rod and all fell down on my head.  When i did complain to front desk they were again rude. I was given the wrong email for the manager .I am a nyer who had to stay in the city for one night and needed to fly out early the next AM- calling from out of town the following day  i was told this manager Erwin Lumanglas  would only handle complaints in person and i needed to fly back- so meet with him!  I said obviously most people who stay in hotels don't live local   and that would
bubble_10	This hotel is a real disaster!! When you arrive to the hotel, the lobby looks amazing. However the reality starts when the elevator arrives to the room floors. The carper is very dirty. The door of the room looks like it was made more than 50 years ago and it has never been remodeled. The worse part starts when you get into the room. The carpet is even worse than the hallway ones. The walls have a lot of mold around all the bedroom and the bathroom. The sheets and the towels are dirty too. They include  something like coffee stains.The toilet was leaking, so the bathroom seems like a pool. I can't believe that a hotel like this continues operating in this horrible condition.
bubble_10	I wanted to save a few dollars and thought "how bad could it be?" and booked the room anyway.  my wife and I checked in on November 3rd for 5 nights. when we walked into the room, there was this horrible smell. We proceeded to go further in and inspect the room quickly because there is a 10 minute cancellation policy at the hotel. my wife opened up the dresser drawer that was barely holding up a television set from the 70's. There was a used tampon in it! WE WERE SHOCKED! HOW COULD THIS BE?? How could the housekeeper Make a room up, yet leave a used tampon in the drawer? was this some kind of joke? we quickly ran down to the front desk and informed them of this sick news.  The lady at the front desk did not even seem to be shocked. She did apologize and offered us to show us two
bubble_30	When I arrived on the Newark International Airport, the U.S. VISA officer read my immigration form and said to me: "Hotel Carter uh? Well, good luck!". And I guess his wishes came true, since I actually did find my accommodation pretty nice. No, it is NOT the greatest hotel in NY, but if you're looking for a cheap hotel in Manhattan: Carter is definitely a keeper. Good aspects: Subway and bus terminals at Time Square can take you anywhere, and the rooms presented well enough space / Bad aspects: standards below average in terms of hygiene and services in general.
bubble_10	I was looking for an inexpensive hotel to spent one night in and boy did I get what I paid for.  This place is dingy, filthy dirty and creepy as hell!  Upon entering my "room"  the first thing I see is a scetch of a penis on the wall, the door jam was hanging off and there was no heat.  Other than making the beds the houskeeping in this hotel do nothing at all.  The room was dusty the bathroom was ok but the bathtub was disgusting!  I reported it to the front desk and I was told that the cleaning staff goes home at 5pm and they didn't know what to tell me. There was a decent view on the "terrace" but that too was dirty and full of cigarette butts. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again if they gave me the room for free. Save yourself the trouble.
bubble_30	If you're looking for somewhere cheap to crash in a great, central NY location, this 'no frills' hotel is a good bet.  As two twenty-something girls from England, we were worried by some of the reviews on this site but we were pleased to find the hotel wasn't nearly as bad as described.  The rooms are basic (and on a par with some youth hostels we've previously stayed in) but they were clean and convenient for a four-night stay in a city where there's so much to do, it's a crime to spend any time in your hotel anyway!  Good points:  The location is excellent, steps from Times Square and the 42nd St subway.   The hotel reception staff were friendly and we were given a free upgrade on our room on arrival.  The rooms are spacious and in our experience were bug free!  The hotel felt
bubble_10	I never thought I'd call a hotel creepy, but if there ever was one, the Hotel Carter is it. My girlfriend and I had extremely low expectations for this place and honestly just needed a place to crash for the night... assuming bed bugs were out of that equation.  When I first entered the room, the bed wasn't made. Usually it's pretty understood that beds are usually made in hotels before each new guest arrives. Upon TOUCHING the comforter, I was greeted by a swarm of small bugs. I'm a laid back traveler but yeah.. no thanks.  What struck me as odd thoguh was that when I complained, the employee/clerk did nothing. I'm guessing he was so used to this happening. He just gave us another room without question and without words.   In our second room, the toilet water was an awesome
bubble_20	We have to give this hotel 10/10 for location but it was the scruffiest hotel we have stayed in.  The beds were at a forty five degree angle, paintwork chipping and we had no hot water in the morning or evening (we came back at 3pm to get a shower).  It was very depressing to stay in but we did find our room clean even though the bed covers were threadbear.  The worst were the holes between the air-con and the metal plates which let cold air into the room.  It may have been cheap for NY but I resented the money we did pay for such a run down hotel.
bubble_40	Stayed with a friend for 7 nights in late October (snow storm). 1st - Location is great near 42nd Street and the Subway, taking you there from JFK is very efficient. Total cost from JFK with Airtrain ($5) and Subway ($2,25) is amazing for what its all worth compared to cabs etc. We had some trouble checking in, although at least three people behind the counter. Finally they understood we had booked for one week and not only for one night... We got a cardkey on the 17th floor. Room 1700.  The rooms are not big. Two separate beds, a TV (without remote and about 7 channels) a closet, a bathroom. Everything was fairly clean.  We saw no insects or bugs during the whole stay. We had hot and cold water. The AC was working fine and it was the newest thing in the room.  We had no
bubble_10	Extremely filthy!  Never mind 'you get what you pay for' - when you book a 'basic hotel' you expect clean and basic, so expecting it to be like a 'travel lodge' we booked into this hotel. We were directed to our first room, which was absolutely filthy.  We complained and was found a 2nd room - this wasn't even made up, dirty bedsheets on the floor, filthy walls etc.  We complained again.  Our 3rd room was also awful.  As we were staying only 2 nights we decided to put up with it.  We didn't get undressed for bed or take a shower, it was all too grimey.  The bedspread had huge stains on it and had an awful smell.  We asked for it to be changed.  We were given another one, more or less the same.  The staff were rude and didn't care less about very unhappy customers who were lining
bubble_30	Being in a really tight budget, we decided to go ahead and book this hotel, despite the many bad reviews. So we where not expecting much, with that being said we arrived and no kidding this hotel is right smack in the middle of times square, with the city at your doorstep, you hardly notice the peeling wallpaper in the hallway or the stained carpets. Our room was in the 12th floor, (we foun out the last day that the slow renovation progress had just reached the 10th floor..D'oh!)  The room was clean, and most important bedbug free! Please note, the water in the shower was warm at best, so if you love your hot showers be warned! We had a baby stroller with us, and to reach the lobby is a couple if stairs (no ramp) so that was an inconvenience. Overall, for the price and location
bubble_10	The best that can be said is that I left without any bedbug sightings. This is the most dilapidated place i have ever stayed in in NYC, and was a fully depressing experience. it is being renovated, but the lack of care given to the most rudimentary things like hanging the drapes correctly and making sure an electrical box was IN the wall and not projecting out, as well as a mirror on the floor behind its dresser, were just a sign that management did not care. To be fair, a fellow at the front desk switched me from my original room assignment (which I would not have stayed in on a dare - blood under the bottom sheet) to another room that at least had soap and towels and appeared to have been cleaned. Had to ask for hangers. Couldn't get a wake up call (phone would not connect me
bubble_30	I read alot of reviews on Trip Advisor before booking this hotel, and admit to being skiddish on my arrival, so lets begin with the GOOD POINTS FIRST.  The location is less than 1/2 block from the EPICENTER of Times Square (smack dab between 8th Ave and 7th Ave). I booked the room for two nights ($99 per night) which you will NOT FIND for this location anywhere in Times Square. The room had a private bath (in my research the cheap hotels were not this close to T.S. and had shared baths with neighbors). Water pressure is the best I've ever experienced (like at home) and the water was perfect temperature (hot). There was soap and shampoo/conditioner and towels in room (to debunk another review that stated it was non-existent). The hotel is currently under much needed repairs and
bubble_30	You can't get a better deal than this in Manhattan!!! People who seem to not have money to spend, want fancy places and diss this place. I stayed there for a week with a friend of mine in May, 2011. We had a great time... The check - in process was a little slow but it's understandable as May is the peak tourism time. The lobby was not very clean, a little old and dusty but the room was fine. Very small room but it still had the basic requirements. Clean double bed, T.V, Desk, Closet for coats and suitcases and a bathroom with warm water. I'd suggest you use your own towels as the ones provided were a little stained and also you may wanna use your own soap and shampoo. It isn't the best place I have stayed in but given the location which is right in TIMES SQUARE, you couldn't
bubble_40	Ok so this isn't the most amazing hotel ever, but it's probably the cheapest you're going to find and it's right on Time square. We stayed at the Carter for 4 nights and we had no problems. The rooms are a little dated but they were clean and a good size and it's not like you're going to be spending that much time there.  I would definitely recommend if you're on a budget!
bubble_30	1.Nyc is expensive.  So, saving money here is the KEY.  If youre a person who is used to full service hotels when you travel. THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU.  The hotel was built in the 1920's and the basic structure/amenites offered have not changed. (no exercise room, no restaurant, no upgrades in TV's/cable offered,very basic bathrooms and room decor) 2.For the age of the building, the place is clean and safe by American standards. 3. If you love to go to NYC to shop or for Theater than it doesnt get much better than this for the price. USE CASH SAVED FOR THE EXTRA STUFF  I read these reviews and studied the pics and realized I wanted to save money so, I made the experience easy for me.  Its smart buy a bundle of plastic hangers at Duane Reade because there are none in the
bubble_40	I read a lot of really bad reviews about this hotel prior to booking and after thinking it through I decided to book the hotel nevertheless. That's when I also noticed that most really bad reviews were from quite some time ago and the newer they were the better they got.  Upon arrival we noticed that the hotel apparently is taking some time and money to renovate the entrance and lobby and although it was a little bit of a mess, the staff apologized first thing and we honestly didn't care, since the renovation did not seem to involve any major, noisy structural work.  We asked for the best room they could offer and a nice staff member took our suitcases and took us upstairs to the fourth floor. He entered first, and probably because of all the bad reviews, checked everything. He
bubble_30	HOWEVER!!! at 99.00 a nite in midtwn NYC....and a queensize bed i dont care if the TV is from 1988 and carpet is gross and the water pressure is weak on the 17th floor...  if ur in NYC GET OUT OF YOUR HOTEL ROOM and see the city in the 10 years i have been using the Carter as a last minute hotel... i have not seen bugs, i have asked for more towels, i have asked for a better room  and i will continue to use it when all else is not available
bubble_10	pieces of carpet remnants, dirty bedding, plumbing in bathroom doesn't work. not as bad as it was in the 90's with crack addicts,dealers and tv hookers all over. strip joint adjacent to hotel. not a place for kids, save your money for a better place.
bubble_40	This hotel is fantastic for anyone travelling to New York who just wants a clean bed to sleep in and don't expect much for the price! Having heard some of the horrific reviews before I went,  I felt it was my duty to write about my experience for those who are worried about what they are in for as i was. Basically, it is a shabby hotel which is currently undergoing improvements as you will notice in the lobby, but nonetheless, the rooms and bed sheets are clean and who cares about anything other than that when you'll be out in the city that never sleeps!!
bubble_10	I don't mind inexpensive dives but this place was just the pits. I was uncomfortable from the minute we pulled up. Due to a delayed flight we didn't arrive until 4:45 AM. The street outside the hotel was crawling with drunks and hookers. The lobby wasn't much better. Since we were only staying two nights (and one of them was pretty much over already by the time we arrived) we decided to suck it up and stay.   The room was depressingly sparse, not a picture or any decoration to be found. The bed was so bad it felt like we were sleeping on the box spring. The only saving grace of the room was the shower, which had amazing water pressure and lots of hot water.   If location is more important than cleanliness than this is a good choice. I. however, will walk a few extra blocks on my
bubble_10	I mean if you are in your right mind do not book a room here rats and mice are in this hotel Here is a list of decent hotels to stay in that are cheap Herald Square Hotel on 31st and between 5th and 6th is good.  Portland Square Hotel is good too.  These are economical and clean forget the carter no way
bubble_40	Dont expect a great hotel... its an old and dirty one. Being old isnt an excuse, because almost every other hotel around is the same age without being so moldy and dusty. Rooms werent cleaned everyday - in fact only once during the whole week I stayed there with my wife. Wi-fi only if you go downstairs to the lobby.... no restaurants, only a poor quality deli outside the lobby. In fact it seems the hotel dont have anyone in charge to take care of its problems. But, come on!!! We were there to enjoy NYC, the city that never sleeps! We woke up every mornig around 8 am, took a shower - the shower was great, hot water was ok - and then left the hotel.... spent the whole day outside. Come back by 6 PM, another shower and - outside again! When we finnaly got back to sleep, around
bubble_30	I  stayed here last year.The hotel was Ok ! The rooms where small and old. but if you are looking for a place just to sleep,this should be fine.This hotel is located right next to the Time Square and I could see Madame Tussauds right outside my window.  If you are single and with friends this hotel will save lot of time in moving around to see different attractions.For families,I don't think is a really good one.
bubble_10	After many years backpacking in Europe staying in almost any lodging available (young hostels, rooms w/ shared bstroons, bed and breakfast, even overnight trains) this is easily one of the worst hotels I ever stay. First of all NYC is much more that Times Square, actualy I think locals don't speed that much time here. The hotel is very old and need lots of remodeling. The corridor are dark and have a mold odor. The room has a queen bed, no bedbugs, bed sheets never change....this was actually better because a don't fill secure and don't want any of the staff on my room. I stay because a friend that live in NYC find this hole for me (thx K) believe you can't find great hotels for the same price at the city just do your homework.
bubble_40	I read bad comments about Carter but hotel is quite good and in best possition!!!
bubble_30	I stayed here this weekend.  I was a little worried about the hotel based on reviews but it wasn't terrible.  The location is worth 5 stars.  I took the bus in from the airport and it is 2 blocks from the Port Authority Bus terminal.  1/2 block to Time Square and convenient for walking everywhere.  I have been to NYC about a dozen times and usually I avoid Times Square having done that before but now realize how truly convenient the area is to go anywhere in the city.  I will stay here in future when I can as all I want in NYC is a place to leave stuff and sleep.  The room was cheap, a quad for $150 a night.  With 2 friends sharing the room with me we each had to pay $50.  You can't get hostel bed in NYC for that price.  The room was small.  The beds were soft and clean.  The
bubble_30	My partner and I stayed in Hotel Carter for 5 days. Yes clearly it isnt the most modern or luxurious of hotels but come on! You're in New York City, Times Square to be exact!!!!   After i had read al of the reviews, my stomach was literally in knots from the airport to the hotel, i felt a bit sick walking into the hotel from fear of what i had read.... I had NOTHING to worry about. Seriously! And this is coming from a girl who stays in 5* hotels whenever i go away..   Once we had got in the hotel you can tell its a bit old and slightly grubby looking but we stayed open minded! We checked in within 5 mins and were on the 21st floor, room 2100. The lift looks a bit old and dodgy but it was fine and very quick. Our room was not one of the renovated ones but the room was clean, the
bubble_20	I stayed here with 2 of my girl friends for 2 weeks. When we checked in they gave us a tiny room with 2 double beds when we booked the triple room which is meant to have a king bed and double.. we went back downstairs to complain and the man tried to tell us a triple room was 2 double beds when on the website it clearly says 1 king and 1 double. eventually he gave up and gave us the room we paid for. Also, I bought a new pair of shoes and wore them once then left them near the door of the room and when we came back to our room one of the shoes were missing. We couldn't figure out how it could of gone missing until we saw the cleaners change our sheets. They pulled the sheets off the beds and threw them on the ground then scooped them up from the ground without a care of anything
bubble_30	OK. This joint was not flash, but it was incredibley convienent to times square (public transport) and everything New York has to offer. If you're planning on going to New York, and sitting in a hotel and enjoying a view, don't stop here. If you want to have a room that's safe, convenient, friendly staff, cheap and a bit grotty, this is for you. We (family of 4 from Australia) landed there and stayed for a week in September 2010. We hit the streets early every day, stayed out late each night or as late as you can with 2 kids. The hotel was well suited for us as it was really cheap, great location, not flash, but adequate. It is also a hotel that just keeps on giving, because it took me 2 weeks to get rid of the tinea! My kids remember it fondly, not because of the size of the
bubble_30	I just got back from a weekend at Hotel Carter. First off, it is not as bad as made out to be. I read a ton of aweful reviews before my stay so expected the worst! Not that bad. Was old, not well maintained, and room could have been cleaner.(Rug/furniture) But bed and sheets were clean. WE THOUGHOULY INSPECTED BEDS! They were fine. The shower got hot water faster than the previous times square hotel I stayed in in the spring, and this one was a 3rd of the price! We are 3 females age 30 and under...not once did we feel unsafe. I would stay here again. Just wouldn't bring small kids who climb all over and touch everything!
bubble_10	I booked this hotel and was impressed with the location and price so was determined to accept that it would be basic but acceptable. What I was not prepared for was the number of bed bug bites I with which I awoke in the morning.  Check in was satisfactory and the room was simple and very basic but functional. The bathroom was OK, however, the bed was uncomfortable.  I received a large number of bites from bed bugs that took a number of days to clear.   DON"T STAY HERE!!!!!!
bubble_40	I dont get the whiners about this hotel. Yeah its the best price near Times Square. If you want classy and lots of extras go pay 5 times the price somewhere else. If all you do is use the hotel for sleeping this is the place. Ok let me list the good things about the hotel:  Times square is a 2 minute walk. Subway is a 2 minute walk.  STARBUCKS is around the corner. If you want cheaper coffee McDonalds is right next to starbucks. If you want really weak coffee, use the little coffee shop right next to the hotel. Taxis are easy to get here.  If you need pizza late at night theres a killer place across the street from starbucks.  Restaurant Row is a 8 minute walk from the hotel. Taxi from LGA airport is around 25 bucks. The TV in the room had 5 channels all in english.  3G works
bubble_30	me and a friend of mine, went to New York September 23-27, didnt want to spend alot on a hotel as we seen hotel prices in New York find this hotel on the internet worry alittle about the reviews on here, but figure for the price we would gamble a chance, got to the hotel little nervous, but was happy once got there, room was fine hotel smell of paint as the was fixing it up, the hotel is old but we never once felt out of place,  room was clean not a 5 star hotel, but if you want a cheap hotel with a nice location, pick this place, trust me you wont be doing much other than sleeping and cleaning up, its New York a city that truly never sleeps, my only suggest would be to bring your own towel as the hotels are a little small and thin, kind like motel 6 towels, but basic hotel and
bubble_30	My husband and i stayed here for the last leg of our honeymoon for 1 night in Seoptember.  As it was our honeymoon we originally wanted to stay somewhere nice but reality took a hit and seeing as we knew we would get to the room at 2pm and need to be away by 1pm the  next day ad had dinner and a show booked we weren't spending much time there. check in wasn't my favourite but it did the job.  when we got to our floor the smell took my breath away but luckily our door was opposite the lift.  we did have to break our door down to get into the room and when we told reception they didn't give 2 hoots.  our window looked onto a brick wall whcih is a shame as i understand it is possible to get amazing views but again - how much time were we spending here.  saying all that i am glad it
bubble_40	Located 5 mins from port authority bus terminal, and right on the doorstep of TImes Square, it doesn't get better located for budget travellers visiting Manhattan. It was basic; sheets were washed but stained, the tv only picked up 1 channel and even then needed to be plugged into the only working socket which happened to be in the bathroom. There was running hot water (though a friend in a seperate room said he had none), and air conditioning that was loud but just about effective. Carpets didn't look too clean, but quite frankly for the price I paid, I wasn't bothered about that. Fresh towels every day, so that was ok. Our door didn't shut easily, so one morning two workman came and sorted it out with large power tools even though we were still sleeping. That was odd, but at
bubble_40	I stayed at the Carter hotel for 4 nights, 27/9-/10. when i came there i expected the worst because of the reveiws i read here, and so i was surprised to see that the room was clean, no bed bugs, which i was scared of the most, there was everything i needed in the room. the room was cleaned on the 2nd day. the AC worked, the TV worked, the phone worked, the only problem i had with the room was that  the key to the door didnt work for time to time and they had to change it for me a few times, but the staff were very nice and came with me to the room to fix the problem. in general the staff were very nice and helpfull with every problem. True, they charge 25$ for wireless connection for a week (10$ for 24 hours)  and 2$ for storing luggage in luggage room, but they are the
bubble_20	We were in Carter Hotel during 7th-11th of September 2011 and before going there we read all the rewiews here and were a little scared.. But the hotel was not bad but not luxory either. Clean sheets, towels, hot water from the shower, no bed bugs... Old fashioned tv, but so what, we didnt came here to watch tv!!! Everything worked well, check in and check out, cleaner came once, what is fine for so short stayig.  Location perfect!!  We are a normal working class couple aged 36 and recommend this for couples who love to travel and see different places like us!!  Would definitely go threre again!!
bubble_40	Just stayed at the hotel carter last week until monday. No bed bugs like some people wrote and housekeeping came every other day. Our tv had basic cable but we weren't in the city to stay in a room and watch tv. For the price definitely served the purpose as a place to sleep. Great price and location right on times square. Can't ask for better.
bubble_40	The location greatly makes up for the lack of cleanliness of the hotel.  Half a block away from Times Square, location-wise you cannot go wrong.  This hotel is perfect for groups of young people / travelers on a budget.  Costs can be cut by squeezing more people into the rooms, which is (unofficially) accepted to a certain degree (ie: fitting 6 into a twin room) as long as you are discrete about it, and don't make too much noise.  Internet is no longer free in the lobby, but is at a very cheap price and general service is good.  Staff are friendly and helpful.   I stayed at this hotel 4 times over a 2 month period of working and traveling in NYC.  In the summer it is popular and all 700 rooms fill up quickly, especially on a weekend.   Any other time of year or early summer, you
bubble_30	Just stayed at the Carter. No as bad as people write here. Clean Sheets and no bed bugs. Cleaning lady came every two days. TV in the room with basic channels. Private bathroom and shower. Location is just next to Times Square. And under $100 per night. What more can you expect, seriously?
bubble_30	A nice place to stay when you're visiting New York for a short time, because it is right next to Time Square where are the fun and excitement of the City is. Beautiful night life nearby, the hotel is decent - not too big because it's near to Time Square but really nice. It has free internet in the lobby. Not really worth it unless you don't mind staying at an old hotel. It took sometime before we also got to our rooms.
bubble_20	I had read all the reviews, seen the photos, and knew what I was getting myself into when I booked this hotel for a 3 day weekend girls trip to NYC. I would typically rather pay the extra money to stay at a better place, but the price here was just so astronomically low for New York, let alone the location, that I figured why not just suck it up and deal with the downsides for one weekend. After all, I knew my friends and I would barely be at the hotel anyway. The first red flag was when I called to confirm the reservation and subsequently again to ask about parking, and both times I had to call multiple times because the phone just kept ringing, and both times I got a different person on the phone who was rude and acted confused as to why I would care to confirm a reservation
bubble_10	I booked online in June of this year for a stay on Labor Day Weekend, received a confirmation number upon arrival not only did I not have a room they were rude and would not help me locate another room tried to blame it on some internet glitch which I was not about to believe would never trust this establishment again.
bubble_30	Stayed here for 2 nights Mid September 2011, I went in expecting below average and that's what I got. The shower water only got luke warm, the towels were poor quality, the bath tub water did not run out quickly while showering. On the 22nd floor, some street noise but no more then other apartments I have stayed in in nyc. Overall for the money and the location, it's a dirt cheap hotel. Bed was ok, not uncomfortable, Sheets weren't great but they felt clean. If I wanted to stay in the Westin next door I would have paid at least 3 times as much.
bubble_30	We stayed in this 1 star hotel in august 2011.  We stayed 3 nights, bed linen clean, changed on the second night.  Its a old hotel, so interior is very poor, but if this did not bother you and your are on a budget, I would recommend this hotel.  Reception was very helpful, there was a information centre opened for taking booking to the sites from 9 in the morning, till 10 at night thuis was great use.
bubble_20	Stayed here 9th - 15th Sept, with my daughter. Our flight had been delayed for over 2hrs, so when we arrived to check in I was shocked to be told that if we had been much later,our room would have been let to someone else. Don't know how they can do this if you have already paid for you room. The reception staff are polite and friendly, but as for the hotel it is serious need of updating. I know they say you get what you pay for... but I am sure you are entitled to a clean room, the only thing clean in my room was the sheets. The rest was filthy, I took my own sheets and towels with me after reading reviews,glad I did as the towels are not that great. I also took bathroom wipes with me, that is a must as the rooms are not cleaned thoughout the stay. Another bit of advice take
bubble_40	Dates of our stay: 8-13th Sept 2011 (5 nights)  We arrived at Port Authority Bus Station at around 5pm, and walked the less than 2 blocks to the Carter Hotel on W 43rd St.  We had seen photos on the hotel website, so the look of the outside didn't faze us!  Inside, we were met by marble walls, heavily patterned carpets and flurescent lighting (so cheesy!) but we were quickly checked in and headed up to our room on the 17th floor.  There is a concierge desk, where you can book theatre tickets, a shuttle to the 3 airports and get info on pretty much anything, in the lobby (aswell as computers with internet access - small fees apply - and vending machines.)  The lifts are old but in good working order (if a little small for the amount of guests the hotel can obviously accomodate).
bubble_10	can't get worst So dirty and unfriendly place Iwouldn't return there even if it's free
bubble_10	We arrived after a long bus journey on Saturday night so were looking forward to getting into bed. On the front door there was a sign to say 'no more check ins' but we ignored this as we had a reservation. When we got to the desk the rude man said he couldnt check us in and hadnt we seen the signs?! We explained we had a reservation and had already paid for 2nights online. He tod us to look around because lots of people were sat around the lobby all with the same problem. They had an admin error and overbooke by 400 people...! We kicked up a fuss but werent rude and all they said was that it wasnt their problem! Nowhere else nearby in NY had free rooms so we had no choice but to sleep on the floor in the hotel lobby with about 100 other people. 15 hours later...we were given a
bubble_30	I've got to say this hotel really isn't that bad, its just old. We checked the room when we arrived and did not find anything bad, it was clean and seemed to have been remodeled. Staff was not overly nice but they weren't rude either.   Our room had two full size beds, with a window that faced 43rd street. The beds were VERY comfortable, so much that my friends literally did not want to get out of bed in the morning. There is a TV, we couldnt find a remote and theres probably 10-11 channels, but you're in Times Square who cares about TV? The water would get hot without delay, and everything was functional.  The location is amazing, its half a block from Times Square and the Subway is on the next street. Theres also a restaurant right next to the hotel and its not that expensive.
bubble_30	i went to nyc with my hubby and 3 year old baby.i was skeptical by reading the reviews but when i saw the room i was bit relaxed. room was small but clean bathroom was also clean,no bedbugs no stains on the sheet it was good and worth for the money.just a min away from times square. come on guys $100/night in nyc thats worth i feel but to be on safer side i carried blankets and i guess we got the renovated room so never had any problem and they even clean the room alternatively.we stayed there for 4 nights and am happy with the stay
bubble_10	We made a reservation 1 month a go and when we got there the receptionist told us that they had an overbooking and  they don't  have a room for us, he told us that we have to leave!  We had no place to go. So we waited for 2 hours in the lobby and they gave us a dirty and messy room! The bathroom was disgusting, and the beds were dirty.  In the next night there were about 30 people sleeping in the lobby because there were no rooms anymore. The staff was rude and irresponsible. Take a look at the picture in my review, that is the ceiling of the bathroom!
bubble_10	The good - Location  The bad - Leaking toilet, filthy bath, bed bugs, filthy carpet, blocked sink, It stinks, key card that doesn't work half the time, the imbecile called Saeed at the front desk. All this for $120/night This is easily the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.
bubble_30	Although this is an old hotel, it is nowhere near as bad as travellers here make it out to be. You get what you pay for. It is a cheap hotel, in a great location. We had no troubles. Our room was serviced every couple of days, the front desk staff were great and the security guards too. If you want a cheap hotel close to the subways and walking distance from NYC action, this place is a go ahead. If you want anything other than that, you will have to go elsewhere. But for what it's worth, we had a good 2 weeks at Hotel Carter with no bed bugs or troubles of any kind.
bubble_40	It was my first trip with my girlfriend, and we had a great time in nyc because the hotel was at 30seconds from times square and close to everything. The Room had no bugs, it was clean, i also booked for a double bed for me and my gf and they gave us a king size bed, with a nice view from our room!! If you want the same room, i had 1529. To pay 107$ the night to be right in times square, i would repeat the experience anytime.
bubble_10	Don't stay here.  Don't listen to the reviews that say it is ok.  It is not.  I have backpacked Europe,Australia, Morocco stayed at youth hostels, hotels with shared bathrooms.  I am NOT a princess.  I have low standards especially for a hotel in NYC that cost $100.  If you want to believe the reviews that say it is ok, then book it directly through the hotel.  That way you are allowed to look at your room and you have 10 minutes to decide if you want your money back.  Any hotel that has that as a sign in their lobby tells you something.  Unfortunately for us, we booked through a 3rd party. (hotels.com) If you can stand the smell of urine in the hallways that make me gag, then power to you. I was mostly scared that I would bring bed bugs home with me!!! (I didn't actually see
bubble_30	It was dirt cheap, in Times Square, in a summer week-end - so yes it was tiny, it was not luxurious at all, but overall it looks like an average youth hostel. It is a little sketchy but we never felt unsafe or in danger or whatever. Nothing was really great, except the location. Bathroom was tiny, hot water came after a while only. Blinds might as wel not be there, it was very bright early morning. Street was busy too, so a lot of noise. It was perfect just for a week-end visiting New York - we were in the room just to shower and sleep, so that served its purpose. No roaches or any wildlife of that kind. We had to call maintenance to fix the toilet at one point, they came promptly. People at the main desk are not extremely nice, but that was okay since we didn't feel like
bubble_30	I was afraid of the bad reports for this hotel, but once I got there, it was fine. Room was clean, sheets had no stains, shower worked and my room was cleaned after 2 days. The staf was ok, no complaints with anyone. I had questions on how to get somwhere and they helped and told me how to ge there and gave me a handy larg map.  dont read the bad reviews!!! remember that this is NY and you are there to se the city not the room. We were touring the city and only came back to sleep and shower.  The Carter is a few feet from Times Square, so thats a plus! Those people that complian want 5 star service for a 2 star price!  Carte is cool, simple clean and the location is great!  oh and I read that the TVS only have 2-3 channesl.....who comes to NY to whatch TV??   so dont read the
bubble_10	I found a rat in my room! Should I speak more?   This hotel should be demolided.
bubble_30	Stayed at Hotel Carter for two nights in early August. Lobby uninviting, front desk clerks were never overfriendly. Room 1103 had just been remodeled...two queen beds dominated room space but there was a huge closet (no hangers, just hooks). Bathroom of good size, newly tiled. Adequate towels. Funny situation with hot water as we had to open the sink faucet at the same time as the shower was running and let it warm up. TV was new, but no remote and had to stand on desk chair to change channels after they got it working. Elevator service was great. Still, all in all, since we weren't in our room that much over the course of three days, it was fine for three guys. Not sure that my wife would be comfortable there. Two minute walk to TImes Square and for the price we paid, it was
bubble_10	Worst hotel i've ever been! Everything was dirty and old. Bed bugs, stains everywhere. You don't want to sleep here! When we came in there were used tissues everywhere around the room. Toothbrushes and empty bottles under the bed. They haven't cleaned here for weeks/months/years.
bubble_10	This is truly hotel hell. FILTHY! My feet got dirty after my so called shower walking from the bathroom to my bed. I wish I had read reviews before I booked a room. Please take my advise and spend more money and go to a different hotel. I cant believe this hotel was even listed as an option for people. I would like to know what kind of health department new york has to allow this place to be open. No towels, no maid service, no remote for the tv, but it doesnt work anyway so I guess it didnt matter. If you still insist on staying here good luck.
bubble_10	I'll keep this brief as it is not worth my time, but if it prevents even one person from staying here..it's worth it. 1) UNSANITARY (used soap and unidentified hairs in the bathroom) 2) Rodents on the 16th floor 3) Cockroaches (and don't tell me it's NYC..they shouldn't be visible). 4) Lost luggage. Found after we had to look for it in shady storage rooms.  (like this matters based on 1-3) This place was a glorified youth hostile and saying it was "glorified" is not a compliment. I slept in my clothes and threw them out.  Sweet baby Jesus, It should be condemned.
bubble_10	This place was horrible! I stayed here with a friend and the first time she used the toilet, the water came back out of the toilet -discusting!! We tried to change hotels but seeing as though we booked with another agency it just proved to be too difficult.... The only good thing is the location - nothing else!!!
bubble_40	It's not that bad AT ALL. I am a 20 year old female who's barely been outside my back yard and I came to NYC alone to stay in the Carter for almost a week in the room next to the one where they found the dead hooker (see the Wikipedia article). I felt safe and just fine- the room wasn't that bad considering you're 50 feet from Times Square and paying about $100/night. Things to know if you're considering the Carter: If you're snotty/rude, don't bother. This isn't the Ritz Carlton and the staff will not kiss your butt. KNOW how to check THOROUGHLY for bedbugs before you whine about being covered in bites. The first room they gave me, despite the beautiful view, had a few small signs of bedbugs. I asked quietly and respectfully for another room and was given one sans bedbugs (yes,
bubble_10	This Hotel. What should I say, it is in a prime location. Maybe they don't have to care what people say here still can get the money rolling in. What you need to know it is- If you stay more than a day, don't be surprise if you came back the next day the room didn't clear up at all. called the front desk and they said In one hour they will send someone up to clean the room. we went out and came back 3 hours late. The room still the same no clean. Also no hair dryer in room. Called Front desk, told us go down to get one. but when we get down there, they said "hotel does not provide hair dryer ".  You will need to go down there to get your rough clean tower. flip the sheet I was sleeped on in between the mattress there a white sheet  has blood mark and all kind of marks on. you
bubble_10	I have just returned back from new York, after staying at the hotel carter for 5nights. I really wanted to give this hotel an okay review after all the negative views i read I generally thought it couldn't possibly be that bad. I bring towels and sheets from home just incase which we did need! The towels did not get changed throughout the whole time we was there and the excuse was that the maid couldn't open our door to clean it. This was a pretty funny comment considering my partners IPod went missing from our room on the second day after we stupidly left it on the bed that morning. The reception told us they'd look into it and I spoke to the manager everyday to check whether there was any news, on the last day I asked again and got a reply "there's nothing we can do about it,
bubble_20	We stayed in the Carter from August 8th-11th of this year (2011). We were both a little nervous about this place after reading some of the reviews people wrote about this place. When you first walk into the lobby you can automatically tell the building is extremely old and has never been completely renovated. Literally everything from the carpeting, to the front desk, to the elevator doors  are old and weathered. Check in was quick and easy and we didn't have any problems with our reservation. When we got up to our room however, our key cards didn't work and we could not get into the room. So I went back down stairs and informed the front desk of the problem. The gentleman working the front desk tried to activate the cards again but when I got back up to our 7th floor room they
bubble_20	My boyfriend and I stayed in hotel carter for 4 nights. We were aware of its reputation but decided to stay there regardless purely because of the price...The hotel is filthy, the room was worse, dirty bed sheets, dirty bathroom, bathroom door did not close, nor did window, no hot water ever!!! However we were travelling so our priority was budget, we only needed a bed, we were out all day so were ok with the room as we wouldnt be there long, we slept in sleeping bags and did not unpack our backpacks and used our own bath towls, so as long as you are aware of the state of the hotel and can bare the grime for a cheap rate, its the perfect place to stay, its also in the perfect location, bang on times square and the best subway station with the most lines...
bubble_10	Other than the location, there is NOTHING good about this hotel!  It was the worst place I've ever been.  The walls were all broken up with poor plastering to cover it up, the carpets were not laid down properly and all bumpy, the rooms were disgustingly dirty, the sheets had holes and dirt on them, the bathroom door wouldn't shut, the head board FELL OFF!  The t.v. only got 3 channels, but only when you sit perfectly still, if you moved the cable would go out.  It was just horrible.  The staff was so abrupt and unfriendly.  And there was a weird smell.  Worst of all, they quoted the price to be $109 on their site when I booked it, but when I got there they charged me way more!  Their reasoning?  Taxes.  There is no way taxes could add up to that much.  When asked to see the
bubble_10	stayed for 3 nights in july for a long weekend getaway with my friend. I booked the room via hotels.com. The rooms do not look like the photos on the website. My room was horrible the floors had stains on them and there were dead flies and a huge cockaroach 3 inches long in the wardrobe! I complained to the staff and they showed me another room, which looked a bit better, so I took the 2nd room. But when I lay my head to sleep that evening, the pillow smelled like someone took a dump on the bed!! This is not a hotel! This is a 2 star shelter halfway house. Garbage by the elevators were there when we checked in on thursday and still there when we checked out on monday!  Please invest a few extra dollars and stay in a cleaner place. I learned my lesson. I would not stay for free.
bubble_10	I have business to do, i have appointment for 8am, so i called to my business partener who is on this hotel, but the person who answered the phone, barely speaks English, and said the computer is not working and he cant find the number of the room. He told me to call in one hour! Imagine my frustationg, i cant call in one hour i have to talk with the guest now. They let me in the phone for 20 minuts and never transfered the call to the room. Rude, dirty, confused, unprofessional, stay way. You will vomit in this place. Im very sorry that my partner in business got a stay there. Cheap means the worst in town. Zero is to much as credential for them.
bubble_10	WORST hotel I have ever stayed at in my life!  If I could give it less than one star I WOULD.    Cheap price SEEMS good online BUT -- staff was - unnecessarily - rude and charged us whatever price they wanted when we got to the hotel, despite prices given online.   Rooms were disturbingly old with no attempts to fix it up whatsoever, Carpets were extremely dirty with doors that didn't close properly unless forced closed.  No hot water, bathroom had barely any space to move.    REALLY strange and random smell in the room...   TV was really old with only a few channels and kept going out every 5 minutes - get up to go to the bathroom and cable/satellite would go out.  Only plus is it's very close to Times Square if you're a fan... otherwise, stay further out at another hotel and
bubble_30	Contrary to listing on yahoo's "Worst Hotels " list, our room had recently been painted, bathroom redone, room clean, sheets very clean...no bugs. The hotel is obviously being renovated , in process, family members room a bit older and more worn looking but clean. Convenience to Times Square and price of $139.00 a night worth the spartan furnishings. Very busy with tourists. Quiet. Not luxury but if only looking for a place to sleep and shower definitely a good deal for NYC. Staff was helpful and courteous. Not perfect but safe and economical. Would definitely go again!
bubble_20	This hotel provides the bare minimum to stay for one night. Great location..middle of Time Sq. But the room itself lacks. We found a couple of dirty towels, a used bar of soap and shampoo in the bathroom. The a/c worked great but no comforter for the bed...just a sheet. There is no iron or ironing board. No blowdryer. The towels are paper thin. The volume for the tv didn't work on the remote. No hangers in the closet, just hooks.  However, if you plan to only spend time there to sleep at night and get a quick shower, it's ok for just one night. I would invest more money and stay somewhere nicer.
bubble_10	Even though the hotel is considered to be very well and centrally located in Midtown NYC (2-3mins walking distance from the Time's Square) it was not a good experience for me. After staying for more than a week's time at a friend's at the Silver Towers (a bit further down the West 42nd towards Hudson) I had to move to the particular hotel for a couple of nights. Nightmare, nightmare, nightmare! Very dirty and old-fashioned hotel like it has never been properly renovated before. 1st bad experience: Reception and concierge Chinese (only) people who were quenching for your money and even before they said hello and welcome to the hotel, they were asking for my credit card to make sure they would charge the whole amount of my staying before I even checked in! 2nd bad experience:
bubble_40	stayed here for 3 nights on the 9th floor, the room was clean. no bed bugs. no rats and no roches. the bathroom needs updated but is also clean. the location is too good to be true. 10 steps and your in times spuare. service was okay, nothing special. overall every thing was good, i was scared to death to stay there because of all the bad reviews but honestly its not bad at all. the hotel must have cleaned up their act alot since 2009. stay here. its a great deal and when in NY you don't spend much time in your hotel anyways.  PS. dont go to the store in the hotel, its a rip off. its like 3 dollars for a can of pop. a cart on the side of the street is cheaper.
bubble_20	Hotel was small. Staff wad rude. Thank goodness I read reviews before coming. Towels where yellow and bathroom wasn't clean. Went to walgreen to purchase bug spray to kill the ants daily. Brought own sheet set and still felt uncomfortable on bed. Hallways and carpet were extremely dirty. On the positive note the location was awesome it was literally steps away from the hustle and crowd of Time Square.
bubble_40	i travel alot and usually always on a budget, i think the most important factors i take into consideration are location and price. on this basis the hotel is  a steal. now if you understand before you go that these points are what make the hotel great then you also understand that with the low price you must have to sacrifice ammenities, i am perfectly willing to give up tv, i was there in times square, no need for the tv when i got back to the room everyday i was happy to have ac and a decent bed to sleep on. the shower was small, the phone did not work, there was no maid service, towels are scarce, but if you ask for them they will give them to you.terrible view, but i slept like a baby and i could hop out into the action of time square within seconds! i read all the reviews
bubble_20	Check-in took just under 5 mins (!!). The room (10th floor) was quite ok: Floor was filthy, some dried spew, and never hoovered. Bed was cosy with clean sheets. No chair, one table. A-C was old but it worked. One working wall socket for power. TV was "model '85" with no remote. Four channels, signal breaking all the time. Room was quiet but it faced directly to a big concrete wall (no Manhattan views whatsoever). Bathroom's ceiling was covered with mould. (Could not be healthy) Sink & toilet were clean. Shower was ok, with even some hot water! Bathtub was grimy. Hotel staff were friendly, check-out took just 30secs, luggage room was safe (with $2 extra charge), wi-fi was fast ($25 / week or $10 / day). Wi-fi works only on lobby level. Three fast elevators. There's also 24/7
bubble_30	My husband booked the hotel Cartier, as I decided to call it. On the way in, I read the reviews and burst out crying. Here are my tips. Imagine the worst case scenario, therefore it can't get worse. BRING A BLANKET AND PILLOW! Sheets were aok. Also bring a towel. Take the extra sheets and lay them on floor. Never let your flesh touch a surface. Do not breathe in hallways. Do not walk alone. Turn air way up to drown out sounds. Have a phone with 4g, etc....no tv and no wifi. Do not shop at deli next door. They make up different prices every time. And are twice the price or more then Duane reade. Obnoxious. Ok that all said .....it was ok....... No rats, mice, roaches,pimps, hookers, dead bodies, mold........ No, I wouldn't stay there again. And because of that, I won't be able to
bubble_30	I was cautious after reading some of the reviews, so I called the hotel in advance to make sure I got a room that was decent. I even advised friends who were also in NYC for theater that they should stay elsewhere in case it was horrible. And surprisingly, it wasn't bad. My room was clean, no critters, and the bathroom was also OK. Hallways were another matter. The garbage can next to the elevator wasn't emptied until my third day--right before I checked out. I had mentioned it to the maid--who yelled at me -- and finally to the front desk. The attached deli was pretty good and very reasonable.
bubble_10	I like many others said "it can't be that bad." we checked in and immediately left the room to visit Time Square. As our plan was, don't stay in the room other than to rest. This hotel was horrible and I will be writing the mayor to I form him of the type of service that is representing New York City. When we returned to our room we found a roach and called to request to check out earlier. We were advised that we would not be charged any additional fees. Unfortunately not true. Although my billing concern has nothing to do with the hotel it speaks to the type of service you will receive. The hotel staff was very unprofessional providing false names and  nonchalant attitudes toward the guess.   I truly was looking forward to posting that this hotel was ok, but unfortunately I can
bubble_20	I was a 55, solo woman traveller (schoolteacher), on a two day jaunt to NYC, trying not to blow a hole in my finances.  This is not a fine hotel.  This is an old property, not well kept up.  But the reality is, for the price of what you'd pay for a shared-bathroom hotel/hostel situation, you get your own bathroom, in a superb Manhattan locale, with CLEAN BEDDING.  You read me right - CLEAN BEDDING.  And, contrary to other reports, the staff was indeed friendly.  I was also encouraged in having booked the room (despite reviews) when an email I'd sent prior to my arrival (referencing a cited bedbug situation, by the way) was returned THE NEXT DAY by staff, assuring me that a) they had NO bedbugs (true - not one seen in my case - room 901), but that b) I would be relocated to
bubble_30	My mom and I stayed there for 2 nights in June. We knew the rooms might be sketchy, but when we checked into our room I couldn't help but wonder if we gotthe best or worst of the sketchy room. I had upgraded to a twin instead of a single/double room - don't do it - they take the same size room and squeeze in two bigger beds. The hotel staff was great and quick to give us a new room. This room was definitely an upgrade, but still rough. Nothing in the rooms, no clock or lamp and tv doesn't work. We just imagined we were in an old NY apartment, and managed it :) the location and price are great!! Never stayed so close to the theatre area and it was great. I would stay again.
bubble_10	Gross hotel. I read the reviews but thought a hotel cannot be THAT bad. It was. Actually worse than I could ever imagine. Location is great but that's about the only good thing. No remote, dirty carpet, unclean bath towels and blanket...room had a musty odor. We complained to manager and he said "if you want a nice hotel the Westin is down the block "...take my advice..spend a few extra dollars for something actually HALF decent.
bubble_20	Honestly guys, you who turned away when you saw the room, did you ever wonder why this downtown hotel was so cheap comparing to other in central Manhattan before you book?! This hotel is only for travellers who intend to be out of the room throught their stay in NY, nothing more nothing less. A/C worked, sheets were adequately clean (brought mine anyway after reading so many bad reviews about blood stains, hairs and monsters with big teeth coming through the curtains). I stayed for two nights and was going to the room only to have a shower and sleep for a few hours (I was so tired in the end of the day - and night- so the mattress felt softer than my own bed). Next time you moan about the paint on the walls think what you are asked to pay and how close you are to everywhere in
bubble_10	I think the title says it all. When I got into the room, the thick glass mirror on the back of the bathroom door was cracked (like someone punched it) and the bathroom was barely big enough to turn around in. There was some slight mold on the shower but nothing too awful, until I laid down in bed, and noticed a reddish brown stain on the wall. Then another. Then another. Three rather large blood stains on the wall. Needless to say, I didn't sleep well that night. I stayed here as part of a college trip for a class I was in, and none of my fellow classmate's rooms were any better.
bubble_20	If you're looking for four solid walls and bed, this is the place for you. The paint was old and peeling. The furniture looked as if it was from 1970 something. And the bed only had flat sheets on it, tucked in really tight. Which meant anytime you move the sheet comes off to reveal the mattress that had tears in it.  The bathroom was small but adequate. It also had hair from the previous guests in various places which means the maids don't clean well.  There seemed to be a small closet. However it was locked and we couldn't use it. There was also a small flat screen t.v. that was angled down. I not sure if the mount was broken or if it was supposed to be that way. We were able to watch it while laying in the bed.  The only view we had was of the mirrored building next door. I
bubble_40	Me and my friend (both 19 years old) were looking to go to NYC to tour the city and looking for a place to crash for the night.   Staff are wonderful and helpful, the room was clean and sufficient. Air conditioned rooms, bathroom was simple but complete.  Couldn't ask for a better location (seriously!).. 30 seconds from the heart of Manhattan (Times Square). For what we paid (230pp) for when we went (end of June), can't can't get better value then that! (go on www.lowcostholidays.com for that rate)   Hope this review helps! Definitely staying there next year!
bubble_30	Having read many negative reviews for this hotel I was rather hesitant to stay here initially, but when we compared its price and location to that of the surrounding area we decided it was worth a try. I was well aware going into this that I would not be staying in a classy establishment and as such I did not have high expectations.  It was exactly as I had imagined it, tacky, cheap etc, but this wasnt really an issue for me as I only needed a place to sleep as I was out seeing the sights all day everyday. Given this, the hotel as more than satisfactory for those purposes. Whilst not the most attractive place to stay, you cannot beat the price or the location (it is literally on times square). As a travelling student I found that this was a very good option as it was cheaper for
bubble_10	This hotel is perfectly located, one block from Times Square. This is the only positive thing I can say : it was old and dilapidated. Our room faced a big wall, no sunlight at all, and the window was sealed. We never had room cleaning in four days, in spite of our complaints, and if we wanted fresh towels and toilet paper we had to ask it in the lobby and bring it upstairs. The internet costs 10 dollars per day, and they can keep your luggage for 2 dollars per hour.  The service was awful for check-in, check-out and other queries : barely no answer from the staff and nearly irrespectful and insolent. The staff was barking at the guests.  I don't recommend this hotel at all, and for this awful service I won't pay even 5 dollars per night.
bubble_30	First of all, yes it isn't the prettiest hotel to look at. But you'll get what you pay for! I also did not run into any pest problems or overwhelmingly gross situations. My stay was simple and Hotel Carter served its purpose!  The price is cheap! The location is AMAZING. I can't describe enough how you are literally around the corner from Times Square, in the middle of Manhattan. With that kind of access you really won't spend too much time in your hotel room. The city is so alive all through the night you probably won't want to sleep as much either! My only complaint was the beds are a bit uncomfortable, but perhaps more blankets will ease that.  I was happy with my stay, and blown away by the value of the price in that location. I will definitely consider it upon a return to
bubble_10	I should have know as soon as I stepped inside and realized the lobby looked like something you'd find in Vegas very tacky. My friend asked if there was an iron in the room because he saw another guest ask for a blow drier....wierd.  The guy at the front desk said, "Oh yeah I've got a couple of irons you should take it with you now. They go like hotcakes!!"....Usually an iron is in every hotel room. So we arrive in the room and It was disgusting. The cieling was peeling in the bathroom. The phone itself was dirty, There was no ironing board. It looked disgusting so I remove the top sheet to get in the bed and there were blood stains on the sheets underneath. There policy is after 10 minutes in the room they won't give you a refund..We left fast! I'm from DC and I've stayed in
bubble_10	This hotel was sub-par.  I guess you truly get what you pay for.  On my next trip to NYC I will pay more to get better quality.  I'm sure given the location and low rates this hotel is full every night.  The room was more like that of a hostel than a hotel.  The staff (particularly one Asian woman working the morning shift) was outwardly rude and not helpful. In addition to her being rude to me she was rude to numerous other customer's and staff in my presence.  It wouldn't surprise me at all if she is actually the manager/owner's daughter or some other family member because she spoke to everyone as if she was above reproach.  I'd called twice to ensure the check-in time was 1 p.m. because I was moving from one hotel to another.  Upon my arrival the woman advised she could not
bubble_10	Having toured america for a month, we hadn't stayed in the nicest of places, however The Carter Hotel was by far the worst in America. We were only staying at the carter for one night and we weren't looking for anything amazing, we thought cheap room no worries we won't be spending that much time in there. We were greeted by rude staff who complimented on our appearances as 'rough' and 'hungover' so automatically we weren't really felt welcome, reached the floor were our room was and automatically though we were in a horror film or a brothel. Got into our 'triple room' to find two double beds, one with blood stains and the other which looked like stains from a couple who got lucky the night before. There were no towels or toiletries and the floor looked like it hadn't had a
bubble_10	Really one of the grossest placest I've ever stayed at. It has "won" the dirtiest hotel award on Tripadvisor for 4 years in a row and they try really hard to win again.   The location is amazing, so is any bridge in the Central Park though. Comfort would be the same.  It is extremely cheap (compared to the average price per night in Manhattan).  This pretty much summed up the two pros that I had to keep telling myself every night before I had to convince myself to enter the room.  Everything else is really just disgusting: The rooms have a disgusting smell that won't go away. There were hairs of different colors and sizes (if thats of different guests or different hair of one guest - I dont want to know) on our sheets and in the bath room.  Im not even gonna start listing the
bubble_30	nice location but room is not very good. the the price is still very high. if you have another choice, this one is not recommended
bubble_20	I booked this hotel at the last minute, and kinda wished I hadn't!     On a positive note, the location of this hotel is first class and can't be beaten. NYC at your doorstep!  This hotel is more like a cheap student hostel, and not a very clean one at that!  The rooms are in a state of disrepair, and don't even think of a maid cleaning the room or changing bedsheets - they don't employee them!  The staff at the front desk don't give a damn, and at peak times this hotel is way overcrowded (difficult to even get in the elevator!)  Used this hotel ONLY if you have to!!
bubble_40	My english is not so good...But i hope my review can help. Ok, I was in the hotel for 1 week (6/4 to 6/11) and I find it nice (AC , clean beds and bathroom) since you are only there for rest , cause you have too much to see in New York. The staff are very firendly , some people complaints cause they dont change the clothes daily but even in your house you dont do that , right? The location is excellent, you have all bradway theatres next door , subway and time squares at half block. What else you can expect in NYC for $100 per night?
bubble_30	If you want to enjoy NY, stay in this hotel.  It has a perfect location. It's a old hotel but it was clean. We had a room perfect to stay with clean sheets and a clean bathroom. They clean it each two days. They are painting it and we are happy of the treat they gave us. We didn't wait for checking in and checking out was really fast. I would stay again in my next vacations. You have a train station near and everything is around.
bubble_30	Hotel Carter is not fancy but the location is great. The room was average and yes the furniture was old but hey it was okay for me and my fiance. For the whole 5 days not once did we turn on the tv, we used the room only to sleep, and rest for a few when our feet got tired from the streets and then we were right back out again! Dont let the reviews scare you, the price was right, customer service courteous and location great!   *FYO-The Wi-Fi is $10 a day and you can only use it in the lobby. So, I used my cell phone instead of my laptop.   ~Cary, NC~
bubble_10	A $5,000-per-room renovation is not enough for this hotel.  The walls and doors were all just painted over, even the wires were painted into the wall.  The king size bed is in the way of everything, that you don't have space to move around the room.  You don't know whether the toilet's clean or not, because it still looks dirty after being cleaned.  I've been to old buildings that have been successfully turned into hotels, and Carter Hotel will have to do a better job of renovating for its guests to be able to say that they have really renovated.  Suggestion to hotel:  get smaller beds, or break down a few walls to convert 3 rooms into 2.  The staff, while friendly, can't say anything else but 'just doing their jobs'.  If you're on a budget, don't get a room in the Times Square
bubble_30	I almost canceled from the reveiws but the hotel WAS NOT as bad as most reviews.  I was there June 13, 2011 overnight.  The lobby was nice and clerks were very nice.  It is an old hotel.  The room are small but clean. You got one closet, and a shower.  The sheets were not "white" but clean.  I brought sheets, towels, soap, and other things and didn't need to. If you stay more than three days you might want to bring extra towels.  Location was great.  My theatre was on the same street and Times Squares on the corner.  If you are on a budget great hotel for the location and price.
bubble_10	We never actually got to stay at this hotel. We were looking for an affordable accommodation close to Times Square. This hotel met those requirements. Because of the price and other ratings we weren't expecting anything more than a bed to sleep in and a place to store our bags; we're easy to please! In the end they had overbooked by 30-40 rooms and refused to do anything to help anyone find new rooms. In fact, the staff acted as if we were the nuisance.
bubble_20	We've stayed here for six nights. We heard we shouldn't expect much, so our expectations weren't high at all. The lobby looks oke, but as soon you step out of the elevator you're in a crapy place. We were shocked when we saw our room. It was very filthy, carpet was at least 30 years old (that's almost in every room though), a broken sofa, hairs everywhere and bed springs coming out. Overall it was everything but clean. Went downstairs and got another room. It was better, but that was it. The towels had stains and holes, bring your own if you can. The bed was oke, but because of all the airco's outside we slept every night with earplugs. Without them you couldn't sleep.   The location is great, just one minute from Times Square! And after some nights you're getting used to the
bubble_10	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! my boyfriend and I figured we just wanted a place to crash at night since we would be out visiting family and friends.  Yet, one deserves a clean decent place to sleep.  We knew we were in trouble when we stepped out the elevator to on our floor.  The smell of urine was everywhere.  The room left little to be desire.  The AC did not work, the carpet was burgundy and one could still see ALL the dirt on it.  The bathroom was ok, but bring your own towels.  The ones provided are at least 20 years old, hard and linty.  No guards on the windows, so be mindful if you bring children.  The cheap price, about $120/night, was NOT worth it.  Go accross the bridge to Jersey and commute into the city, the shuttle bus is only $2. STAY AWAY FROM CARTER!!!
bubble_20	Generally, I am dependent on Hotwire and Priceline for travel. Most of the time, you can get a great room at a very low rate assuming you don't book during a major event when rooms sell out (i.e. Mardi Gras in New Orleans). Of course, every so often waiting until the last minute doesn't pay off and that was the case for this most recent trip to New York City and it's how we ended up booking Hotel Carter (not through Hotwire or Priceline, btw).  Priceline and Hotwire were returning rates that were more than I could pay. Advertised rates were $700+/night for 3 star hotels. Hotel Carter came up in a few searches for $130/night. After reading reviews (I knew of Hotel Carter from business associates and friends who have stayed there) and given the options ($700+ in town or $130 by
bubble_10	In 30 years of business travel, this was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  My regular hotels were all booked and so this was my first and (ond only) time at the Carter.  I thought that based on location near Times Square that it would meet a minimum standard of hotels in the area.  It did not come close.    The room was aweful.  Brown walls, no artwork or anything on the walls except a dirty/foggy mirorr.   There was no soap, shampoo, hangers, iron or ironing board. No glasses for water, no coffee, no desk, 1 lousy chair that had to be used for luggage stand. I called the front desk to have an iron and ironing board sent up and was told I'd be "put on the waiting list."  Unbelievable!  I waited an hour and then I ended up buying an iron at a nearby pharmacy. No
bubble_40	I have booked 8 nights in total (4 nights together and 1 week after 4 more nights) before i read the reviews here. To say the truth, it got me really worried as i was travelling with my wife and 2 little kids, 5 and 3 years old and bed bugs certainly wouldn't be a nice experience for them.  Now I and my family have a lot of experience in Traveling. We own 2 hostels for backpackers and we have been many times in NY before so I do think we have a reasonable enough experience to be able to judge a place.   We have also invited my wife's sister, who lives in Louisiana to come join us for a couple of days in NY. It as actually her who saw the reviews and said that no way she was going to stay in this hotel. Instead, she invited us to the Marriot marquise, that is also right on times
bubble_40	Like others, I too was very aprehensive about arriving at this hotel!  The first pleasant surprise was the great location - literally a stone's throw from Times Square - I fully expected that to be the end of the good news.  However, walking into the hotel and straight up to the front desk to check in with no problem was one hurdle overcome.  Some reviews mentioned queing for hours on end but I can honestly say that during my 3 night stay I never saw more than 3 people waiting to be served.  Sure, the foyer area of the hotel looks a little tired but you have to take into consideration the age of the hotel and of course how the price reflects this.    We were allocated a room on the forth floor (409) and was relieved when stepping out of the elevator to be faced with a smell of
bubble_40	I must say I was worried by the reviews I had read before staying at the Carter, yes it is a little unloved and run down, But it is on Times Square! Our room was far better than the reception area and corridors would suggest, no bed bugs or other nasties, in fact the room was clean with new beds, bedding and a fresh looking bathroom. It seems that the only people who ever post here are the ones who moan about everything, you only ever hear the horror stories, so i thought  I would post about my Possitive experience at the Carter hotel. 320 for 3 people and 4 nights staying at times square....Excellent Value no mistake.
bubble_40	The location was great! The staff was friendly and the room was not as bad as expected. After reading the reviews I was scared. The carpet could use a good vacuum, there was still dry wall dust everywhere, no bed bugs and we had clean sheets. Take your own wash clothes this hotel has none! Took a cold shower but that may have been the room, don't know if this is a problem in rest of hotel.Really you get what you pay for. How much time are you really going to spend in the room anyway? There's way too much to do!!! Spend the money you save for a cruise around the harbor or tickets to the Empire State Building. The view can't be beat!
bubble_30	I booked this hotel despite reading all of the reviews on here for 2 reasons 1) the price (310 for 5 nights) and 2) the location (literally 1 minute walk from Times Square). I was dreading arriving here but was pleasantly surprised. The reception area was clean, and yes a bit dull in decor but the staff were polite enough. As for the room, it did not look at all like the photos on the hotel's website. The carpet was quite dirty, particularly in the corners. There was an ample sized wardrobe, a dressing table, an old tv and nothing else. The bedding was clean, as was the bathroom. A maid came in on one of our days and just straightened up the sheets on the bed, and replaced the dirty towels.  Both me and my friend got bitten during the holiday, but we couldn't tell if this had
bubble_10	This hotel is in a total state of disrepair.  Sure it's cheap, at $100 per night, for Time's Square but is it too much to ask for the room to be clean?  This was the second time I've stayed at this hotel, the first being fine, and it was horrible.  I stayed in room 1824 and the plaster in the bathroom was peeling off the walls.  The hotel being the age it is there could very well be asbestos in the walls.  I wouldn't be surprised if some of it was exposed.  The tub was full of hair that wasn't mine, I found a big crawling around on the floor in the washroom, and there was a used condom under the bed.  Can't forget about the dirty sheets and towels that weren't soft (this last point being minor).  See pictures attached at the end of this review. I talked to "front staff" about
bubble_10	Dirty, out dated, poor service, no m,aids, no room stock, not even soap good thing I brought my own, but then again I could of stayed in my closet, very small, noisey, DON'T LOOK NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURES ON LINE!!! Location was the only good thing, other than that next time I will walk!!!!  I guess thats why it was a good price, but you get what you pay for and Hotel Carter sure proved that!!!.. I've stayed at places even cheaper n got better!!!!!!! Will never return, DON'T GO UNLESS YOUR DESPRITE!!!!
bubble_10	It is in a great central location. However, the rooms were not cleaned and beds weren't made when we got to the room. We were given another key and the second room was not cleaned either. Finally we got a room in which the bed was made. We stayed two nights and they refused to clean the rooms at all. It has an old moldy and musky smell mixed with cigarette smoke.  Both the sink and the bath tub drains were blocked. There was pest control traps under the bed. Some bedsheets were marked '.......memorial hospital".
bubble_20	Uhm, no frills is an overstatement.  Curiously enough, it has a lobby and clerks.  I guess if you ask for  a renovated room, that saves you from the really bad ones.  I was on the 17th floor.  The smell is not that bad.  The A/C worked great and we had a corner room.  Just living out of your suitcase raised off the floor is the way to go.  Don't open the drawers (some of them you can't).  .  We brought our own sheets and left them there.  They clean every three days but I wish they hadn't.  Apparently, a 3" long roach traveled from one room into mine via the vacuum cleaner.  Once I rustled it out from under the bed and stomped it, I guess things were OK.  If you don't require much and just want to be incredibly close to Times Square (and save a hell of a lot of monety I suggest
bubble_30	I was impressed with the room after hearing all the horror stories about this place. I would assume they are slowly renovating each room because the one I stayed in had new bathroom tiles, fresh paint, and a new A/C unit. The beds had to be new too. They were surprisingly comfortable and soft. The sheets were clean as well. The room wasn't too small, in my opinion. There were 4 of us in there comfortably. The shower was very tiny and dark. The television was a few decades old, but we didn't come to NYC to watch TV. All we needed the room for was a few hours of sleep for one night. Its a great location right by Times Square. Its a bit loud outside at night, but what can you expect? Its the city that never sleeps. Overall I was pleased with my experience here. I recommended this
bubble_10	I want to make this as helpful as possible. After booking this hotel through hotels.com we stumbled across a youtube video of this hotel- we were pettrified.  We were going to cancel but we're talked out of it because everyone's expectations are different, besides we weren't planning on staying in the hotel we wanted to see the city. So we called the hotel directly and asked if it was safe for 4 females to stay here safely because the reviews were awful. He told us that yes it was safe, they have security, it's clean and when he first took the job he saw the reviews too and was scared but assured us that the reviews were false and it was clean and safe just outdated. We called again and said we would be checking in late and would that be a problem- we were told no.  So we show
bubble_20	I booked this hotel with no previous research, just because National Car Rental drop-off location was nearby. When I found out, I decided to give it a try, because I know a lot of people here have standards above ours. Long story short, we got what we paid for and no bad surprises. Maybe we just were lucky ;-)  From reviews on TA I expected at least a dead corpse on the bed :) We had bed bugs sprays and foggers, stayed 1 night and JUST the night, checked beds, sheets, carpets... everything was fine, sheets were clean, we didn't need to use the shower (where we stored our luggage in large plastic sheet we had for our skis before), didn't touch what was unneccessary etc. It was like staying on construction site (filth, not noise) in 3rd world, but for the price and location... I
bubble_10	Beware this is a horrible establishment, Staff was not helpful at all about this situation.  I will say that New York Police Department has advised me after making my report that they have had several Homicides in this hotel. I was there on vacation with my daughter and i was amazed that a hotel key was used for the entry of my room while we were sleeping, They took my purse and all of the contents which left me pennyless 1200 miles from home,  When I followed up with the manager her said that the security camers was not operational and they were there only for detterrent purposes.  If you value your life and your belongings I would pay more and stay somewhere else.  No maid service, 3 TV channels, No hair Dryers, No Security,  And when you have a problem they will not be there
bubble_10	I have never seen a room like this  wow.....  motel 6 will beat this dump hands down. And I mean DUMP!!!!!   If I would have not payed for the room up front, I would have turned around and checked into a different hotel.  This hotel does not look like the way it was advertised. in short it was DISGUSTING..  I felt really bad because my teen daughter had to live in those conditions.... Thank god we still managed to have a good time in NEW YORK.. THIS HOTEL SHOULD BE CLOSED FOR RENOVATIONS...    DO NOT STAY HERE.
bubble_10	Wow, is all I have to say.  Their photos make it appear "do-able".  This is NOT the case.  If you want to feel like you are staying in a an impoverish drug hotel, then stay here.  I've stayed at inn's in 3rd world countries...that are literallly better than this.  I didn't even open my suitcase. Slept in my clothes and checked out as soon as the sun came up.  Your first warning should be the sign at the check in that say "A refund will be issued for guest who stayed less than 10 minutes in the room. Otherwise, one night charge will apply"  So in otherwords, they have so many people that see the room, then want to leave...that they had to impose a "10 minute rule".
bubble_10	This place was disgusting.  The room was filthy, no toilet paper, no bath towels.  When we called the front desk they were rude and said we would have to come down to get toilet paper. Never did get any towels.  Slept fully clothed on top of the bed spread, don't think they know what clean linen is.  Only thing going for this place is the location, would never stay here again or recommend anyone to stay here.
bubble_10	My bf and I have spent 4 nights at Hotel Carter and, seriously, wouldn't recommend it to anyone! We made the mistake of booking the hotel 2 days before coming to NYC and, since everything was already booked and the price was affordable, we decided to stay here. The location of the hotel is great and very convenient - it is close to Times Square, Theatre Distric, bus, metro,... and it is still not too noisy. Apart from the location, I also liked that our room was equipped with a bathroom and we didn't need to share it with anyone! The room itself wasn't "too bad" but it was really stinky! The floor was all covered with an old and dirty carpet. There was also a walk-in closet that we decided to leave closed because of its musty odor, plus, the ceiling was falling apart. The bed
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I have stayed in a variety of different hotels all over the world some very basic and some very cheap but none that are as bad as the Carter. The staff were rude, offensive and inept. The rooms were disgusting, dirty and were not cleaned once. I could go on and on but my only advice to you is to look for another hotel. The fact its close to Time Square doesnt make up for how bad it was. DO NOT STAY HERE.
bubble_10	When you arrive at a hotel at 10pm to be told be rude and totally incompetent manager that your rooms are not ready and only might be ready in three hours you know there's something wrong. This hotel does not use computers and have no records. They have no idea who's in what rooms and will give you keys to rooms already occupied. Rooms are dirty and totally dangerous. They will not be serviced at all during your stay. The staff have no idea what's going on in the hotel and will just ignore you when you ask a question. Beds are held up by books, there are mouse traps under the beds, tvs don't work and are covered in graffiti and there are massive holes in the bathroom doors. One room even had the tv plugged in to the bathroom socket. This hotel isn't worth the money they are
bubble_30	this hotel receives unfair criticism.  It's a place to sleep.  right next to Time Square.  For $100/night, the value is unbeatable.  Those who complain don't have a clue because they should expect to pay $300/night to get this location.  I take the savings from staying at Hotel Carter and spend on foods and tours.  Definitely would stay here again.  If you stay here, bring your shampoo, conditioner and a hair dryer ..
bubble_30	This is my first review I have ever written for anything online.  The reason is because I really feel the place is getting some unfair criticism.  Now either the place has cleaned up quite a bit since the other reviews were written, or the reviewers are sensationalizing their reports.  True, the place is old, could use some updating, and certainly does not have the fine details down.  I stayed on the 14th floor with 3 other friends.  The towels were worn out but clean, the sheets were good, the comforter was bad. I didn't see a singe bug nor smell any bug spray.    Here's the deal, the room was a hundred bucks on a Friday night. Every other place anywhere close to Times Square is 250. My point is, is it appropriate to walk into McDonalds and complain the burgers weren't made
bubble_20	Okay, everyone. Calm down for a second. I booked this hotel a few weeks ago for a last-minute trip to New York without really looking into it much. Once I started reading the reviews, I was terrified to stay there, but my friend and I decided to give it a go anyway, and it's not that bad. Yes, the lobby is grimy and some of the staff members are pretty shady looking. The carpet was pretty dirty and disgusting, and I wouldn't suggest walking around barefoot. Bring flip flops for the shower or something. Anyway, a soon as we entered the room we tore the sheets off the bed and flipped the mattress to look for bed bugs. We didn't find any and neither of us ever had any bites, so I have no reason to think that there were bed bugs. We did, however, buy some cheap blankets at a
bubble_30	This hotel isn't the worst. I don't know why it gets such a bad rap! You get what you pay for..I didn't mind it at all. Although, I wouldn't stay longer then three nights. If your looking for a 'stop off' while sight seeing around it's perfect.
bubble_10	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night as I couldn't bear to stay for the 10 nights I was booked in for, back in February 2007!!! I have been meaning to write a review on this hotel for a long time and have finally got round to it. Considering that this hotel is based in the centre of NYC, where everything happens, I'm astounded that the environmental health department haven't closed it DOWN!!! I'm disappointed that nothing has changed since 2007, when I stayed there! My visit was a night with bed bugs and I only realised that there was a problem the next morning when I had red spots all over my legs!!! Stay away from this hotel - budget yes, but it doesn;t have to be FILTHY no matter what your budget!!!
bubble_10	Read this carefully: I am type of customer who does not consider reviews so much. I like to see things with my eyes. As i did not care much about reviews on hotels.com, i booked a room.  First room was horrible. they didn't even change the sheets. We requested a new room.  It was even worser. No lights, no portable light were available. Blood on the sheet, bedbugs, carpets are 80 years old. It was extremely dirty. Restroom was horrible (i saw a human dirt on the wall).   Also there is only one person is working to clean and help anything with room.  He was okay with attitude but there was no janitors.   Overall: it is such a hotel which build to make money until it collapse lol :)  I will report them to health deparment and consumer affairs. Got my money back from hotels.com (
bubble_10	As soon as I walked up onto my floor I could smell bug spray, the smell became stronger as I opened my room door. The lid to the toilet was broken and so were the drawers to the dresser, there were markings on the wall that appeared to be mold or something of the sort. The smell was so bad it bothered my allergies and I had to check out that day.
bubble_10	I chose Hotel.com states that the hotel has been renovated in 2010. That is a complete lie. The rooms are very old, in a very bad condition and cept very unclean. There where unsafe electrical wiring. Ok, the location is good, but even if the pricing is low it is not worth the price. Do not go there.
bubble_10	I stayed here often as a kid...okay, some 40 years ago. It was kind of iffy then.  On the many times I had been back to NYC I would only see the sign and where the entrance used to be. Times Square had not been polished up and squeaky clean so I assumed this establishment was closed for good. Was I surprised to find it fully operational and not per hour.  If you must be in midtown and don't care about where you stay, I guess this might work for you. There are so many other nicer hotels in lower Manhattan that charge about the same. Same access to subway. More restaurants and less touristy. Re think your plans and write this off of your list
bubble_10	where do I start??? wow the worst hotel on this earrth and should be closed down shocking is a understatement.booked hotel online late as not much avail good price was not expecting the ritz however did not expect this! arrived at hotel to be given 3 room keys and each room we wnt in people were already staying there after four trips to the rude reception girl i asked to speak to the manager. who threw me in the lift  and swore at me, what a disgusting vile man. the rooms were filthy with millions of locks on the door i would not even get under the covers of the bed as i was afraid what i would find holes in the windows which made rooms freezing cold. taps fell off  just disgusting. dont go at all the place is a old knocking shop murders have happened there scary place
bubble_40	Okay, this is a budget priced hotel and you get what you pay for.  It's old and grubby BUT...  our sheets were clean and the beds were comfortable.  The bathroom was cleanish.  Yes, the floor, bed covers, decor and general appearance of the rooms and exterior is pretty shoddy.  But the location is absolutely fantastic.  You're half a block from Times Square.  Five minutes walk from the hop on hop off bus stop, half a block from a subway entrance.  Broadway and off Broadway shows in the immediate blocks all around you. Internet available in the lobby ($5/half hour) and the staff are friendly and helpful.  Rooms weren't/aren't serviced at all.  If like me, you're visiting the Big Apple and prefer to spend your money seeing the city, then I recommend this budget accommodation.  If
bubble_20	I was scared to stay here.  But upon arrival I noticed it wasn't as bad as the reviews I had read.  It's not a dirty hotel, it's just 80 years old.  And everything is original.  It adds character to the place.  I would stay again.  Very affordable for NYC.  And you get what you pay for people!  You're not going to pay $99/night in NYC and the hotel look like the Marriot or Hilton.
bubble_30	The hotel may be a bit old and basic, but for the price I paid I wouldn't really have expected any more.  It was relatively clean and the room was a decent size.  The location was fantastic and based on this alone, I would be more than happy to stay here again.  It is just so in the heart of the comings and goings of the city.  Considering its location I found my room quiet at night.  The staff could have been friendlier but were fairly helpful when needed.  There are computers in the lobby for which internet access can be purchased.
bubble_10	The thing I will remember most about my stay in the Hotel Carter (actually in September 2008) is the mice. Crawling all over the floor - Very scary since the bed was so low to the ground. We found the corners and crusts of the sandwiches we packed in our luggage nibbled away! The whole place was so so dirty. Huge holes in the walls, peeling wallpaper, almost no natural light. The only possible plus is that it is less than a 1-minute walk to Times Square so its central location was very convenient for sightseeing. I wish I had checked TripAdvisor before being lured in by the low price! Do NOT stay here!
bubble_10	I stayed in hotel Carter with my friend. We book hotel because of the location, which is right on Times Square. Everything but location is a total joke ! I dont know where to start: rooms are completely dirty, we had luck that sheets and pillows where clean, carpet is spilled with everything you imagine, walls are dirty.. blood stains on the walls, windows are totaly damaged, all electricity in room is a life hazard, bathroom is like from year 1920. When we opened the water it came out completely brown, so we brushed our teeth with bottled water all the time. Luckily we managed to look on the bright side and concider all this as a joke as we just slept there. I cant understand how come that this kind of a hotel is still open, they bribed an inspection i dont know???? PLEASE STAY
bubble_10	The worst hotel Id ever been. I went with my wife and simply cannot believe it. The only positive I remember is that the room is so nasty, that it simply invites you to walk everywhere else in NYC and avoid spending any time back in your room!!! They charge you in advance so you got to be back at least not to waste your money.  I had been in awful places in Mexico and in some other locations in Central and South America but NOTHING as this hotel...a once in a lifetime experience....
bubble_10	We had to move out, there were so many bed bugs! First we switched rooms, and the lady at the front desk didn't seem to care about the bed bugs. The bathroom was awfull too, I thought at first I will never shower there! The second room was the same, PLUS some creepy little yellow worm like creatures, that favored every soft surface of cloth. YEK! Don't go there, sleep in the subway or under the bridge, this would be cleaner and definitely cosier! ;-)
bubble_10	Dont believe reviews with more than one star. Perhaps you may be able to find the needle in a haystack concerning a ok room but this is almost a fantasy.  I have never ever in my intire life seen such a filthfy room or missrable. I was horrified. In the corridoor items for firefighting were totally out of order. Inside the room half of the ceiling were hanging  in flakes and powdering the floor. Next to the bed were a big hole in the wall covered with a pad containing ratpoisen, and it said that you should be at least 5 meters away from it. The aircinditioner didnt fir to the size of the window so all the space round it was plastered with old newspapers. In the bathroom, there were big spots with mould. Under the toilet was a hole on 1x1 meter wich went all the way through to
bubble_10	If you are on a tight budget, traveling must of your day, want central location near the subway. Free wifi and in the heart of Times Square be ready to compromise.  Its not so bad.
bubble_10	My friend and I were led here by a man in the bus station offering to find us a hotel...he grabbed our bags in the bus station and started walking, so we followed him.  Since we had not booked anywhere, we took his advice (dumb, I know).  First, he charged us $20 for his "services."  We were kinda afraid, so we paid him. The woman at the desk also gave him some money and he took off.  We paid for our room and went up.  It was REVOLTING....there was a cockroach taped to the wall above the headboard, the place was DIRTy, and the lock on our door did not work.  Also, the strip club is right beside the "hotel" - classy.   My friend refused to stay there the night, so we went back to the front desk and asked for our money back.  The woman at the desk didn't want to give ANY of our
bubble_20	We stayed at Hotel Carter during a trip for the NYC Marathon. Location and price were the most important things for me at this trip,so I was ready for some degree of badness, given that we are in NYC. The place is right off Times Square. It is an old, old building, seemingly never renovated. The bathroom was actually newer but pretty dirty, especially the tub. I was aftraid of the infamous New York bed bugs,although the bedding seemed clean. The bugs never materialized so I think that at least our room didn't have any. No post trip rashes either! The bed was very old and springy, but made for a surprisingly good sleep. Bottom line is, for New York, we got what we paid for. With that said, I've stayed at other, way more expensive hotels in the city and they were just as old and
bubble_10	Room was fillty, broken door knob, trash was strewn around when check in.Complained to the front desk person and was given a key for a different room. Same story again! Given 4 more keys to check out other room, 11th, 12th floor. None was good and 2 huge bags of trash was right by the elevator for 3 days straight!  Viny tiles in bathroom was ripped and very dirty. Black stuffs was on the wall and the floor. Old yucky carpet was put on top another old, yucky one underneath. Lints and dirt was visible around edges of carpet. Things need to be fixed everywhere you look! Old window air conditioner didn't work and the temp. outside was 104 degrees, so we were quite miserable. Everything was awful, horrible! Had to put towels on the bathroom floor and the bed and everywhere so we can
bubble_10	This place is terrible.  They totally deceive you on-line, so please make sure to do research prior to staying here.  The room was not clean, half of the few tv channels did not work, and the staff is really rude.  The price is not that great to endure all of these headaches.  Also, one of the cab drivers told me that they found a dead body in one of the rooms.  Although, it is in a really good location (minus the gentlemen's club right next door) and the subway it really close.....that's really the only nice thing I have to say about it.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO MY WORSE ENEMY!!!!!!
bubble_10	Okay, I'm not that picky and neither is my fianc so we compromised comfort for location. We were totally wrong to do so. The rooms at this hotel are gross! They are dirty, umkept, they reek of who knows what... the bathrooms are disgusting: they are old and tiny. We complained and got "upgraded" to a nicer looking bedroom, yet a whole piece of wall was missing next to the air conditioning so we froze to death for several nights... they offered us to change us again but after seeing what they had to offer we decided to keep the lesser of two evils and so we covered the hole with a towel. Not once did we get our room cleaned. One day, they dropped some sheets on the bed and that was it!!! There are plenty better hotels in New York and the lesson's been learnt: comfort comes first!
bubble_40	The hotel location is very accessible to Times Sq, Subway station, Broadway shows, and basically everything. The service was ok and the rooms aren't that bad.
bubble_10	First of all I would like to say, what hotel doesn't even offer wash cloths? I called the lobby for wash cloths and they said they didn't carry them. When we heard we were getting a hotel a half a block from times square we knew it would't be the Westin. We also didn't expect BLACK MOLD in the showers, BLOOD on the bed and RATS scratching ALLLL NIGHT.The light fixture was just a light bulb dangling by a couple wires and there was a HUGE hole in the night stand.  I called to cancel the second night right after viewing the room. We continued to stay that night and just slept with our clothes on and above the sheets. We all had sinus problems after as well. Everytime we got on the elevator there was someone expressing distress from the hotel carter. There is no way I would stay
bubble_10	We chose this hotel for the cost and the location, we expected budget, we knew there would be no kettle and cups, we knew there would be no complimentry toiletries, we knew there would be scuff marks on the walls, maybe a paint job needing and a few fix me ups here and there, we never expected maid service or a fridge, a microwave or mini bar...... what we did expect was decent basic cleanliness and sanitisation and to be able to sleep without the fear of catching a disease!!!!! Basic cleanliness is LAW in the USA I believe... I also believe there are Sanitisation Guidelines regarding MICE in your food and luggage!!!! We DID NOT EXPECT THE PLAZA before any of you start raving about "BUDGET BUDGET BUDGET" but we ALSO DID NOT EXPECT MICE!!!!!!! We had been there 2 nights and while
bubble_50	Sincerely i've decided  to go  at  the Hotel Carter cause it was one of the most cheap in town. not so far away from the centrer as many other hotels  or  hostels at a  similiar price, The Carter is simply behind Times square! Something about the hotel? around the hall was pretty clean, a very busy place! wi-fi it's not for free and, i remember like 25$ for a  week if you have a laptop , otherwise 5$ or 30 min. at the internet point  in loco.Our room was perfect, the bed was clean, and the bathroom was small but clean.I think that for 89$+tax at night it's just perfect.I just want to say: Of course its a old place and the moquettes around doesn't look so clean, but wasnt neather so dirty like many peoples wrote as reviews.Then i'll surely go back to the Carter next times!
bubble_30	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights paid 178 euro for 2 nights.Location is fantastic on times square,we reckon it could have cost at least 250-300 euro a night in any other hotel in this location so felt lucky to have found it.on the down side room was very basic one step up from a hostel,plug socket hanging off wall old stains on carpet but large bed with clean linen on it we put our heads down here late at night and left at 7 each morning overall we were delighted with location and price and were happy to turn a blind eye on any thing else at this price we would definitly return.
bubble_20	Ok, so first, keep in mind that this is the cheapest hotel in Times Square.  Ever.  Ranging from 100$-150$, this is incredible.  Most hotels are 400$ and + for one night.  I'd rather spend my money somewhere else.  Carter Hotel has two qualities : cheap and located 1 minute away from the center of Times Square and subway stations.  That's it.  On the other side, you'll find very basic accomodations.  It's old, dirty and it smells.  The ceiling was leaking in the lobby and the odor was terrible.  What a good start!  The rooms are from the 60's and the carpet was cleaned late in the 90's.  The toilet has blood stains and the bath was really dirty.  Put your sandals on if you take a shower!  Bring your towels too.  No remote for the tv and I could hear people having a good time in
bubble_30	From previous reviews, I honestly expected something like Bates Motel, but I was pleasantly suprised. Of course, it is cut price, but for a hotel in the centre of Times Square it is great value. The staff were nice enough, great bell boys and more importantly the bed and bathroom were clean. Of course, it is quite old and there is wallpaper peeling, tiles missing and stains and cig burns in the carpet, but the sheets were fresh and the toilet and shower had been scrubbed, so that's all I wanted. Plus, there is an excellent little shop downstairs (pretty much in the hotel) that has beer, sweets, snacks, coffee and serves delicious hot food. If you're looking for somewhere cheap and cheerful in the centre of Times Square on a budget, this is the place to be. And the hotel does
bubble_10	i cried real tears when i first saw our room on the 11th floor. it was like something from a horror move but the hotel staff changed it for us quickly to one on the 18th floor . the new room was VERY basic and not very clean. However the sheets were clean and we didnt get  bitten by bed bugs which was my worst fear. would never stay again!!
bubble_10	This was just the worst ever.   The rooms were just absolutely abhorrent.   Here's the list:  1)   There was just one electrical outlet. 2)   There was one light in the room and one bulb was broke.  Oh and it was only a 50 Watt bulb. 3)   The carpet looks like it had not been vacuumed in years. 4)   The rooms were never cleaned in 4 days of stay. 5)   The bathrooms did not have curtains. 6)   The bathrooms had mildew. 7)   The tub was kept clogging. 8)   No remote control for the TV. 9)   There was no cancellation policy.  After reserving the room on the Amex, that was it. 10)   The staff looked like they were trying to the best with what they could but still.....
bubble_10	Very nasty hotel, no wash clothes, mold in shower, carpet needs shampooing, whole hotel smell, dresser in room 806 broke, no AC. Room 814 very nasty, I have Asthma had to change rooms, that's how I end up in Rm 806. Their restaurant was dirty and nasty.
bubble_30	YA know it was great! What do people (Tourist want for the price!) It was all good. I would stay here again anytine. If you want a bed to sleep on...Well 100%...If you want bells and and whistles then don't stay....Save the room for me!
bubble_30	The hotel is poor in quality, with dirty windows, dirty carpet in the room, and we had to leave the shower on for a bit to get the water warm.  We checked for Bed Bugs etc., and there weren't any!  We slept well, perhaps because of the long journey.  What was interesting is that the hotel offer a full refund if you're not happy with the room within 10 minutes of you seeing the room, so don't expect the Hilton when you're not paying for it. The main positive - the location is absolutely outstanding!  When staying in NY, we recommend going on the internet to book tickets for excursions in advance (saves queueing), or paying for one of the city tours (over 3 days) which have tickets for the excursions... Fantastic City!
bubble_30	I was put off at first due to the reviews but for the price and location I thought we should at least try it out.  I cant really complain about too much. This Hotel is 1 block from times square, its close to the subway as well. Rooms arent cleaned everyday (maybe every 3rd I think) but really who needs fresh towels everyday, and if you really need them front desk will change them. It can be a bit loud at night due to traffic but I expected this in NY. I think the only complaint I have is that it was quite cold at night, I had to sleep in a thick sweater as they hadnt turned on the heat yet.  Bottom line if your not too fussy and your not planning on spending too much time in your room book here.
bubble_10	This hotel or crack den as we nicknamed it was so far beyond awful, awful was a dot!  We went for NYE and as it was a late booking choices for accommodation were low.  We got out of the taxi, walked into the lobby and had to laugh (or we'd of cried). Think 70's decoration at it's worst - neon lights, flower pattern carpet and a wall full of old tvs.  As the lift doors opened to the 18th floor, the first thing you saw was an exposed pipe and multiple holes in the dirty carpet.  A quick list of issues: 1. Pubic hair EVERYWHERE. On the telephone, in the button on the tv, the bathroom walls (to name a few) 2. Unvacuumed room 3. No clean towels 4. No one cleaned the room or changed sheets for the 7 days we stayed 5. Mould on the sheet 6. Missing draws 7. Leak in the ceiling 8. Hole
bubble_30	It was a room with a bed and a bathroom, which was all we needed. It was clean enough to sleep in, and we didn't have any problems or major complaints, especially considering the price and location.
bubble_10	I was absolutely mortified when we walked into our room.  There was water damage on the walls, a single light bulb hanging from the ceiling.  It was totally unacceptable.  A dirty towel was hanging in the bathroom which the door didn't lock.  No soap or wash cloths.  When we called down to ask for some the staff told us they provide beds and baths.  Creepy.  Really creepy.  The phone was on the floor and the tv looked like it was from the seventies.  This place is totally gross and should be condemned.
bubble_30	We feared the worst having already booked & then reading the reviews on here, but to be honest it isn't that bad. It wasn't the cleanest, there was an empty water bottle left under the bed, used bars of soap on the bath & quite dusty, plus the balcony door didn't shut properly & there was a big gap in between the window which we plugged with a towel, but there was no sign of mice or bed bugs as feared, and the bed was clean with fresh linen on arrival.   As we were only using the hotel for a place to sleep/shower it was ideal, as its right in the heart of Times Square. Its in desperate need of modernisation, but if you are on a budget & travelling as a couple or with friends, then you can't go far wrong here. This place wouldn't be suitable for children in my opinion.
bubble_30	The hotel is very well located, with big rooms and private baths. We didn't see any bugs or other "threats", the staff was very friendly and there is a very nice Deli across the street. They provide clean (old) towels and sheets every three days. You can hear the police and fireman every night, so its better ask for a room in upper floors. Id stay there again.
bubble_30	If you are looking for a nice, up to date hotel, than you should not go to this hotel! But, if you want to spend your money on theater tickets, shopping, dining and more in NYC and you realize that you only need a place to sleep, than you should stay at Hotel Carter.   Outside the hotel, but also when you enter the lobby, we got the feeling we were in the Disney attraction: Tower of Terror. The staff at the reception was polite and friendly to us. We asked for two renovated rooms, and we got them. The rooms and the beds and sheets were clean, the shower was hot and there were no bedbugs or cockroaches! This was very important for us!  Ok, the television and ac did not work, the power cord was to short and when I plugged it in an outlet in the bathroom, the power went out in the
bubble_10	Worst place EVER! Should have realised this when we were checking in, there is a sign at the front desk to stay you are entitled to full refund if you are in the room less then ten minutes.....! chain on the door didn't even reach the Lock, furniture had graffiti all over it. Most of the drawers were missing handles so couldn't open them , not that you would want to put your clothes in them anyway! The one draw we did open had the Fire Alarm in it with NO battery, felt real safe when we found this given that there was a bundle of wires in the corner that looked pretty dangerous, they were covered by the curtain out of view, felt even more secure!! No hot water in the shower but was told to run the hot tap in the sink and the shower at same time for about 10mins to get hot water.
bubble_20	First of all, I knew I was not going to a top notch hotel.  I needed a relatively inexpensive place to stay for a long weekend and the Hotel Carter was one of the few I found that I could afford.  On the positive side, my sheets were clean, I had hot water and the place did not have bedbugs.  Where do I begin with the negatives?  The room looked like it hadn't been renovated in 40 years.  My overhead light fixture was little more than a bare bulb hanging from the ceiling.  The bathroom wall had a gaping hole behind the door.  The sink was cracked. The comforter had "suspect" stains on it.  The TV worked sometimes.  If you are only looking for a bed to crash and don't plan to spend much time in the room, go for it.  But be warned that it's a dump.
bubble_10	This "hotel" is so dirty. We found a mouse in one of our bags and rats in the room - twice! Fungus on the bathroom walls. The room was only cleaned (cleaned - ha!) two or three times during our 10 day stay. Had there been any rooms vacant at a affordable hotel somewhere else in NYC we would have checked out immediately! The hotel staff is a joke.  This is a cheap hotel so surely you can't expect luxury,but this place is totally unacceptable. Someone call the authorities!
bubble_10	we walked in and walked right out of the room it was filthy moldy and the furniture was falling in on its self.  we were then told we would get a full refund and 4 days later receive notice that they were not refunding the money because we had stayed there and that even if we didn't they were still charging us. Had to dispute it through our credit card.  The Cheetah club is next door and I an sure that is where they get most of their business by the hour DO NOT EVEN THINK OF BOOKING
bubble_10	My sisters and I visited this past weekend for my sister's 30th bday. Although I completely understand what some reviewers are saying when they say "you get what you pay for," it doesn't mean that the hotel shouldn't comply with all health and safety codes and standards. The room was absolutely disgusting and I wouldn't suggest it to anyone not even my worse enemy. The bathroom looked as though if I blew on it, it would fall into pieces. I've never seen that much dirt and grime in my entire life. We were unable to take showers and we all slept in our clothes and slept with our bags on the bed to avoid possible critters. We requested heat and was informed that management wouldn't turn it on so we were freezing as well. We met someone on the elevator that informed us that she had
bubble_40	Let's be honest: a hotel located on 43rd Street in New York City, 30 seconds by feet from Times Square, safe, with a very good bed and shower, for only US$ 98 a night, is something really hard to find. OK, it is old and a reformation would usually be recommended, but then the room would cost at least twice the price.  It is close to the Port Authority Bus Terminal, to a big subway station on 42nd St., to several theaters, bars, restaurants, stores, etc.  Highly recommended if you know what to expect. Oh yes, and I read about the bed bugs, but I spent 6 nights there and couldn't find any in my room...
bubble_20	Just spent two miserable nights at the Carter hotel in New York City. Discovered this dive on the Internet; it was described as a "budget" hotel. It surely was easy on the pocket for $162.00 per night including taxes, but painful on all other counts. The Carter probably had its hayday back in the 60's when it was cleaned for the last time. Absolutely filthy, run-down, sticky, smelly cells called "rooms", with attached bathrooms blackened by mold, unrecognizable grime on window sills, and water dripping from the ceiling. Horrible! We are well-travelled and stayed at budget hotels in many different countries but never had such a disgusting experience. I had to buy Clorox to clean the bathtub and flip-flops so we don't need to stand in the tub barefeet! The only "positive" thing
bubble_10	Carter is one of the worst hotels Ive ever been to. The room and beds are not that bad, the big problem is the bathroom: theres mold all around, its dirty, and the painting in the ceiling was falling down. The location is preetty good depending in what youre up to, but in the other hand its so crowded around times square that we were not able to get a taxi to go to penn station - we had to carry our heavy luggage for all the way. I do not recomend the hotel to anybody.
bubble_10	My family and I stayed at the Carter from October 5th-October 8, 2010.  Location is awesome, but there was mold on the shower curtain and we had to  make several trips to the front desk for towels.  Maid service is every three days.  The room did not smell bad, but it looked like something from a 3rd world county.  And I do not mean a resort in a 3rd world country.  If you go, remember to bring your own towels and shampoo/soap.  I would also buy Clorox and poor in the bath tub to kill the mold before you bathe.
bubble_10	My friend and I stayed at the Carter for a week. Next time we visit the city we are staying further away from Times Square. It is very, very, noisy and too many people!! The hotel is very old and should be torn down. There is a smell that about knocks you down upon entering. The only good thing was the shower worked well and we did have a new mattress. We only got 4 channels on the old tv and our carpet was kid themed with bright balloons!! Also, it was super cold and there wasn't a heater. We are just thankful there were no bed bugs!!! I would definitely not stay here with children.
bubble_10	I booked a trip to new york with family, tried to keep it on a budget of 500 (including flights and 3 nights stay) so the travel agent recommended this hotel. We checked in and went to our room........we then checked out 5 minutes later (the hotel has a policy where if you are in your room for not longer than 10 minutes you will be given a full refund - this alone is not a good start when checking in). A basic room is what you need when visiting new york, however i wouldn't even leave my dog there.  The windows wouldn't shut, the doors could be easily opened and i wasn't happy leaving my belongings in the room unattended. The bathroom was diabolical, a piece of cloth acting as a shower curtain, it was as if they started decorating and never finished. There are so many hotels in
bubble_10	Appreciate you get what you pay for, but this place really doesn't justify paying anything. Judging by the photos online, they are gradually renovating (in the loosest sense), however, the room we got was akin to a very poor hostel at best. Room was dirty and the bathroom clearly hadn't been cleaned properly for years. Lights were broken, AC didn't work properly, and the room was so noisy getting any sleep was difficult. We pre-booked seven nights and bailed after one. If you absolutely have to save the pennies, I'm sure you can get better for about the same (some of NYC's hostels have decent enough reputations). If you can stretch your budget a bit, then I would definately do so. This place isn't worth the risk or apparent saving.
bubble_30	We stayed two nights in early September 2010. The location is the best, being just off Times Square. The reception staff were short on words but not rude.  The security man was friendly and OK. He showed us up to our room that had an ensuite, a single central light, a window aircon that worked and a playroom carpet. No Bed Bugs! The room and hotel were clean as far as we could see but in need of a makeover. The price was cheap considering the location and we would go again and hope it was as good and not as other reviewers have found it. It serves a purpose for many on a limited budget. DON'T FORGET ---->     You get what you pay for!
bubble_10	As I read this should be the worst place I ever been. And that is saying a lot for me, I stayed in the cheapest places in all south america but never like this, at least there I knew what to expect, and the people there would never call that a Hotel. I made a big mistake trusting a persons recommendation (i would never do that again). Be smart (not as I did), trust this reviews, is better to be a little further that spend the night in this let's say hotel.
bubble_10	This has got to be the worst place I've ever stayed in.  I was depressed walking in there.  The "hotel" as they call it, was a mess.  We stayed there 9/21 through the 9/23 the room was NOT cleaned durning our stay.  It was like a flop house.  HATED this so called hotel and would NEVER be back or recommend people stay completely away from here!!!  I should have listened to the reviews.  It was dirty and the halls smelled.  Someone in the elevator told me that was roach spray.  The place was HELL!  STAY AWAY!!!!!
bubble_20	We took a one night stay at carter with my gfriend. We also red reviews about the bedbugs and stuff. All in all no bedbugs, clean sheets in bed, airconditioning, and tv that worked. all that we needed for our purpose which was ...... just to sleep and get out, not hang in there.. we were outside till midnight and went straight to bed and in the morning when we woke up we left the place immedietly. So the place is perfect for 1 night only, never ever would I spent more time there..
bubble_10	Dirty, horrible and infested in bed bugs. Never ever would i stay here again it would be cleaner to sleep on the streets of NYC for a night than stay here!
bubble_10	so me and 2 other friends decided to go to New York for the weekend, and chose the Carter just because of the price.  After reading about it on the net, I decided to call them the night before our trip to confirm our reservation ( I didn't want to sleep on the streets at all), some kind of "chinese" guy (I say this bc I work with them and I know their english accent) answer the phone. As I was trying to explain to him that all I wanted was to confirm that there was going to have a room for me and my friends the next day his answer twice was: " IF YOU WANT A ROOM TOMORROW, YOU COME TOMORROW", after the second time, he hung up on me... Of course I called back, and I very nice and polite guy answer the phone, and explained to me how it works, and gave me his word that there was
bubble_40	You can't expect the world of this hotel, niether could you at any other New York hotel that's found in Times Square for the same money. The room was clean, tidy, recent lick of paint did it some good. Hot water when you need it, cool air when you want it, we had a great view of Madame Tusseuds and a comfy bed. The service was great too, need more pillows, more towels, maybe even a new TV (ours didnt work) then go out all day and find everything you need for when you get back. At the end of the day, this type of hotel is used for one thing, stop gap between sight seeing. I would recommend this hotel.
bubble_40	I've stayed here every summer for the last 5 years and this year I was there for 4 nights in August and 1 in September (I use it as transit hotel for next stop).    First off the bad bits, the hotel is pretty old and although renovations are going on with 700 rooms and the fact its usually very busy don't expect a fancy room.  The first room I was in was not two bad but as with alot of old hotels the door to the bathroom no longer closed and unfortunately the bath was so dirty I went out and bought cleaner for it!  However, the hotel itself is in one of the best locations in New York, literally walk out the front door turn right and within 2 minutes your on Times Square.  At the prices they charge you can't get anything better.  Over the years I have heard horror storys about
bubble_10	Apparently the hotels in New York don't have to comply with ANY health codes! This was the dirtiest most disgusting hotel room I've ever seen. I don't know where to even begin. No towels... we had to go to the desk and ask for them, the carpet looked like the last time it was vacuumed was 1972 the day it was installed, there were two beds that looked like they came straight from a flea market, the walls were bare, paint peeled, the one outlet in the room not counting the one in the bathroom had one usable plug as the other was blocked by an exposed water pipe (nice), one light bulb hanging from the ceiling (the compact fluorescent bulb was a nice touch), the bathtub was full of dirty black stuff (I don't care to know what), the closet was stinky and disgusting and I was sure I
bubble_40	So we were told this place was UNREAL, Gross, Cockroach infest and just a total dump. But we took our chances anyway.  I arrived on Times Square and I was at the hotel. It looked a little scary cause its next to a gentleman's club and it didn't look ANYTHING like its Pictures!,  But when I went and checked in all was Grand. The staff were So nice and told me where to meet my mates who were already here. The room was just what we wanted. Some where to sleep and shower. And also somewhere we could have a laugh and maybe watch some tv late at night. Its not somewhere I would be hanging out for long times but when your in NY ya dont need to be hanging around the hotel cause there is so much to do. The computer people here were unreal friendly. They helped me out loads while I was
bubble_10	Worse Hotel in NYC the area is not bad at all, but the service was  really bad.  Please avoid this hell hotel it is filthy dirty, it smell so bad, the room didn't even look like the pictures they have to view the rooms, there was no towels, hair dryer or ironing board in the room and the TV only had one channel. It was a nightmare we only stayed one night thank god.
bubble_40	The Hotel Carter is Fantastic.  Certainly not a five star but a great deal for your money. The hotel is a total throwback to the 70s.  The lobby is constantly filled with mostly younger 20s and early 30s international travelers, all having a great time and sitting around sharing adventures until the wee hours of the night.  Myself included.  I stayed for two weeks and the vibe and energy of the place felt like carnival.   You also see families coming through, although you won't see them sitting around the lobby.  When i was done enjoying the company of the international mob downstairs, i was happy to go to my large, clean and private room with a great bathroom.  Like the lobby and the rest of the hotel, the furniture is old but all functional and clean.   As great as the energy
bubble_10	this hotel is like something out of 1970's starsky and hutch! we had to put our cases against the door for security! it is very central but not clean and very very shabby!
bubble_50	Everyone here complaining obviously forgets the fact that the hotel is 1-2*. Yes it is old, but it's right on Times Square, it is the cheapest solution with ensuite bathroom and the staff is really helpful. I traveled alone and wanted to have a TV in my room. The TV was broken and I asked the receptionist to move me to another room and he did so. I'd stay again if I wanted to be near Times Sq.
bubble_10	This place is so bad, I'm surprised that the mice and roaches that crawl across your sheets during the middle of the night haven't found a better place to call home.
bubble_10	Now we have done everything! The doorman looked like a ghoul......the carpets were filthy, we should have known. Our room had 3 different pieces of carpeting (stained and dirty), bathroom was beyond imagination - showered with a towel in the bath. The sheets were clean but the mattress was stained......... makes you think?? The staff have probably heard so many complaints that they just could not care! The smoke detector was in a drawer with no batteries - how can the "authorities" allow these people to continue running this flea pit! We did not see any "bugs" but rooms smelled strongly of insecticide. Awful!
bubble_30	I am in Hotel Carter as I type. I'm with my child and I came to attend a conference that is in a hotel that is $200 a night. I couldn't afford that. We spent our entire day today outside of the hotel on Times Square-- checking out king Tut, the incredible Toys R Us which is like an amusement park, restaurants, etc. My kid, who complained about non luxurious the hotel Carter room is, crashed after our full day.   Let's be real. The room is bare minimum. The television in the room is a 1988 Zenith. But, it's a sleep spot in Manhattan. The cops are stationed literally outside because of times square being a tourist area. We are safe. I paid 80  bucks. A win in my book.
bubble_10	The only good thing about this hotel is the location, other than that it's very basic. The rooms need a good refurbish, the carpets are in bits, you need to wear your flip flops in the shower, no light shades, curtains very tatty, the reception staff not very helpful..ie.. someone tried to get into our room (WITH A KEY) in the early hrs, luckily we had the chain across and bags against the door so they couldn't get in but when we reported it to reception they didn't care. So we left, if you want to feel secure, don't stay there.
bubble_10	Why you should stay away.....  bugs on the walls & ceilings in the rooms.  what appeared to be menstrual stains on the beds.... either that or trace evidence left over from some horrific crime scene housekeeping (if they actually exist, but I dont think they do) forgot to put sheets on one of the beds and when we called the front desk to try to remedy this, they didn't speak english
bubble_10	Even after reading the reviews I decided to give Hotel Carter a try because we wanted to stay in Times Square and couldn't afford an expensive hotel.  BIG MISTAKE.  The front desk staff was unfriendly and very curt.  When we arrived on our floor the smell in the hallways was terrible (and no air conditioning in the halls).  We entered our room to find:  peeling paint on the walls and ceiling, broken furniture, filthy carpets that were stained and not vacuumed, windows that were dirty both inside and out, nails sticking in the walls, fire alarm hanging from the ceiling, a painted bathtub that was peeling and dirty, and a live cockroach in the bathroom.  When we complained about the cockroach the desk clerk laughed but did agree to move us to a "better" room.  It was only slightly
bubble_20	I have stay there for shopping in New York. The price related to the adress of the hotel it was ok. The carter hotel is 2 minutes from Times square. The room was not ok. The floor was dirty and the bath ugly. anyway the bed was clean so this was the important. if you have ask the reception you receive everyday clean bed and blanket...If you are really the hole day go shopping and only sleep few hours in the hotel it is ok.
bubble_30	my husband and I just came back from NYC, and I had read all the reviews and was horrified to what I read. but when i got there i tried to be open minded. our room was basic but clean, although most important is to check the mattress that it is a new one as an old mattress will have the bed bugs to my own experiance,so had to change rooms, we got one of the new renovated ones checked the mattress and it was fine.  location was fantastic 3 mins to the centre of times square, close to 2 subways and a walgreen just at the end of the road open 24hrs, if you turn left out of the hotel then right a mcdonalds 24hrs and so many more things to eat.
bubble_20	My second stay at the Hotel Carter left me quite surprised at the improvements that have taken place. In fact even other shocked guests in the elevator were moved to comment how clean the place was. Very helpful front desk staff, free wi-fi in the lobby, clean sheets and no sign of unwelcome beasties. The room itself had the usual unexplicable black stains on the wall and ceiling, and carpets that should have been burnt years ago, but the bathroom was clean with new fixtures and good water pressure. For a couple of days in Times Square, and if your expectations are not too high, it would be hard to find a better deal. Don't expect your room to be made up.
bubble_30	stayed there many times over the years, for last visit my rooms were all clean although basic, no dirt or bedbugs, the traditional cockroaches also missing, so the place is in danger of losing its character also the times square area much improved, no more street beggers, no more drunks passed out on footpaths, safe to walk around day and night now a short walk to port authority building with all public transport
bubble_10	Speaking as someone who works in the resort/hotel business in Virginia Beach I was very skeptical when my mother booked this hotel for a fun family get away for my sister's graduation present. We purposely booked Friday night because we were due to arrive around 6am on Saturday and wanted to get right in and sleep for a bit before being tourists. When we checked in, not only did the lobby smell of mold and mildew, but the hotel had sold our room that we had already paid for. The man at the front desk had the nerve to tell me the he wouldnt charge me for last night, even though he SOLD our room that we had strategically booked! That was not the worst of it. The elevator does not work like modern elevators because the floor buttons are merely call buttons for the elevator. If
bubble_30	I recently stayed at the Carter with 12 girlfriends. I had read the reviews and we were all nervous upon arrival. The man at the desk was friendly and helpful. They even let us cancel one room that very night saving us some $.  We had 3 quad rooms. One of the rooms didnt have a working light but the staff moved us to one that did. My room had the wall mirror ripped off and it was sitting by the TV. One of the drawers of the dresser had also been ripped out and was missing from the room entirely. The whole place did smell like raid. But we only had one incident with a bug, in which a moth came flying out right when we entered the room and led to half a dozen screaming women. But after realizing it was just a moth, everything was fine.  All in all the place was fine! We slept in
bubble_30	Location couldn't be better - hard rock cafe on the street corner, right on Times Square!  For $100 a night per room and meters from Times square i don't think there is anything to complain about.  The staff couldn't have been more helpful and they are NOT behind a perspex glass as a previous reviewer suggested.  The foyer is nicely done with new leather sofas and furniture and an internet suite.  The communal toilets in the foyer are clean and quite big, ideal to freshen up in if you have checked out hours before your flight.  Also there is a luggage storage room which is locked and manned by the hotel security.  Once you go up in the lifts the yes the hotel changes to a more 70's feel with old fashioned and well used rooms.  However we stayed in 1701, 2 & 3 and they were ok.
bubble_10	My first and only experience with bed bugs in all of the places I've stayed.  Woke up with blood spots on the sheets and actually found 3 of the engorged insects.  Yes, Hotel Carter is a good deal for a great location, but unless you want to have a few extra guests in your bed, stay away.
bubble_40	After getting no sleep at all at our hostel, we desperately searched "cheap NYC hotel" on google. The Carter came up, and it was 10 dollars cheaper per night than the hostel. We took it right away. When we got there, the staff were wonderful. The doorman was friendly and helpful and check-in was easy. We were able to check in at 10AM which was great, because we needed to sleep! The room was big enough for the comfortable, clean, wonderful king size bed. We slept like logs for a few hours before walking over to Central Park. The room also has a tv, an a/c, a closet and a desk (no chair). It was everything we needed as all we wanted to use our hotel for was sleep. The bathroom was kind of gungy, but nicer than the hostel's. The carpets were not clean, but we just kept our sandals
bubble_10	Just think New York should have a standard before got there, but wrong, totally wrong! Come home now with bed bugs bite, maybe even take home the bed bugs! Watch youtube and search Hotel Carter in New York you will see how awful it is! Warning-bed bugs!!!
bubble_20	Hesitant would be an understatement about my decision to stay there.  Went Thanksgiving Day parade. Friends who are frequent travelers to NY were staying there and had stayed there before.  Traveled with 17 and 20 year old children.  The hotel was dirty, the floor in our room was filthy-no way would I go barefoot.  Sheets were clean but we discarded bedspreads. TV was lousy.  No amenities like fridge. Shower was clean, really old; good hot water.  Last night the weather turned cold and we almost froze in the room - we were too tired to request another room. I'm really obsessed with getting good hotel rooms (my kids couldn't believe I stayed here) but we had a blast staying there and still laugh about it. I tried to think of it as urban camping because I felt a big grungy but
bubble_30	I stayed at the carter even after reading the awful reviews on this site. Needless to say i was nervous. When i arrived we were straight at the front desk to check in, lady was polite and IT WAS SO CHEAP! Yes the lobby looks like (and prob was one day) a brothel but it was clean enough. now for the bit i was realy nervous about, the room. WOW! was clean, spaceious, TV worked and hot water! For $750 for a quad room directly next to times sqaure for 5 nights, there is nothing to complain about.
bubble_30	I booked this hotel through lastminutetravel.com, and paid $80 per night for 2 nights.  It was the least expensive place out there minus going all the way to Jamaica by JFK.  When I read the reviews after booking, I was actually horrified, and told all my friends where I was staying in case I didn't make it back alive.  When I checked in, I asked for a renovated room.  I was put on the 20th floor and had a King Bed and an actual balcony looking out over the street.  I didn't actually go out onto the  balcony, because I wasn't sure it was safe, but was able to open the doors for fresh air.  My television worked fine, my bed linens and bathroom linens were clean.  The carpet was a bit gross, but I just made sure to wear shoes or socks.  I also stopped and got a little febreeze and
bubble_30	I stayed there back in '98 with some friends.  Yeah, it was dirty and the front desk staff wasn't real friendly, but great rates and great location.  What do you expect?  The really only uncomfortable experiences were the unexplicable ones.  Elevator always went to the wrong floor.  Could be wiring, but it only happened when I was alone, not with my 3 friends.  Took a shower and had a couple of hangers on a hook.  They started swinging uncontrollably in the middle of my shower and flew off.   Then the radio turned on...I double checked there was no alarm.  I was 27 back then, but now I am almost 40 and the experience has definitely left an imprint on me. I am old off to this wasn't just a coiincidence.  There could be good ghost hunting there.
bubble_20	Location for the price you can't get any better that Hotel Carter, I booked my hotel last minute so at that time the only other hotels near Times Square were over $300 which my friends refused to chip in for although I was willing to spend that much. We endedup paying about $115 a night for 3 adults.  You are super close to the subway system and the Circle Line Boat Tours and of course Times Square.  As far as the room I found hair that wasn't mine, drawers that couldnt open, no tv remote, bed with only flat sheet no bottom (so basically sleeping on mattress), were told by front desk no more bath towels available, a dirty maids cleaning rag in the corner, broken  shower curtain, hair and bobbie pins that weren't mine (not my hair color & I didnt have hair pins) my other two
bubble_40	Stayed here for five nights and found the hotel great for what we wanted.  The room was certainly no frills, but was clean, decent shower, secure, and being as we were travelling on a budget was great value.  Most importantly it was just off Times Square!
bubble_40	I have to admit when I booked the hotel for my friend and I, I didnt read the reviews. She did and after that we both were scared but then we thought let's just go for it otherwise we can still leave. I have to say, it is not as bad as everybody says. The rooms were clean we had no bugs or anything, I know the carpet would need some serious cleaning but other then that we were totally fine with the room. The staff was very nice and helpful. If you wanna be close to everything the carter is so great because with just 2 steps you're right on Times Square. We had a great time in the carter. The only bad thing was that we didnt have a remote for the tv so either one of us had to get up to switch channels or turn it off at night :)
bubble_10	Please,Please, Please don't go to this Hotel it is completly disgusting if you like rat and bed bugs you are welcome to go.
bubble_40	Im a brazilian guy who travelled to NYC this last april, 2010. Id like to say I was a bit scared about reading all the reviews about Carter. I usually stay at good hotels, but as this time I was travelling to NYC just to shop and I wouldnt stay at the room for so long, I decided to book this hotel. I read all the reviews and Carter Hotel is an old hotel, but its well located, good service and when I arrived I asked for the new rooms. They gave me the key of room 802 and to my surprise, the room was so nice. It has a good queen bed, a new carpet, my bathroom was so clean, new curtains and 4 big mirrors on it. My room was cleaned everyday and the heating was working perfect. My tv was nice too and all the 10 channels were working fine. I dont have any complain about it. I was
bubble_10	The hotel is in a great location and I did not see any bugs in the room and the sheets did appear to be clean but that is it.  Dirty floors - no one went without shoes, no outlets, no washcloths for the bathroom, no bath mats, no hangers in the closet, very small room with 2 beds and an old nightstand between them, a TV that had very poor picture quality and only had a few chanels, no lamp - just a light bulb hanging from the ceiling, doors with 3 different locks that slammed shut.  Did not expect much at $100 a night but did hope for more than what I got.  Was told at check in that I was given one of the "nicer" rooms.
bubble_10	if you want to know anything about this hotel just watch this video and you'll get a good idea of what it would be like.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgBE1L8_WUs&feature=related
bubble_20	This hotel has an interesting history  in NYC from a hostel, to brothel to being used by the city as low cost housing the Carter has been around for a long time.  The hotel is old and dirt but the things that actually count were ok.  I checked the bed and it had clean sheet like they had just come from the laundry, the bathtub and toilet were both clean altho they were old.  Looks like the bathroom had a little work done so that was ok.  The TV had horrible cable reception, the phone did not work and carpets were disgusting.  For me as long as the bed and bathroom are clean and im safe I dont care.  If you are in NYC your not going to watch that much TV anyway.  I have a cell phone so who cares if the phone didnt work.  Overall if you are on a tight tight budget and want a clean
bubble_10	This is the 1st ond ONLY negative review I have ever written. This hotel gets attention and many bookings as it boasts it's "great location" and view of the ball dropping on New Years Eve.  The rooms were "affordable" for being a block away from Times Square.  However, the hair in the shower, the broken air conditioners and the HUGE coakroaches on the floor are NOT worth it! The room was a 2 twin and there was hardly enough room to walk around the 2 beds...let alone have a place to set your things. I literally left the room and slept in our van in the parking garage below the hotel. Make sure to check into OTHER hotels in this area and PASS on Hotel Carter!!
bubble_30	Me and my husband had a HORRIBLE experience with the hotel itself. The staff was anything but friendly (we were told we had to tip). The hotel was overbooked so we waited at least 5 hours to get a room. The young man in charged did his best to find us a room, even though he checked rooms that people were currently in. I would NEVER take my kids here, but would considered staying again if they weren't there. For the location and price it's ok.
bubble_40	This hotel is good value because of the cheap room rates available despite its location in the centre of the city. I am not denying that the hotel has its faults. Among these are the fact that the rooms and common areas of the hotel could do with some major renovation work and some sound proofing. Bed linen though clean is noticeably old and in need of replacement. Air conditioning units are also old and noisy. Bins around the hotel are sometimes left overflowing with plastic bottles and other rubbish. In fairness the owners do not try to hide the fact that this is a budget hotel on any of the websites on which they are listed. The hotel has many positive points. The staff are extremely welcoming and helpful, no matter what time of the day or night you may require their
bubble_40	We booked through easyclicktravel for like $65 a night.  The hotel is what it is.  It is old and a bit creepy and not the cleanest rooms around but it is definately not horrible.  We stayed at the Latham in April and the Carter was way, way better.  The room was huge for a Manhattan hotel.  The front desk staff and the bag guys were always helpful and fun.  The location is what really makes this worth it as you are seriously a stones throw from Times Square.  I couldn't believe how much better the locations, the room size and the service were here compared to the Latham.
bubble_40	First let me start with don't let the reviews scare you away.  I booked a room before I read these reviews and almos canceled, but then decided to go and see first hand before I made a choice.  Yes the carpet is old and yes the lobby looks like something from the 70s, but there were no roaches, no rats, no leaking water and I even had a fairly new bed.  Overall for 120 bucks for two nights you cannot beat it.  The furniture was pretty old and I had no phone, and only 3 cable channels, but I had clean sheets, clean towels, and a clean remodeled bathroom.  I wasn't even in the room enough to do anything but sleep so most of that didn't bother me.  If I had complaints they would be 1. Pretty noisy at times 2. Warm water but not hot water. 3. Fire alarm went off at 5 am  overall
bubble_30	This is not the Westin which is next door. However, traveling to NYC on a holiday weekend to see someone you haven't seen in 3-5years on a budget is tough. The location is unbelieveable and i could see Times Square from my room 1909. The hallways are creppy the closet is definitely not a useful storage space although it is large. The bathroom had a renovation start with travertine tiles but it was never carried over to the rest of the bathroom. But under $100 a night on Valentine's weekend/President's day weekend/Chinese New Year is amazing! The staff was super nice and gave us extra towels and blankets when we asked. Encouraged us to call if we wanted anything or a different room. The rooms are smallish but my friend and I were fine. If you have a bad back pay the extra for a
bubble_10	Stayed at this hotel for one night and one night only. When we walked into the lobby we instantly got a strip club feel. Maybe they brought in some of the neon lighting from the strip club next door. After that we proceeded to check-in at the bank teller style front desk. That was a sign of things to come.. (why do you need glass between concierge and guests?!?!) The couple in front of us were returning their key card because it belonged to a room that was already occupied. This set off my paranoia. I could never be sure they wouldn't hand out my room key to someone so I had to keep all valuables with me at all times. Other than that, the rooms are filthy.. our room had plaster dust all over the place, the bathroom was full of rust and mold, and the bed... ohh the bed.. The bed
bubble_10	So dirty that no one want to take their shoes off.  The shower was horrible we have no idea how to shower without touching the dirty tiles and floor.  so we put towels  in the shower.    And I can truly say I see better furnitures by the street for garbage then in our room.  The closet shelf was totally black with dirty, black, not gray.  the location is amazingly good, half a block from Time Square.  Price is amazing, 100 something for a night.  But  with room like that, they can't pay me 100 to stay there.
bubble_30	Let me preface this by saying I am a 24 year old guy and was traveling with a buddy of the same age. We had never been to NY before and knew we were hardly goimg to be at the hotel. From the time we got there the service was actually great, including a very nice doorman. They let us check in early at no extra cost. The room itself was nasty, as expected, but who cares we were only there for 3 hrs a night to sleep.
bubble_10	Stayed at the Carter one night. I couldn't possibly subject my wife and myself to a second.  The room was in tatters, the bathroom pathetic with faucets leaking provusely and no towles (we had to ask for some), curtains torn, overhead light fixture non existent except a bulb and...the bed bug that bit me that night left me a present on my belly that lasted six months before it healed!   When I went down to complain to the manager the following morning, the stoned-faced Asian woman - supposedly the manager - did not speak one word.  She just looked at me.  Furious English tourists received the same treatment.   We are shocked that the New York health department leaves properties like these to represent their city by taking no action to close them down!
bubble_10	I have stayed in cheap hotels, motels, and hostels all over the us and europe.  I have never experienced anything like this before.   The room was very basic, and that is ok, but there were stains on the furniture, carpet, and bed.   Not old stains that someone was not able to get out,  fresh stains that no one has attempted to clean.   There was hair on our towels,  large clumps of hair.   We went shopping and bought pillowcases, sheets, and blankets.   Really it was that bad,  I refused to walk barefoot anywhere in the room.   Also the required a "deposit" for the room key, but they would not give it back when we gave them back the room key.
bubble_30	There's nothing special really in Carter Hotel except for the fact that it is very well located but despite its simplicity I must say we felt very comfortable staying there. I recommend it for budget traveler looking for a decent place to stay right in the city center. We paid through Easy Click web site about 60 $ a night which is relatively low so obviously we were happy.
bubble_20	I stayed at Hotel Carter last year for 3 nights. I made the mistake of booking a room before I had read the reviews. I spent hours reading reviews and I was simply terrified. Since I had already paid for the room I only hoped my room will be in the upper floors (most of the people were complaining of the smell in the lobby). When we arrived late at night the lobby was packed with Asian tourists. The woman at the reception desk gave me the room key without saying anything. I asked my boyfriend to wait in the lobby with the suitcases so I can go and check how bad the room is (I also knew from the reviews that people were changing rooms until they find something acceptable). I was surprised to find out that the room was not that bad. The sheets looked cleaned (I used the pillow
bubble_40	me and my friend had a great time laughing at how absolutly sketchy this hotel looked. mostly because its an older building. the closet was creepy in the room, but other then that it was good for our purpose. we were just there for a concert and stayed for one night.  the location is amazing as its all of five minutes from both Times Square and the Greyhound Bus Terminal, which is useful when walking to the bus terminal at 4:45am.   I'd entirely stay there again as it was a great price for what we needed, and i'm recommending it to one of my friends who is going to New York at the end of the month.
bubble_10	Just look at the photos. No curtain in the shower. Lose tiles. Bedding with yellow stains. One very dirty chair. etc.
bubble_10	My room smelled moll and smoke. At the floor we had buttons, balls of hair, and all sorts of things that weren't supposed to be there. The paint was falling appart. We couldn`t stay even for one night. We changed to roosevelt hotel, for similar price, wich is a simple but CLEAN hotel very near carter.
bubble_10	My boyfriend and I have stayed at this hotel 3 separate times now, each for a night or two.  The first two trips were spontaneous, last-minute decisions and we found Carter on a travel agency website.  We saw the price and couldn't pass up the location!  We weren't too impressed with the first two stays, but we loved the location and couldn't resist the savings.  Check-in was always fairly quick and they always accomodated our early arrivals.  The room only ever had two towels in it (we had to ask for more, which they had no problem with), no wash cloths or bath mat.  We never had a comfortable bed, but there were no bugs, so we couldn't complain.  Everything else people have posted is accurate.  Dirty bathrooms, questionably clean hotel rooms, but a great location (that's about
bubble_40	My wife and i were in NYC for a week and we found a great deal of a price and we did  not realize how close the hotel was to everything.The room was clean and quiet.Everything worked and the bed was extremely comfortable.The deli below has a great breakfast menu at a great price.It was awesome...walk out of the hotel and boom...Times Square...If you are looking for a hot shower and a bed to sleep in,then this is the value for you..And yes my wife and i going again in December 2010.....and we are staying at Hotel Carter...
bubble_20	the personnel was helpful & friendly. towels were soft & plentiful. beds (we had 2 rooms-and stayed 4 nights) were comfortable and the sheets & pillowcases were clean. shower was good, and the water was always hot.  price was also great. location is PERFECT, near everything. adjoining deli--sandwiches were yummy. would I stay there again? ABSOLUTELY!! however, and this is a HUGE HOWEVER, I highly recommend you bring a wash cloth or two, and slippers as I do not believe it was vacuumed in a very long, long, long, LONG TIME. and bring a plastic cup. also, even though toilet was forceful, it leaked every time we flushed, so we put a towel behind it. and, bring flip flops or water shoes for your shower, as the bathtub needs a cleaning. our bathtub wasn't too bad, but the other gals
bubble_40	We were in town for a hockey game and do not usually spend a lot of time in the hotel when we are traveling.  For a short stay of 3 nights, this hotel was perfect for us.  For cripes sake, you are in the Big Apple!!!  Instead of shelling out big bucks for a ritzy hotel in a central location, stay here--if nothing else, it will encourage you to explore all that the city has to offer!  Here are the pro's/con's and decide for yourself...  Pro's: Location -- Times Square -- central location where all the action is, plenty of cafes, restaurants, movie theatres and shops nearby, very touristy, also near Theatre District  Very close to public transit system-- in almost any direction you can find a subway station a block or two away, bus stops also nearby; we also took the train/bus to
bubble_30	Also being a little bit worried after reading the reviews...me and my friends are not disappointed after our stay at the Carter hotel.  The location is more than perfct! Having Times Square around the corner.  Lobby...little bit shabby...Personel was vry nice! You could ask everything and they were very friendly.   Room, nice view...ok, it was a little bit small...But your in New York! How much time do you spend in your room? Bathroom was clean, you didn't get clean towels every day, but you could get them at the reception.   We could use the foon for free (within the region)  Next time I go to New York, and I don't want to spend t much money, I would definitely book the Carter hotel again.
bubble_40	Me and my friend were scared going to the carter after reading the reviews but it was excelent. We stayed in room 2218 wich had a very big balkony (very rare in NYC) with view over the city and Hudson river. See the foto's i added.  We asked for seperated beds and get 2 double beds. Clean sheats, nice shower. The only thing the carter must do, is hoover the halways and rooms. And offcourse was the location was superb. This hotel was much better than the Portland Square Hotel (also a budget hotel within 50 min of Times square)
bubble_40	I was scared to book a room in Hotel Carter because of the bad reviews on this site. Even the travel agency phoned me up asking if I was sure I wanted to stay in the Carter rather then changing to another hotel and pay $100 more. I refused, and I'm glad I did. I absolutely loved this hotel! From the moment I arrived till they escorted me to the airport minivan, I have not one complaint. I stayed a week in the Carter and it was in the middle of Times square, the fun part of Manhatten. My room was clean, as was the linen. It was quiet, no loud neighbors. The staff was very friendly, and by times funny. Louis, the manager was great, as was Mira, the congierge. Ofcourse this wasn't a 5 star hotel, but for this prize and location I certainly will return to Hotel Carter again next
bubble_10	i should've known to leave when the guy ahead of me was trying to rent a room without an i.d.  this dude made mohammed atta look like mr. rogers.  though the clerk denied his entry, i still believe it was because i was there as a witness to it.  the room was worse than a being in a mexican laundromat with a toothache.  there was no art, no nightstand, four channels, no remote, no view, no breeze, a broken a/c and a stench that reminded me of being inside an ashtray stuck inside a fat woman's shoe.  i will never, ever even walk by this place again.  do not, even with an uzi to your head, stay here.
bubble_30	The location is great ( near Time Square)  and you can get a nice price.
bubble_20	when we arrived we were welcomed in a friendly manner and the night and day porters were more then friendly and helpful. the room was not amazing but we got what we paid for. the sheets were clean but i would say bring your own towels.  if you just wont somewhere to sleep there carter is ideal and the location is amazing.
bubble_10	I have travelled all over the world and appreciate inexpensive hotels with no frills but this was the most disgusting hotel ever!!  There was mold on the walls and in the bathroom, there was disgusting things stuck to the walls by previous guests just to name a few of the stomach churning "perks" of this hotel.  I was so skeeved out that I couldn't even sleep under the covers of the bed, I'm sure that there were bed bugsor worst!  I go out of my way to make sure that no one that I know ever stays at this hotel no matter how good a deal!
bubble_50	I had read so many shattering reviews of this hotel that I wanted to find out by myself, tired of spending so much money for hotel rooms, too.  Ok, the carpet on the stairs leading to the lobby could be cleaner and there was one brick off but the staff at the recpetion was very efficient and friendly. The guy who took up my luggage explained me how  to do if there should be a problem getting warm water in the shower but during my whole stay of 4 nights I had no problem at all with warm water and I did not see this famous brown water which you see on some photos of the reviews. The pression of the water was great (18th floor) and the water so hot that it could wake up a dead man in the morning. The flush in the toilet was perfect, too.  The linen of  the bed was clean as well as
bubble_20	Perfect location and you wounder why it can be so cheap. The answer must be that the hotel is old and has not been renovated at all. Even some of the staff wore old uniforms with hats you only see in movies. We stayed 3 nights. The beds were ok, no flees or any kind of bugs we read about in later reviewes from this hotel. Though there was a rather bad smell when we turned on the airconditioner so we didn't use it. Once when I should wash my hands in the bathroom the water was brown, bad plumming. The guests were mostly asian. Internet available in the lobby. A small deli just next door. We spent so little time at the hotel so we would probably live there again. It must come to a limit where the hotel either must be renovated or closed down. Regarding the price for a hotel on
bubble_10	Google dirstiest hotels in america and this one wins. Hope you have fun but i think your taking a big chance. I was thinking of hotel pennisavan but it was rated # 2. I think i can afford this city.
bubble_30	I never do reviews, but I really feel the need with this horribly misrepresented hotel.  My girlfriend and I wantet to visit New York on a budget, so we stayed at Hotel Carter.  After reading reviews of horrible rooms, bedbugs, disrepair, disgusting bathrooms, and less than sanitary conditions...I was scared to book here, but I couldnt afford anything more, so I did anyway.  We arrived to find a clean room, recently renovated bathroom, nice linnens, and NO BEDBUGS!   The front desk staff were largely clueless, uncaring, or just plain jerks, but one (the manager I think) was very nice to us, and did everything he could to make our stay more comfortable.  He even held our bags after checkout so we could continue to explore the city for an additional 4 hours!  And one day after
bubble_30	Hotel Carter is not as bad as most people are making out. I admit, that the first room we checked into was not great at all. The carpet was disgusting- looked like it had never been hoovered before), and the toilet leaked, and sprayed out every time you flushed it. So I went downstairs to complain, and the guy at reception was more than happy to offer me another room. In fact, he gave me keys to a few rooms and said that I can choose which ever one I prefered. The room we moved into was a lot better than the previous one. Except, the carpet was still grubby. Also, I'm sure I got bitten a few times in the night- must have been the bed covers.  The lobby area feels a bit shady, but we literally used the hotel just to sleep and shower. TV didnt work properly either, but wasn't too
bubble_10	The front desk person was polite but did nothing about our disgusting, nasty carpet.  Our TV only played 4 channels.  It was a broken down hotel making it by disguising itself in the heart of Manhattan.  The pictures definitely doesn't represent this hotel.  This was the worst hotel I have EVER been in.  I wouldn't recommend this hotel.
bubble_30	This is a basic hotel right in the heart of everything. If you just want somewhere to crash at night after a long day sightseeing this is ideal for you. If you want a place with all the frills then stay somewhere else. I was delighted with the location and the price I paid.
bubble_20	one of the inexpensives hotel in new york. no glamor and kind of onfresh. i get bedbugs bites over my hole body.
bubble_40	We stay at the Hotel Carter every time we stay overnight in NYC--four times over an eight-year period (once for a week, the other times over weekends), and each visit was better than the last.  We have never seen the vermin or mold reported by other reviewers, nor have we ever felt unsafe in or around the hotel at any hour of the day or night.  Our most recent visit found new keycard locks on the doors, newly-painted walls, working plumbing (with one exception, see below), plastic-wrapped mattresses (no signs of bedbugs), and the room was spotless.  We did have a minor problem with the shower, but when we called downstairs our request was handled graciously, and a repairman was in the room within five minutes.  The Hotel Carter is not without its flaws, and is not as comfortable
bubble_10	We were worried about the hotel because of the terrible reviews, yet a friend went there and found that it wasn't bad.  So we took a chance, not expecting much. The location was outstanding, steps away from Times Square and the theatre district.  The bed was firm, the sheets were clean, and the front desk staff was pleasant.  The lobby was old and shabby but reasonable .  The elevator worked.  Everything else was absolutely terrible. We had to laugh when we entered our rooms.  A single bare lighbulb hung from the ceiling, with remanents of what had been a lighting fixture.  We were told we had an updated room.  I guest that meant that the bulb was a compact flourescent rather than the old fashioned bulb.  The two dressers and tv stand were broken and barely standing, the
bubble_10	This Hotel has to be the bottom of the list. No housekeeping under a 4 day stay. No room service, no extra towels, 4 working tv stations, mold all over the rest room, nasty front desk people. Drafts from the window frames and Internet that is free in the lobby which doesn't work and be careful sitting on the sofas in the lobby you can crack your back since the wood frame is the cushion. Oh and all you hear at night is the topless bar near the lobby of the hotel if your below floor 8. In short , STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
bubble_30	I enjoyed staying at the carter hotel. Not the fanciest, but it was very nice. I got the deal through the Kayak, which sent me to easyclicktravel website, and the price was good so I got it. Stayed for 23 nights. I reccomend.
bubble_30	I had not personally read the reviews but my friend had and she was very disheartened and we did not know what to expect.  On arrival we had to hold our breath as we noticed that the carpet on stairs leading to the lobby was not cleaned and the carpets in the lobby looked the same.  We checked in and were given a room on the sixth floor.  On opening the door, the room was so dusty and had a musty smell.  The TV was not working and everything looked so old even the carpets in the corridors.  We were lucky when we went back downstairs and asked to be changed as my friend is asthmatic and could not be able to stay in such conditions. The receptionist was so kind and changed us to the fourth floor where some renovations had taken place.  The carpet in the corridor had been replaced
bubble_10	I can't even began to explain the terror my friend and I went through at the Hotel Carter. The entrance of the hotel seemed like a back alley. Dark, dank, and just plain creepy. The lobby of the hotel looked like something out of a B Horror movie. And the smell! It smelled of death and disappointment. You know it is not a happy place to be in because the staff looked like a close relative of theirs died.  Taking the elevator up to the room was like taking a chance at life. You're just not sure when the elevator will stop working or if you'll ever get to your floor.   Here comes the best part. The room. You walk in and look at what appears to be carpet. Or possibly a land fill. The hotel should invest in a vacuum cleaner because it appears that they have not had one since the
bubble_20	Hotel Carter in Times Square is a great place to rent a low cost room for an hour or two. The girls in the 'Cheetah' lobby bar are always willing to party with you back in your room. The girls are all beautiful and range in age from 16 to 28, They are mostly foreign tourists and illegal aliens from Eastern Europe working for cash tips. Hotel management can not legally say that the rooms are for rent by the hour. So the flat rate room rent will actually cover you until checkout time of 10:00 AM.  The room rent is negotiable and you can expect to pay $50 to $100, which is a bargain by midtown Manhattan standards
bubble_40	I got to the Carter and expected the worst after reading the reviews. However, the hotel staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. A bell boy carried all my bags up to the room. The rooms are plain and not the cleanest, but they arnt bad. For 80 to 100 bucks a night, and being just steps away from Times Square, you cant beat it. I never felt in danger, the area is extremely nice. The a/c and heat works well. Only a couple channels on the television, but who wants to watch TV when your in NYC? I did not see any rats, or bugs.  All in all the Carter is perfect for a traveler who is on a budget. Perfect location and cheap prices is exactly what a budgeted traveler needs. I would definitely stay at the Hotel Carter again.
bubble_30	I had read reviews on here before I left and I was very worried. When we arrived at 9pm, we were warned there might be a wait as they were behind on cleaning the rooms, but only had to wait a maximum of 5 minutes before we were helped to our room on the 11th floor. The room itself was very dated, but clean. The bed was huge, very comfortable, with clean white sheets and pillow cases (no bedbugs in sight). The air-conditioning was a godsend and worked perfectly. The cable TV was old, only 4 channels worked and the only way to turn it off was by pulling the plug out the wall. The bathroom was clean, however, there were no bath or sink plugs so had to improvise with bottle lids! During our 7 night stay, only once did we have the sheets changed. They did however change the towels
bubble_30	I read the reviews, I saw the pictures and I prayed before stepping inside the building. We stayed for four nights in a triple room. We took our own bed sheets just in case. But we saw no bed bugs, rats or other creepy crawlies that have been mentioned here. Ok, so the rooms are very dated and could do with a proper clean but for the price we paid for the location its in, we didnt expect a smart 5* with 24hr room service and health spa. We just wanted a bed to come back to after our long days doing the touristy stuff and thats exactly what we got. We had no stained sheets, walls or ceilings and the staff were some of the friendliest people we encountered in New York. We stayed on the 7th floor. We had a little stop off on each floor up to the 7th to compare and to be honest some
bubble_30	I stay at the carter hotel every time I go to New York. I love the location, and have never had any problem with their very basic accomodation for their price, maybe the fairest in Manhattan. One should know that the Carter has been through some rough times in the past, but they are obviously trying hard to improve, and have done so well in recent years.  The staff is helpful to me, maybe because I don't stress out on them if presenting a request or a problem.  I never see any infestation as often told here, and understand that an international hotel like the Carter is going to occasionally have bedbugs, as do any hotel in New York, but I simply check the bed and mattress closely, and, if found, I would calmly tell them and be moved. I like the great views and being able to open
bubble_40	This was a gooc choice for budget travellers to New York. Located off Times Square it is very central. Staff were not overly helpful, but for the price, it was to be expected. Rooms were comfortable and clean. You wont find much cheaper in New York.
bubble_40	I'd read the review about the hotel before to go and I was worying... But it wasn't AT ALL what they say ! The location is incredible, the price very good, the standart nice, they make joke, the room great. I mean it's an old hotel so the door are in wood and do not close very well (bathroom door and closet door) but that's what appen in old hotel... the bathroom was clean and the tubes were new. The linnen were clean. Ok the color of the carpet is awful but... if you are used to youth hostel this is a very good location to have a private room for a good price... I think the other bad review must be very old, read only the updated one... they have probably decided to improve the hotel because of the review and it's working ! Do not hesitate... stay in this hotel !!!
bubble_10	I honestly cannot fault this place for it,s location. That said, the place was atrocious, it was very unclean and the service was non-existant, the lift,s kept sticking, when I complaned the staff suddenly decided they couldn,t speak English, (although they could when they were taking my money!!) We decided on this place for somwhere to get our head,s down for the night, but woke up feeling itchy, and dirty. Again, that said, it,s cheap and cheerful, but do not expect The Ritz or the Hilton, you WILL be disappointed, trust me! MP-UK
bubble_30	seriously..for the price and the location...in the most crowded western city in the world...what do you expect..... we are all in our twenties... and lets be honest we dont have $400 to waste on a room each night...instead we split the cost and shared the double beds and it worked out cheaper than a hostel.....it was great...yeh it wasn't the cleanest place on the planet and yeh the water got warm by the second shower and they had repainted the room so many times the bathroom door didn't really shut properly...but hey it was a cheap room 2 seconds from times square with comfortable beds, and air conditioning...if your young....or dont like to waste your money...this is the place for you..... i was a little concerned about staying here after i read all the terrible reviews...but
bubble_30	The reviews all seem to be pretty accurate, but ask yourself what you are going to NY for. This hotel is 1/2 block from Times Square as well as the Metro. We stayed in Times Square until 1:30 AM, and had a short walk back to the hotel. You are also close to great restaurants and Broadway. Get up early and you can get to Good Morning America in no time. We also walked to Central Park, that is a bit farther, but we like to walk. If you are going to NY for the hotel, stay away from this one, but if you are going to enjoy NY, you're right there.
bubble_10	I can't imagine why they would even term this place a hotel. It's just a room with an attached bathroom. There are just too many disgusting things to enumerate about this place.   1) The bathrooms were filthy.  2) The bathtub had terrible stains  3) The bath towels - ugh - don't even get me started  4) The carpets look as if they've never been vacuumed  5) They had a threadbare excuse for a blanket & filthy sheets 6) The T.V had just one channel  7) There was no remote  And this after changing rooms!   And all this for $ 100 a night - UNIMAGINABLY BAD!!!!  And 100 bucks just for the location   I have stayed in way cleaner student hostels for a quarter of the cost in Chelsea in Manhattan!  PS: I also think there were hookers waiting around inside the hotel in the evening!
bubble_30	Definitely the hotel carter isn't the cleanest and welcoming , but it is the best  located, it is near  the bus station and the  subway, you can find everything that you need near here. Also when you are in New York you don't think about going to bed  and staying in the hotel, what you want is to go out and visit many places. I  stayed in this hotel and the employees and the receptionist were very friendly . It is an excellent option to stay in New York.
bubble_10	I can only assume the they have a relative or "client" who runs the New York City Health Department.  It is almost unimaginable that one could find a single hotel bad enough to reflect so very poorly on the largest city in the US, but there you have it.  That this place is still in business (which must include something other than Hospitality) makes one distrust everything that is New York!  Suffice it to say we would not even use the shower or sit on the toilet.  God only knows what made those animal sounds in the middle of the night.
bubble_10	The Hotel I had actually booked didn't get my reservation in, so I had to find a "cheap" hotel in NY, fast! After a day of searching I found the Hotel Carter. It seemed to be all I was looking for: theatre district, cheap, internet access... The lobby actually looked really nice so I didn't really see it coming...  When I checked in the next day, I immediately knew, I would be checking out again the next day. The Concierge showed me and my suitcases up to my room. The elevator was small and weird smelling.  The hallways were really narrow and uneven and dirty looking. While walking the halls I could hear other people "do it" in the other rooms.  The room itself was empty... one big room with a big bed with white sheets, white bare walls and a small brown dresser. There was a
bubble_10	Myself, my boyfriend, my brother and sister stayed in the Hotel Carter for one night, and it was probably the worst night of my entire life.  After an 8 hour delay in Edinburgh airport followed by a 7 hour flight the first thing i wanted to do was to find our hotel and sleep. Well did we get the shock of our lives. It's location is the best thing about it, just off Times Square at 42nd street, however the good things end around there. We climbed the stairs to the reception and handed over our booking, the man at reception could not speak english which meant checking in, all that bit more difficult. We managed to get over the language barrier and then the bell boy (scary man) showed us to our hotel room. I think his whole uniform was bought out of a second hand shop, ripped
bubble_10	This hotel was disgusting. My friend and I stayed here because it was cheap and we wanted to spend money in NYC on things other than a hotel. There was no air conditioning and creepy men in the lobby. The hallway smelled awful when we went to our room. Our room was dirty and I refused to touch anything. My friend and I decided we just weren't going to use the shower because there were stains all over in it. We only stayed one night. The door to our room had a flimsy lock. The comforter was stained. The carpet was stained. The air conditioner didn't really work. The room smelled like paint  and the bathroom door wouldn't even shut because there was so much paint on it. Why would they need to paint so much - makes you wonder what they were covering up...The hotel "security" guard
bubble_10	Yes, we read some of the terrible reviews of Hotel Carter before our trip and like many others we decided it couldn't be that bad, we were only using the room for sleeping right?  The man at the front desk was friendly enough when we checked in, we got our room key right away and headed up to the fourth floor. The damp, mouldy smell in the hallway should have been our first clue, but we were optimistic. When we saw our room I was very disapointed to say the least. "No frills" just doesn't describe it, the basic ammenities were just not up to the most minimal of standards. The carpet was so dirty I couldn't take my shoes off, and the extremely thin bed spread had so many stains on it that I didn't want to sit down. The light above the bed was missing a lamp shade, which we could
bubble_10	This was the absolute worst place I've ever been in. You walk in and the front entrance wreaks of oil, the employees don't speak English,  the lobby is connected to something like a gentlemens  club, the elevators don't function properly... I could go on and on... on our level the hallways were very poorly lit, it was dark and disgusting like something you'd only be able to see in a horror film. The trash cans near there were torn apart as if someone went scavenging for food. Our hotel room was a cramped 2 bed bedroom, the decor didn't match at all, our curtains were made from sheets with soccer balls on them. The bathroom door didn't shut, there was no running water, it was FILTHY. We had one outlet plug in the whole place. There was a large dresser blocking of the use of 2
bubble_10	Trying to check in to this hotel was pretty difficult since none of the staff had ever heard a Scottish accent apparently and they were running 700 rooms on paper - no computer!  The room was disgusting with tiles smashed on the shower floor and stained sheets. Had to check in again the next night as our key stopped working.  While waiting in the reception full of impatient and disappointed patrons, a body bag was pulled out of the elevator and news teams were streaming into the lobby. One word - AVOID!
bubble_10	After watching something on TV about this being ranked dirtiest hotel 3 out of 4 years on this site, I thought I'd come here and share a little bit of my own experience. I went to Hotel Carter in August of 2006, with my brother, dad, and step-mom. Since it's been three years it's hard to remember, but an experience like that is unforgetable.  There wasn't an outlet in the small 2-bed bedroom we were staying in. There was, however, an outlet in the bathroom. To watch TV, we had to plug the cord in there. To shut the door to the bathroom, we had to unplug the TV. I've never been to a hotel where you couldn't watch TV while someone was in the bathroom. Ridiculous! We stayed on the 8th floor. It was a maze, which I imagine every floor was. We had to search for our room like a mouse
bubble_10	DO NOT COME HERE!!! It was nasty, horrible and staff was VERY VERY VERY RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would not cme back even if it was free! Horrible experience!!
bubble_10	Our stay can be summed up in one phrase.  CLOSE IT DOWN!.  The location is great but it was absolutely shocking that the city would allow a hotel like this to continue to operate.  I am surprised that the hotel generates enough revenue to continue to operate. We checked in and out within the first 2 hours.  The rooms are filthy with stains, bugs and trash.  Pitiful.
bubble_40	This is the second time I have attempted to write a review on this quality hotel. Ok so it's not quite 5* but it does a job. And it is situated in the centre of New York City so you have to expect a few rats and cockroaches. Staff were pretty helpful and the pets in the hotel just added that friendly feel to it. I am already looking into going back next year as I love New York and for the price this hotel charges I don't mind putting up with the minor problems you may encounter. If you want 5*, pay 5* you moaners!
bubble_10	Tempted by the fantastic location and bargain basement price, myself and a friend stayed here for 2 nights. We went to New York for an experience, and this "hotel" was certainly a memorable part of it. None of the reviews I've read actually do the place justice. Seeing is believing, and most people think we're exaggerating when we tell them about the place. We really aren't! We laughed every minute we spent in the place. If we hadn't we probably would have cried! The lobby smelt of stale cat pee, the staff were laughably ignorant and unhelpful, the bath was black with the enamel flaking off, the taps didn't work in the sink, water just about managed to trickle out of the shower, the previous occupant's hair was in the sink, the carpet was thick with dust, the TV didn't work,
bubble_30	If you are like me, you read all the reviews beforehand and still decided that you would stay here because of the price.  I paid only $93 for a Saturday night (registered through a discount travel site) and saved more than $50.  What you need to know if you are staying is the following:  -They will allow you to check in early (I arrived at 11:45AM and although check in is the usual 3PM, they smiled and checked me in right away - no hesitation).  - You will need to buy/bring soap for the shower (the little bars they give you are not suitable for a shower or bath so bring your own bar/body wash).  - Bring your own wash cloth (there were two towels in the bathroom, one for the floor and one real towel that had a blood stain on it!  yuk!).  - Be prepared to get up to change the
bubble_30	A few years ago, my then soon-to-be, now ex-husband (how things change) and myself went to NY for the week-end. One of these bus + hotel packages. The agency we bought our tickets from made a point of telling us: "If there's something wrong with your hotel room, don't hesitate to request another one." Excellent piece of advice, that was, and it turned that we had to follow it. Four times, precisely.  The first room's AC not only blew out hot air, it was also ridiculously noisy. And we were in July, so AC was a must.The second room itself was fine; the only problem was the presence of a dead cockroach the size of my big toe in the bathtub. Again, in room #3, the culprit was the bathroom; diarrhea-brown water oozed out of the faucets. Given that we had travelled all night and that
bubble_10	Trip advisors rated it as #1 to be the worst in US!! We had cockroaches and Bed bugs in the room.The lobby is decorated with Neon lights, and has a funky old smell.During our compaint in the front desk.We witness hookers comming in and out from the building.I would never even think of recommending this place to my worst enemy.The man in the front desk was rude and didnt even want to step inside the room.He said he doesnt want to bring the bed bugs in his own home.This place totally ruined my trip in NYC . I know better next time to always check on trip advisor.  Why has the new york health Dept havent shut this down? WIth the N1H1 (swine)flu going on,this is the worst place to go to and is not worth a penny. The store beside the hotel is extremely expensive. I washed and
bubble_10	This is an appauling hotel.  The electricity sockets are on the blink, the decor is awful, and the beds are unconfortable (I could feel every spring).  You know you are not the first to find it so bad that you want to leave by the notice on Reception saying "no refunds after you have been in your room for more than 15 minutes".  The location is good, but the hotel desparately needs some money spent on it.  The Ladies contained graffiti (see picture) "this hotel is crap".  We visited in April 09 but the graffiti, which clearly had been there in 2008, was still there!
bubble_30	If you are on a limited budget, but you LOVE New York, forget what the other horrible reviews say! You should try the Carter Hotel. It is in the center of everything...Times Square, Broadway, Port Authority Bus, Maddame Tussead's. There is a cafe/convenience store attached for any snacks, but restaurants are all around the area. There is internet access in the lobby. The staff is very helpful and friendly. There is not maid service every day, but probably every other. I actually like  NOT being bothered. My two young daughters and I stayed 6 days. Our carpet was not the cleanest, but we had a clean bathroom, clean towels, clean sheets, and a great view of Times Square!  We had no bedbug bites and did not come in contact with rodents. Our TV had basic cable, but who is in the
bubble_30	You get what you pay for.  All of you that are complaining, don't be so cheap and spend more money on a hotel with more amenities.  If you are budget conscious then this is the place to go.  If you don't pay a lot then you should not expect a lot.  It's a place to stay on little money.
bubble_10	Honestly I hated New York city because of this hotel! I remembered the movie derailed, stay away from this place!   Pennsylvania hotel same or similar rate way better
bubble_10	Foul-smelling.  Dirty.  In almost complete disrepair.   If these are some of things that you look for in a hotel, you're in luck here.  Our revolting room smelled like a homeless guy's groin, and the shower was a place you'd never be caught barefoot in.  The lobby wasn't too bad.  It had a sort of shabby 1940s/50s charm to it........but we couldn't sleep in the lobby unfortunately.  We did not see any bedbugs or cockroaches, but the various bodily excretions that dotted the walls in the room and the bathroom made up for any lack of insect life.   Some native New Yorkers we met on our first day laughed when we told them where we were staying, then told us that this is/was known as a "Welfare Hotel" where the city sometimes parks "problem individuals".  That might just explain the
bubble_10	OK seriously if your stuck your stuck, BUT if you have a credit card just priceline a bid at $100 and stay anywhere else.  It was beyond dirty, there wasnt even handsoap available in the bathroom, the bed made my skin crawl (Im not sure if it was the dirt or the bugs but it had both) The only redeaming factor was the owner kicked out another guest to give me the room cause I was stuck (come into nyc last minute and no rooms anywhere in the city)  Mind you I dont know how redeeming that is since the other guest was rendered homeless for the night.  Me and my sister were almost attacked in the hotel (we ran away and thankfully the guy was 400lbs and drunk)  There's no security and the police can tell you of many bodies they've taken out of there, the place is scary something outta
bubble_30	False reviews here to give this hotel a bad name. I am a frequent guest. It is basically a hotel with a bed and a bathroom. No first class expectations. The rates are great. In Times Square which is the place to be at a rate of $89!!! come on stop trashing the hotel. You can afford in this bad economy $400 just to sleep...go ahead.  I give the Carter hotel thumbs up for catering for those of us who cannot afford the expensive hotel rates in Times Square.
bubble_20	I went on labor day weekend with 2 of my girlfriends.  My friend resesrved the hotel because of its location, and price.  We walked into the hotel and were greeted by a doorman who looked like he was stoned.  We were in line to check in, and there were reporters from Channel 2 there asking people questions.  One of the guys asked us what we thought, but we had no idea what he was talking about.  We checked in and we were staying on the 8th floor.  We get into the elevator, that reminded me of a ride in Universal Studios.  The elevator stopped on the 6th floor, and nobody went in, or came out.  We thought nothing of it.  It was weird cuz it opened and closed about three times.  We got into our room, where the walpaper was peeling, random pillow cases were on the bed.. one that
bubble_10	Filthy, dirty hotel. Would not refund our money after we saw the room. Sticky carpets, no heat, damp bed, no maid service, very noisy, unsafe. My friend and I went for a shopping trip to NY and stayed here because of the price and location - never again. We came back to the hotel late at night and got attacked /fondled/groped by a drunk man who hopped in the elevator with us as the doors were closing. This guy was hanging out with the security guy when we arrived - obviously a friend. Stay far, far away! Don't be tempted by the location and reasonable price! Staying at a hostel would have been better.
bubble_10	Sucks big time. If you want to stay alive DO NOT go.
bubble_20	Stayed in Carter Hotel (not sure if it should be classed as a hotel) for 2 nights. The location was great you are within walking distance of a lot of the major sights & shops. The hotel was awful very run down,dirty & smelly.The greasy restaurant next door did little to help. Didnt give a lot of time in the room as I had sights to see & shopping to do so I suppose the cost of the room did somewhat compensate for the awful condition it was in & the location was great. Health & Safety could seriously do with checking up on the Carter. I am surprised it is still open.
bubble_10	Although the date of stay notes March 2009 (it would not allow you to go back  more than four years) we actually stayed there in September 1981 on a tour and the place was a dump 28 years ago too.  My wife fondly remembers the cockroaches in the bathroom which didn't help since she was pregnant with our son who is now 27 years old.  The rooms were dirty and the staff was rude.  At least we spent very little time there as we were out during the day touring NYC.  The only thing good about this place is the location and price which is probably the only thing that has allowed it to survive this long.
bubble_10	Horrible hotel, filthy room, furniture broken, smelly room and lobby, saw room and went down to desk to leave, they wouldn't give us our money back! Said we checked in...how can you check into a rat trap? The price you have listed is ridiculous, should be 29 bucks even that's not worth it! Plus there is some sort of pimpy-looking guy in the lobby at a desk (i found out this hotel is a former brothel) A nice man told us to go to the Milford Plaza Hotel we got a great deal we told them what happened to us (we were there to see the Macy's Parade and they were very gracious, and the Milford was fabulous!
bubble_20	We were a party of nine staying in four rooms 4-8 Dec 08. Reservations were made online from Denmark. No problems checking in. The staff is friendly, probably unless you act as if you expected a four star hotel. One of the assigned rooms was not made up (we arrived noon), and another assigned immediately. In one room the toilet wouldn't flush; but it was fixed the same afternoon.  All rooms were very worn down, the carpet scruffy, the walls bare and the bathtub surface repaired with paint. But the sheets and towels were clean, and there was plenty of hot water in the shower. None of us experienced bed bugs, but a mouse appeared in the bathtub in one of the rooms - no harm done. In one room the window couldn't close completely, so the room got quite cold (PJs and sock are
bubble_10	Our only requirement for a room in NYC was cleanliness, not amenities. Our first room had vomit still on the wall. The 2nd room we were given had a chair that was broken and dark brown (actual color green) from grime and filth. The bedspread was filthy. We slept in our clothes. We saw fire hazards of old wires patched with duct tape. We should have reported this place to the fire department and health department.
bubble_10	What a hoot!  No worry about feeling alone, as the mice running all over will keep you company.  This is the kind of place where at any time a pancake makeup-encrusted octogenerian with yellowed teeth, clad in a shabby silk bedcoat and moth-eaten feather boa can be expected to be seen wandering the halls muttering, "Mr Demill,  I'm ready for my close-up"   A pig pen (but I did only pay $79.00 bucks, so what could I expect?).   I have been in worse....in Mexico and Central America, but even then with out the rodent pets.
bubble_30	I stayed at the Carter over a weekend with 2 friends, when I was still a student and could not afford expensive hotel rooms. We had gone to New York without making hotel reservations and everything was fully booked when we got there, except for the Carter. The second night, I fell asleep on my side with the right side of my face pressed against the pillow. Woke up in the morning with a terrible eye infection in my right eye, most likely from the pillow which seemed dirty inside. Had to take antibiotics eye drops for a couple of weeks.
bubble_40	This review is a little over due but when I received the '10 Dirtiest Hotels' email from tripadvisor, I felt like defending this...institution. October 2008 - I paid less than $100 a night and was within a football fields length of Times Square. Where else can you do that and have your own private bathroom and a door that locks? Not too many places. I did research before booking the hotel and understood what I was getting into. I brought my own sheets, trash bags for my luggage, sandals for the shower, and some Lysol. I did lift the mattress and did check for bugs - there weren't any. I didn't leave with a rash and was able to shower a few times. Granted, my tolerance for stuff is a little higher than my girlfriend's but even she didn't hate it. Think about it this way: How many
bubble_10	I had heard about this place and believed that no place could be that bad.  Visiting the lobby, I knew that I could not stay here.  Be glad that you didnt, you can see the pain in the eyes of the guests.
bubble_30	If you want to party in NYC then this hotel is just right.  You dont have to worry about spending much time in your hotel because you won't want to.  However, if you are just looking for a place to sleep you can not beat the location and cheap price of this hotel.  I liked staying here because we were there to enjoy the city and not spend much time in the hotel.  Our room was not very cozy or clean but hey for $100 in Times Square what do you expect?
bubble_10	we stayed at the carter hotel because the price seemed reasonable  $140.00 not cheap but reasonable and the location was great i should have suspected somthing when i asked to see the room before we paid we were told that was not hotel policy it was late afternoon so we decided to go ahead and book one night  the room was totally smelly, the bed was surprisingly good but   we itched all night ( bedbugs) nothing worked, the hall way reeked of smoke couldnt wait to get out of their the next morning wouldnt recomend this hotel to anyone it should be closed down
bubble_10	I stayed at Hotel Carter for a week, and it is without doubt the worst stay in my life. I have travelled all over the world on business and pleasure, and have just not seen anything like this.  The room was so dirty that the Health Board should have closed it down years ago, the bed sheets was fairly clean, and thats about all. The windows towards the street was broken, the bath curtain was rotten.... seemed like a bad movie where only the police marks on the floor was missing.  Service was not existing at all - but the location was fantastic.  Were 4 people in 2 rooms, most of us got bed bugs.
bubble_10	I should have known that when  I got a hotel in Manhattan for 100 a night that it would be a nasty bug infested experience! The downstairs bathroom in the lobby has graffiti that says "if you want an STD stay here!" It was the worst experience of my life and I ended up checking out that night and promply calling EVERY hotel in the city to find better accomodations. I ended up at the crowne plaza for 450 and it was worth EVERY penny! Do not stay in this place if your life depends on it. I wouldnt reccomend this hotel  to my worst enemy of fear that they may die with some horrible disease.
bubble_10	I wouldn't bother staying at Hotel Carter even if you paid me. My safety and health are worth much more than any price! Having inspected hotels all over the world for American Airlines for over a 15 year period I've seen my share of what a budget room should look like. I wouldn't expect anything other than a comfortable and clean room! But, if I had to worry about bed bugs, black mold, umpteen safety and electrical codes not up to standard I would gladly stay elsewhere, even if the price was higher, and I would even consider sleeping outside with the homeless, for a cardboard box must be safer than this place.  This VirtualTourist.com review says Hotel Carter is 'free from infestation'. I would beg to differ as most of their reviews stated.  AOL just yesterday did a front page
bubble_10	A couple of friends and I stayed at this hotel briefly about three years ago.  After a night of drinking, we were looking for a place to crash for the night. Most places were $250 and above nearby. We stumbled upon the hotel carter and we thought it was a steal for $150, so we paid for a room, got a key and went up to the room.  Our first suggestion that this might have been a bad idea was when we got off the elevator on our floor. The entire hallway smelt like freshly smoked weed. The smell was actually overbearing, it smacked us in the face as soon as the elevator doors opened.  We finally get to our room. Upon entering we get hit by another stench coming from the bathroom. We were lucky enough to have the previous guests inner bowels all over the toilet bowl.  We took a look
bubble_10	based on previous reviews, i was surprised that the sheets appeared to be clean, and the mattress was fairly well intact.   But that's where it ended.  The water never ran clear in the sink and the water in the tub was frightening.   The shower did appear to have clean water.  There was a hole in the wall that connected to the outside.  Nothing whatsoever stopping "something" from entering the room through the hole.   I could put my finger in the hole, and my finger was outside.  If the carpets had ever been cleaned, it was not in my lifetime.  the overhead light did not work -- probably because most of its pieces were missing.   The electrical outlets were all missing their covers -- every one of them was exposed.   There was no night stand, but rather a stackable metal chair
bubble_10	My friends and I planned a trip to NYC the summer of 06.  As usual, hotel prices were thru the roof.  But I was "so lucky" to find Hotel Carter on hotels.com for $109 a night and the location was 2 blocks from Times Square......I thought it was a steal!  Well.....the only steal was that of my money.  This hotel was disgusting from the moment I walked into the lobby.  It smelled like dirty rug. The room we were assigned to didnt even have the beds made.  We requested another room whose appearance wasn't so bad but the room was still dirty and stuffy.  I got lucky though.....no bed bugs that i could recall.  Our a/c unit stopped working one day bc the outlet was messed up.  So i tell room service....they do nothing.....so i take it upon myself to FIND an extension cord in the
bubble_10	Dirty rooms, bug and blood smeared on the sheets.  The only positive thing is the location.
bubble_10	My husband and I needed to visit the city on a day hotel availability was scarce.  We usually stay at 2.5 -3 star hotels in Manhattan (for example, Holiday Inn and Hilton Garden Inn).  Unfortunately, all hotels ranging from $175 - $350 per night were booked that evening.  Thus, we had a choice between $130 for a one star and $350 for a 3.5 star hotel.   The HOTEL CARTER was SO DISGUSTING we left at 8 pm without checking out.  Though we're courteous people, we didn't bother to do so as we had prepaid anyway and the lobby was littered with the following:  a jumpy looking street hood making a rather obvious drug transaction and a sadly young prostitute whose infectious state was apparent from the lesions on her face.  We ended up at the Marriott (the lowest price available room
bubble_10	STAY AWAY!!!! This place is the worst hotel in the world!  It makes a crack house look like a Hilton.  There are mice roaches,Bed Bugs,and crack heads all living at this Hell Hole!  The hotel itself smells and is filthy from the disgusting bedspread to the filthy bathroom. Just stay away!!!!
bubble_10	Please, just stay away from this Hotel, its like a HORROR movie in reallife, its so bad that its just not for real  Barack Obama, please shut it down! ;)  We went for a new Hotel, The Pod, excellent, small rooms but great value for money
bubble_10	I don't know where to begin... Roaches, rats, mice, horrible smells, dirty sheets, horrifying bathrooms, outlets that hang out of walls... Just to name a few, but the worst part aout it was that at 4am I wole up to a bunch og guys breaking into our hotel room while we were sleeping!!  The room had about 4 locks on the door and all of them were broken by the men breaking in except for the chain lock.  I have never been so terrified!  Thank God when it woke us up, the guys ran away.  I will NEVER NEVER stay here agin!  In fact- I am going to do everything I can to make sure that no one I know or don't know will ever stay here!!! The bathroom was so disgusting that I could not shower or even use the toilet.   I was soo worried about the bed that I slept with ever layer of clothing
bubble_10	* Rodent infested * Telephone in room didn't work * Room not made on a daily basis * Ceiling leaked * Bathroom door didn't shut properly * Built up hair clogged shower drain * Wall socket powerpoints were ancient & plugs would fall out of them
bubble_10	i went away for my 19 birthday last weekend and booked the hotel online. arriving i was greeted by the men working there hitting on me and my best friend. then the elevator door wouldnt shut...we get upstairs and the walls are filthy the room had a cockroach in the sink and the sheets were gross. the hallway had hairballs like tumbleweeds in a desert the man at the front desk was rude and tried giving us two other rooms before us leaving then he would not fax over a paper to the website we booked on saying we had arrived so we could get our money back he tried denying we came. all in all we got our money and stayed at another clean hotel. this place was filthy!!!!!!
bubble_10	Do NOT go here. A kind warning. Im not going to go into more detail, but we had bed bugs crawling all over us within the first hour of our afternoon nap.   The bed bugs infested my luggage, and now, two weeks later, I have a bed bug infestation in my own flat back home!  An Austrian couple had been moved to their third room, and the guy had bites in his whole face. Management's answer to the problem: "Thats what you get for living so cheaply just next to times square" and "There is nothing we can do about it". We checked out the same day we checked in. The Chinese woman managing was rude and did not seem to care ONE bit about the problem, all she wanted was to make money.
bubble_10	The Absolute worst hotel in my history of hotel stays. I have stayed in many hotels, mainly Westins, Marriots, Sheratons, Hiltons, many like those. But this one takes the cake. The place advertised cheap, renovated rooms, private baths and so on. But they forget to mention they are filthy and grotesque!!! The place itself is located right next door to a gentlemens club where strippers hang around outside all day. As soon as you enter, you see neon lights and cheap old, chairs. The men at the door who greet you are the only good thing about it. The woman at the front desk was rude and inconsiderate. She first told us we couldn't go up to our rooms yet because it was about an hour before check in. So we demanded and got our key. We should have just turned back when she said it was
bubble_10	The place hasn't been renovated probably sice the 50's they just slap new paint on things now and then. Someone had PAINTED the porcellain tub with  PAINT and the paint was peeling off in curls where the water from the showerhead hit it.  we had 2 double beds. Mine was incredibly worn out and had a huge depression in it. I tossed and turned all night and woke up every hour thinking it was the lousy condition of the mattress. The bites didn't start to show up until late morning the next day. I had huge welts all over me under my arms across my chest, up my back in a line along the inside of my thigh with about 20 bites int hat line. The bites itch and burn and swell and stay with you for about 2-3 weeks. My daughter had them on her arms and back. We should have been clued in as
bubble_10	I am very frugual and I read all the bad reviews, so I have no one to blame but myself. I thought to myself that even if it's really bad it's just a roof over my head and I'll be in the city all day. It's just to sleep at night. I have to say this is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It should be shut down by the board of health. I was spared but my friend got a rash even though we brought our own sleeping bags. The bathroom made me want to vomit. And I am by no means a clean freak - far from it. But when you see the tiles blackened with mold it's pretty disgusting. On a good note: We didn't see any cockroaches:-) I will never stay there again. Not even if they offered me a free room.
bubble_10	It was the Obama and The McCann Election We arrived at the hotel, not looking for perfection.. Floor 21 room, long dark corridor, room at the end... no place to stay alone, always bring a friend..  We were tired, we had had a long flight, on checking in, our senses were not aware of our plight, five minutes in the room, we began to sense the gloom, the hotel was a hellhole, cockroaches, mice, rats, bedbugs that could eat your soul, drug barons and women of the night, it was a scary movie,full of fright, we spent some dollars to stay in the hotel full of horrors..  The hotel should be called "at your own peril" where you can meet a girl or a rat named sheryl if you want to tell a story for years to come stay in this hotel of hundrum  we stayed five nights that says a lot we
bubble_10	I stay there for 6 nights-December 08. The worst hotel i have ever been...The last night i, i get bitten from bedbugs bites! (Some of my lucky friends change hotel - of cource with not refund!). I get to a hospital the day i return to my country and stay there for 10 days...  If American government can not do something...SOMEONE SHOULD!!! PLS BURN IT !!
bubble_20	ok its NOT pretty!!  it is located at TIMES SQUARE 1/2 blk from the subway...1/2 blk from the bus station...  best location for the $$$ EVER!  ok its not pretty - of perfectly clean or or or... you can go on and on - the Four Seanons is on the corner stay there for $400.00/night the Carter is $110.00/night  if your on a budget and a NORMAL DOWN TO EARTH person - you wont have any problems. the staff truly want this to be a GOOD HOTEL!
bubble_10	I spent 4 nights in this hotel from the 13th to the 17th of December 2008. At the end of my stay in this hotel, my body started getting covered with what I first thought was mosquitos or spiders bites. I thought it would go away... However, it did not and even became worse because of an allergic reaction. I ended up at the hospital, with more than 70 swollen bites. Diagnosis: it appears that they are bedbugs bites! That means that my bed in this hotel was full of bedbugs!!!! I wrote to the hotel to ask them what they intended to do. You won't believe the answer I got: "You won't get any refund cause you stayed"... No comment!!! And now I'm the one the doctor told that it could take one month before the bites go away...  Stay away from this place!!!
bubble_10	Hotel carter location 250 west 43rd street- new york city  date 12-5-2008  rented 2 rooms  would not recomend this hotel to nobary  hotel very duty, costmers services very poor,  not even 4 free i would not stay there thanks
bubble_10	Filthy, never seen worse. Really rude staff. Dont count on anybody to come and clean your room or bring you towels - seems normal for a hotel but not here. DON`T LOOK UNDER THE BED! The smell in the lobby was absolutely sickening, some sort of frying fat that had been cooking for years... Dont know, dont want to know. NEVER EVER going back, even though it is cheap for NY, I was glad to go home...
bubble_10	this was my first time in New york and in USA.  I stayed at  The Carter...it was awful.. this hotel should be closed..  I saw a RAT!! in my room.  The bathroom was so FILTHY, there was damp everywhere on the walls.. how can this hotel be allowed to operate in its present state.. something needs to be done..
bubble_40	This is a one star hotel, it's not pretty, it has carpet on the walls and I'm sure the corridors were used as the set on a horror movie, but it's sooooo cheap! If you're going to New York for 4/5nights sight seeing and shopping you will see very little of the inside of your hotel anyway as there is so much to fit in!  I had taken spare bed linen just in case, but there was no need. The bed was comfortable and clean, the room was lovely and warm (it was snowing whilst we were there!) and I found the staff very welcoming. The doorman was particularly good humoured, and the smile seemed more genuine than most in NYC.  The very best thing abou this hotel is that it is pretty much on Times square, so BRILLIANT location.  Don't book it if you're hoping to impress someone, but if you
bubble_10	Okay so here is what I have to say- I wish Id listen to the reviews in this Hotel. The Hotel is very dirty and just awful such as the bathrooms, floor, wall, bed sheets and the carpet of course. When I got up the first morning I was feeling all itchy and sure enough my face was all swelled up from the bit. The people that work at the hotel just switched us to the new room, which my friend was bit also on the next day. This hotel should be shut down and resume their business when the place is fixed. This hotel isnt safe. God forbid these bugs have bitten people with a contagious disease before-we could get sick and yes die. So please take a look at these photos Ive attached and please listen to me dont stay at this place- spend the money somewhere a few more dollars isnt too
bubble_20	cheap hotel next to times sq .clean new bed we most have been one of the lucky ones .air con was sellotaped to the window .room was not the cleanest me and my partner have stopped in but its new york .worst thing about it was the smell from the take away in front of hotel.porters and staff freindly and help full would go back next time we go to new york and hope we get a clean bed again
bubble_10	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL! The rooms are dirty, there are beg bugs! My friend has bites all over her body and I feel terrible about it! The service wasn't the greatest and the manager, a little Chinese woman was less than accommodating! DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT STAY HERE! Spend your money somewhere else, it will be worth it!
bubble_10	I own a Bed and Breakfast. and you cannot show pictures on the web site that are from the time your buisness was restored 25 years ago???  The rooms are not even close to being that nice.  eat cheaper and spend more on a nicer hotel. you will thank me.   Its sad because this hotel could be a swing nice 40s style hotel that would be hot to go to.  Could some one buy it and restore it. I feel it is worth it.  Its in a prime location.
bubble_10	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed.  I have traveled extensively, domestically and abroad, and I have never excounter such dirty and substandard hotel, to the poitn that I was concerned for my health.  My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for a long weekend in the NY City mainly for the location and we did not expect 5-star accomodations.  But nothing could have prepared us for what we encounter at Hotel Carter.  All the disclosures about being a "budget hotel" and "you have half of an hour after check-in to change your mind" displayed by the check-in counter should have clued us on what was coming. Not to mentioned the strip club next door. The room was very small and dirty.  We did not even have a chair.  The plaster was peeling of the walls and ceilings and the
bubble_30	It really is not as bad as everyone says. I stayed there for 5 nights and didn't encounter any problems. I found the staff polite and helpful. Yes it is a bit shabby but I was exploring the city from morning till night so wasn't there most of the time. It was somewhere to sleep at night.  If I ever go back to New York I would most likely stay here due to the location and the cost.
bubble_10	This hotel was the filthiest,most unsanitary place I have seen ever.  From the smell when you walk into the room to the plastic wrapped around the mattresses.  The service... put it this way there was none.  When we asked for wash clothes the woman plainly stated we don't have any of those.They even tried to sell us  Broadway tickets for more than the box office and that of course was with discount. Several of the electrical outlets were painted over and the few that were left, half didn't work.  The comforters were filthy... fortunately we did bring our own sheets and pillow cases.  All I can say is WARNING please BEWARE of this disgusting hotel.
bubble_10	My wife & I recently returned from a long weekend visit to New York. We booked the Carter because of its great location next to Times Square, the web site looked good & the rate wasn't too bad either, that I'm afraid is the only good things that can be said about this very poor excuse for a so called hotel [an infested flee pit would be a better description].   From start to finish our stay at the Carter was a complete nightmare, the room was small, very dirty, the room was only cleaned on our 3rd day because we complained. On the 2nd day of our stay we enquired at the front desk why the room had not been cleaned, Reception explained that the room was only cleaned every 2 days but we could have a change of sheets if we required so we could change the bed ourselves! My wife had
bubble_20	Welcome To Hell.  The Hotel  its self what a place short walk to times sq that a plus side of it. The hotel thats adiff story the room was cold and damp window as about to fall out held in with old news paper the hot water not worked at all the 5 days i was there.The door staff if you could them that was rude to people whe complained about the rooms they had been give by the man behind the counter. But then its cheap so you take your pick of the room i sat by the main desk and watched and listen to the complants come rolling in people changing rooms for something slighty better HAHA.
bubble_10	We checked into a small room with only a little window, like a prison cell, that was totally overheated and the TV was almost coming off the little board and was not plugged in because the cord was too short to reach the power plug;  the bath tub was full with spots of some paint and hot water was not an option after 8.00 pm; after I discovered true bugs (bedbugs - hemipterans) and squeezed a few, and they were full of blood, I insisted next morning on changing rooms; we switched two floors down to a friendlier room,  but had the same problem with vermin, this time some other bugs as well; so we moved out of the hotel - this is inacceptable!! Worst thing, we booked over agoda.com, and agoda wants to charge us for one night more, like it is our fault that we had to move out of
bubble_30	I've just come back from New york. Stayed at the carter hotel. What can i stay i knew it was basic with being 1 half stars. It was nice and cheap for staying there for 4nts. It only cost me 269. I got in the hotel and there was door staff welcoming you in and helping with the case. I went to reception Got checkes in really quickly. Went up to my room. All with electric swipe cards on the door so nice and safe. Got in the room and there was a double bed in the room also a toilet and bath/shower. Rooms were nice and warm also.  They didnt clean the room while i was there but didnt really matter as was only there  for 4nts and also was not really staying in the room as I was there for the city. They even flagged down a taxi for me when I went back to the airport.  i would def stay
bubble_10	We want to give you a big WARNING about staying at Carter Hotel! There are bed bugs in this hotel and you dont easily see these bugs, but after one night you see the bites and they itch terribly for many days! If you get bed bugs home with you, youll have a hell of a time getting rid of them and youll need an expert. They are about 10 millimetres and brown, and there are small ones about 2 mm. We collected a few of the bugs (see the pictures) and went to the lobby to show them to the hotel manager (the lady in the middle of the lobby that doesnt seem to have a single feeling in her body) she hardly reacted at all, she just told us to wash our hands!!!!! But obviously it was no problem to her that the bed was full of them. We went to the police station at Times Square and the
bubble_20	its so funny you just have to say something. I'm from uk england and on my first trip to NY. The location is unbelievable for the money. The first room allocated should have had crime scene tape, and an outline chalk mark where the body was found! Good news is that we were transferred to another room, and whilst it wasn't great with no towels and bedlinnen ever changed, we did manage to get some sleep. The hotel does encourage you to spend time sight seeing NY, which is exactly what we did, not returning until late and getting up very early. Expect nothing and your expectations will be exceeded. Must mention that the horse and carriage guy at central park told us that the hotel was formerly a hostel for the homeless which explained a lot. You'll never forget it
bubble_30	We booked the Carter hotel after reading the review's you get what you pay for......  It was 136 per person for three people for a week.  In the hotel's favour Boardway is on your door step and Times Square can be seen from the rooms.  The room is a room nothing more nothing less.  Two beds and room enough to just walk around them both!    The shower worked and there was hot water at both end's of the day.......    We spent minimal time in the room, getting changed and sleeping..... what else do you do after spending all day out in the fresh air of NYC.
bubble_30	Yo!  I travelled to NYC a week or so ago for the Joe Calzaghe fight with my crazy friends lol!, and stayed at the Hotel Carter. I had no trouble at all, the doormen were cool to me, only spoke to reception twice, stayed in my room maybe 3 hrs a night! If you are partying in NYC, you do not spend time in your hotel room, end of!! . I had some where to hang my clothes, a hot shower and a King size bed, not much of a view but who cares, you are in the best city on the planet, live it, love it!! its cheap, basic maybe a bit shabby but it's fine!   God Bless NYC!!!  Try The Hotel Carter for comedy value Old Skool New York!  I will be staying there next year for sure!!!  Much Love  Andrew Mellin  Pontarddulais, Swansea, Wales, UK
bubble_10	I would Not stay here again. I thought how bad could it be? It was a good location and the price was right. How much time do you really spend in the hotel? It was Dirty - Really dirty. I don't think they even change the sheets. The light fixture wires were just hanging from the ceiling - that can't be safe. Alot of the bathroom tiles were missing and I don't think it had been cleaned between guests. The TV would not turn on. The front desk was RUDE, Rude, Rude!! It seemed so dirty we didn't even sleep between the sheets and used our sweatshirts instead of the pillows, which didn't have pillowcases.  I wasn't expecting a 5 star, but I think it would have been cleaner to sleep on the street.
bubble_10	his place is complete trash. The room was dingy, we only had hot water on one of the three mornings, the tv was ancient and didn't work. However the bed was clean and I had a pleasent sleep. The bell boys/security guards are scruffy and a little creepy. As for location, it cannot be faulted. Only 50 yards from times square.
bubble_10	DON'T stay here - it is so disgusting. Carpet in a really bad state, hairs all over the bathroom, blood on the wall, a nipple clamp under the bedside table, no bedside light. Noisy - kept up all night.    Only good things were warm shower - in a dirty bath - and the location which was very central. Huge beds for a single room too. Had internet and Wifi which was useful.
bubble_10	We stayed on the 4th floor and were very relieved  to be there and not the 17th  as the place is a fire hazard and my husband had a getaway organised out the window if  such a catclysmic event occurred. there are water  sprinklers but with everything else very mickey mouse have doubts these would work.  The bed was good  and I am fussy, if it wasnt I was off around the corner to the Best western and so was the shower, the room wasnt  cleaned once in 3 days and rubbish sat outside the lift for all the time we were there.  The room was quite big with a disgusting outlook, a wall, ok I accept that in NY  but  several stubbed out cigarette stubs outside the window and a whole lot of coke cans and rubbish on the roof I dont, there were dirty cotton buds behind the toilet.  The smoke
bubble_10	First of all the website we booked with is Lastminutetravel.com.  If you check out their website the pics they have of the Carter Hotel show a nice clean room, small but with actual furniture and a lamp and headboards on the beds.  We went to NYC for my girlfriends 40th birthday.  We wanted a clean place to get dressed and crash for a few hours before driving home the next day.  We booked this hotel in September on-line.  I cannot believe that the City of New York actually lets this hotel operate.  It would have been cleaner to stay on a bench in the subway station or on the floor of a public bathroom.  I cannot imagine that this hotel is getting away with renting rooms.  There must be some codes that the city enforces.  I have filed several complaints with the building
bubble_10	New York City is the most exciting city in the world to me. I was a Flight  Attendant for 16 years and never have I stayed in such a dump!  Hotel Carter, for 4 nights! Location is great! Time Square, love the theater. $141.00 a night was the cheapest and that is a heck of alot of money for what we got. 1st off the Doormen day and night shift were kind , funny and helpful to us. The front desk people were a little strange, no smile, only spoke  to us when needed to, we check in late 12 midnight, we had to wait for our room that was being cleaned. Room 1127, same as all other reviews I have read after my trip. The towels thin and old, only sheets and a comforter on the beds, very small room, dirty carpet, the bath tub had drippings of paint (we think). My sister used comet to
bubble_10	Seven of us stayed in this hotel From October 24-27, 2008, The staff were rude and not helpful.  the rooms were dirty, small and service is almost zero. I have 30 bites from bugs from Room 919 and we had rats in our room as well that ate our pizza during the night.   Disgusting!!  You can get online in your room only if you pay . In the dirty lobby there are several computers that you can get online but it will cost you five bucks to use 30 minutes.  I made the reservation two weeks before we arrived and I made phone call the day before we arrived to make sure they have room for us, but it turned out that they didn't give us the twin rooms at all because they told us they have overbooked. We ended up having two single rooms and one twin room which they call it a tripple room.
bubble_10	Upon taking the advice of an acquaintance (big big mistake), we decided to stay at the Carter hotel while in New York, we were attending the Ashrae show. The one and only thing that is going for the Carter hotel is the location, yes it is next to Times square and that is great.   However that being said, everything else and I mean everything else goes downhill to hell after that. The first thing that attacks the senses is the disgusting smell when you enter the lobby, it turns out they have a small falafel shop attached to the entrance and day in day out you have this stench that permeates your clothing and body, you'll have to spend money at the cleaners to get the stench out.  Then we have the staff, best way to put it, they simply don't care!!! , they do NOT care. They also
bubble_20	I wanted to stay in NYC for cheap, but we all know now that is/might not be possible.  I came accross this hotel in the website lastminutetravel.com and booked it with out reading any reviews. After having reserved for Oct 18-21st. I decided to look at pictures of the hotel  and reviews from other tripadivsor members. I was stunned by the reviews they had given this hotel. I was expecting the worst. I was afraid that I was going to find roaches, rats, bedbugs, women of the night on the hallways, etc roaming the hallways and room. I was really expecting the worst of the worst of the worst. But that was not the case. I mean I would not take my wife on a honeymoon here no matter how poor we might be, but this might be a place you would stay with with friends for a bachelor party in
bubble_10	I was not asking for much.  All I wanted was a clean bed and room.... i don't even need a television. The Carter hotels first impression was appealing due to the fact that it is in one of the best locations and it was cheap. From the minute I rung up to get directions I received no service. I got the response from an Asian Lady "Just get here!". Once I got there by cab i checked in and to my shock there was blood on both my beds in the room. The room had not been cleaned and there was still soap left behind from the previous guest. I went to complain to the service desk and the response was that they clean every alternate day and the cleaner is not here. I was burning up! I was listening to one of the guest next to me complain about a similar issue.  They turned around and also
bubble_10	In real estate the mantra is Location Location Location! This hotel has that going for it since it is on Times Square, but everything went downhill from there. My wife & I booked this for the Columbus Day Week-end. The hallways smelled bad, the room was missing the bathroom door, carpets were so bad in the room that I was afraid to walk barefoot, no glasses or cups of any kind for our use, 1 set of towels in the room, (we picked up another on our way back in later), soap that was so old that it crumbled on opening the wrapper, no other cosmetic amenities. 1 overhead light for the entire room, which was inadequate for reading, none in the entranceway & a total lack of cleaning service. After coming back late on Sunday we found our room exactly as we left it that morning. No
bubble_30	Okay....I just found out about this being the countries dirtiest hotel after I stayed there...since my friend works for hotels and came across this list!   Anyways.....It wasn't too bad....for 106 a night.....which was the rate I got on www.lastminutetravel.com..... it was totally worth it!  Yes everything everyone is saying is true...wierd Asian people in lobby.....connected to Cheetahs ......funny doorman 24/7 ....No maid service....bring your own towel...soap and shampoos... the carpets were nasty... ...no outlets.....SMELLY market downstairs....ewww! I was awaken each morning from a vaccuum cleaner in hallway...I thought it was a maid...but I guess they only change trash that piles up in hallways...near elevators... which they call "cable cars" ....  The bathrooms weren't
bubble_10	This is simple the most disgusting hotel I have ever seen or stayed in.  There were no blanket on the bed, just sheets and a bed spread.  There were only 2 towels and one hand towel in the room no wash cloth.  The carpet was torn on the floor, full of stains and at least 25 years old.  There was graffiti on the walls in the room and in the hallways.  There were no lights in parts of the hall way, and any one can walk off the street and in to the hotel, there was no one to checking people coming in. Certainly no security and certainly not very safe.  And when I left I checked under the bed for any belongings, I strongly recommend that you do not do this. (It was full of garbage)  If your on a budget stay in Jersey City and use the Subway.  This Hotel Looks like something from
bubble_40	We stayed here Sept 27th-29th.  I actually booked a "Standard Room with Double Bed" for only $100/night (on a website called Agoda).  Major score, until I read all the reviews and freaked out.  I was traveling with my boyfriend, and this was our first trip together, so I wanted to make sure he did not unconsciously associate me with bedbugs somehow.  It turned out to be just fine.  Location and cost really does redeem the hotel from any negatives!  I called the day before to make sure they had our reservation, and when we got to the hotel, we had no trouble checking in.  There are doormen standing at the small entrance 24/7, and they're fun, probably because they're used to seeing some sketchy characters come from Cheetah's, the strip joint next door.  Calm down though, down the
bubble_50	Myself and 3 friends stayed here for 4 nights for st patricks wknd. After reading all the reviews beforehand we were pretty scared but could not find anywhere else as central, or as cheap. We brought our own sheets with us as a precaution but didnt even have to use them.  Upon entering the hotel, the hotel lobby was not too  bad! At check in we asked if we could get a 'nice room' to which the receptionist laughed, but he did say to check the room out and if we didnt like it we could change no problem.  The room was fine. Yes it was old, yes the sheets were very worn, yes the bathroom door did not close, the air con did not work, but it was okay for soemwhere to rest our weary heads after a crazy night in the middle of the winter when we didnt need air con anyway.  Location was
bubble_20	Well, what can I say about the Carter Hotel?   It is pretty shabby and to say that it's not terribly well maintained would be a colosal understatement, but it is really a cheap alternative right in Times Square.  To be honest, after reading all these reviews, I was expecting much worse.  The room we got (729) was old and plain, but it had a comfortable large bed, a/c and tv that, worked, and a clean shower and sink.  There was no chair to sit on in the room and half the nightstand knobs were missing, but the room size wasn't too bad for NYC.  The hall outside our room had falling plaster from the ceiling that wasn't cleaned up all week.  Fortunately, we didn't see any bugs as others have had.  It's really a shame - with a little investment and care, this place could be a real
bubble_10	I went to Hotel Carter on a study-trip, and it was absolutely horrible. In our first room, there was a stank, there were hairs in the bed which was also broken, the tv and the bed lights did not work, and the door to the bathroom couldn't even be closed. After complaining we got a new room, which was dirty on the floor, but better, we thought... But no, when we went back after being out all day, we discovered that we had had a visit from rats. They had been in our bags and suitcases, they had eaten our food, peed and [--] in our luggage. My friends who were the ones cleaning after the rats also got flea-bits all over their bodies including their faces. The employees of the hotel thought this was normal, and claimed that we also had that in Denmark. They even laughed of us. But
bubble_10	We said we would give it a try. bad decision. No modern amenities. TV reception was terrible. Cable cord was broken, we put in a repair order was not fixed while we were there. The hotel staff were rude and unprofessional. We booked our shuttle through them and were overcharged as we were for tickets to see Xanadu. No daily maid service. Will never stay there again
bubble_20	I was all ready to give this place a glowing report & to criticize all the criticisms below.  I'd stayed here before so knew what to expect. Yes its old and shabby,  yes it smells of burgers, yes the rooms are a bit dingy.... But guys its pretty much ON Times Square and at more than $100 less than anywhere else within a 3 mile radius what do you expect?!?.  The rooms are small but so are the rooms in most NYC hotels unless you are shelling out megabucks.  You dont go to NYC to sit in your room and I thought it was fine and functional.  This all changed though on the flight home this morning though as enormous red bite after enormous red bite flared up on my arms and back. HUGE bed bug bites (room 1800 FYI).   So its a thumbs down from me I'm afraid as no cheap price is worth
bubble_10	The only good thing about the hotel is that it is right in Time Square. T he rooms are filthy and old and there is no  maid service. So no matter how long is your stay, your towels will not be changed and your bed will not be made.  You will be lucky if at the reception they remember to explain you how to get warm water for your shower (a stupid combination of turning on the tap in the sink, and the shower at the same time). The price is ridiculously high, if you think what you get...  Terrible place.
bubble_10	WARNING!!! When we came to the hotel and showed the voucher, they told us that our reservation had been cancelled. It was clear to us that they wanted more money from us. Nobody could show us the cancellation. We arrived after closing time in Europe, and could not talk to the UK office until the next morning. The UK office told us that there were no cancellation... The hotel was dirty. The people who work there are unfriendly. Don't expect  any service when staying at Hotel Carter!
bubble_30	I had read the reviews before going there, and I was prepared to hate this hotel. But this was the hotel I could afford. Also I really did not want to spend my holiday in my hotel room. I only needed a place to sleep. The check-in went smoothly. When I went to my room, I realised, that the balcony door wouldn't shut. I asked for an other room, which I got, no problem at all.  The room was clean, the sheet was spotless. Ok the towel was a bit strange, but I had my own anyway. No insects, or bed bugs. The room was not cleaned during my stay (5 nights), but it did not bother me.  My conclusion about this hotel: it is really ok if you are only looking for a privat room with bathroom. But you shoudn't care for daily cleaning, room service, fancy decoration as you won't get any of
bubble_50	I've spent from Sept-26th -Sept 29th in this historic hotel which is infact located right in the heart of Time Square on W 43 street!  The beds were Clean, the bathroom was small but clean, there was hardly space for two beds but we've (my cousin and I) manged through!  It's a great bargain for being in Time Square and there were no bed bugs.  There was no kitchen.  I came to  this hotel paranoid because of the reviews but I've got my own experience to tell.  The night life around it was wonderful, what else you'd expect from times square?  Madison Square Garden is a few blocks down, so is radio city music hall, and everything is walking distance.  Everyone walks!  I'll show some pics on my site soon so check it out: http://josephchaparro.blogspot.com/  Great for the price!  But
bubble_10	I know it's weird that I didn't even stay here and I'm writing a review.  BUT I did book the room and cancelled within 15 minutes!!    I only wanted to stay one night in NYC.. a place just to sleep, this was a bargain hotel.  I saw some photos... I only saw dirt and bad decor...I could deal with it.....so I booked the room.    Then I continued looking at photos and reading reviews on TripAdvisor and saw all the BUGS... and worse... BED BUGS!!!  How can someone stay here with BED BUGS?!  If you get infected, it travels all over your clothes, your belongings.  You spread the bugs all over and you bring them home with you.  What a nightmare!!  WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?!  OK, so after I decided to cancel, I called Hotel Carter.  The lady who answered didn't speak English.  So I was
bubble_10	Really a bad experience. The hotel is more like a cheap supermarket than a hotel. Better to stay in a youth hostel (which are pretty good in New York).
bubble_10	this hotel is located close to time square and it is one of the cheapest deals you can get in this area. but its is unfortunately really dirty, especially the bathrooms. mine didnt have any tiles and the rest of the bathroom was so dirty, that I didnt wanne use it at all. in the room there was still garbage on the floor. this hotel must have been really nice in the 50s, but now it was so horrible, that me and the other people of my firm changed hotel after two nights......
bubble_30	The location is great...just 3-4 mins walk to Times square. The floors are not clean but I aksed to clean and one guy has cleaned to a better position. Beds are good. I stayed for 3 days and this is the only time the room was cleaned and bed sheets are not changed in these days. If you are in budget and want to stay in central NY with $120/night, this will be the only one option for you. But if you want luxary, you won;t get here. This place is only to sleep in the night and who wants to be in hotel in NY?  This is not that bad what ever told in above reviews. I stayed in room# 427 and there were no mice or something. Bathrooms are also clean.
bubble_30	As far as the staff, we really couldn't complain. Very friendly and always willing to help with any questions you have. The location is perfect. It's literally half a block from Time Square and very close to the the subway as well. Of course, being in New York, the rooms are VERY small. We thought is was amusing considering how large the closet was. :) Not spotless, but clean. My only complaint: They have a concierge desk. I walked down one night to ask a question. The lady behind the desk was cussing at her assistant. It was just a little crass I thought. Also, they normally clean the rooms every 2 days. Ours never got cleaned in the 4 days we were there. I suggest every two days you call. We had to get our own towels. Other than that, for the money you can't beat it.
bubble_20	The Web site claims "renovated rooms".  While you do get a private bath with each room, we had to see 3 rooms before we found one we could stand, and we do NOT have unreasonable standards.  Most of what we saw dates from the original building time, probably the 1920-30's.  The bathrooms had been redone probably 40 years ago with some limestone tile in the room we chose, original white tile in the ones we didn't, not in great condition in any.  Each room has a window air conditioner, and they all looked rather old, but worked.  Our room had double window with both sides having broken panes on top!  One window was even duct-taped shut!!     The bed was nice, though, even though the sheets were too small to even tuck in under the mattress!  The windows were so dirty that we could
bubble_30	I know it might not be the Plaza, but c'mon, its right in the heart of NYC. People who has complained previously should keep it to themselves. Everyone knows getting cheap deals might be a little bit of a dissapointment. The hotel is not a palace, but either a dump. It has comfortable beds and it is not bad. We stayed there with my sister and I have to say our experience there was not terrible (I've had worse). It suited our needs.
bubble_20	Stayed here last month for a night.  Cost $120.00.  Now lets have some sense people we are talking about NYC here...they have Pack's of Cigarettes for $10.00.   So really for 120.00, own bathroom & 1 blk from Times Square  you get what you pay for.   I read the trip Advisor before I left & out of precaution I brought my own Towels, pillows & sheets, Lysol.    No problem with the hotel staff really,  the hotel had a musty smell to it & the hallways did look like something out of a horror movie. The room was decent size.  Definately dingy, but thats what the lysol was for. My bathroom was clean.  i didnt see any bugs or mice.   All i can say is if you have ever been to NYC before & spent the 450.00 for one nite @ a 3 or 4 star hotel  yes this will be a culture shock.  I have done
bubble_10	In a word - BEDBUGS.  Dirt, grime, stench, broken appliances, and damaged furniture is one thing.  But getting completely monstered by blood sucking bugs that leave you with a severe and painfully itchy rash over your body that lasts for days sucks.  This place was bad, even compared to the hustlers at the 'time square hostel' down the road (48th st) who charge the same price (around $100) but for a bunk bed in a dorm room.
bubble_10	This hotel is the worse hotel I ever saw.  I have been travelling even in a third world country but this Carter hotel is really one of its kind.  The carpet was so dirty and dusty, the toilet door is not closing, the towels were stained and doesn't smells good, the tub is very dirty, overall,  the smell of the room is terrible.  It's a smell that tells you that the room hasn't been cleaned for a while and i got a lot of bites and itchs.    The time we arrived in the hotel we were assigned our room and as soon we entered our room, we complained because it was so dirty and the whole room smells like a the smell of the toilet so they gave us another room.   ALSO, staffs are not accommodating and never listened to your complaints.  It seems that they are all brain-dead.  All you can
bubble_30	Hotel Carter...What Can I Say?? Apart from the bathroom door not closing, a fire on our floor, and the creepy doorman....hotel carter is a catch. ITS NYC PPL, WHO STAYS IN THEIR ROOMS ANYWAYS (ESP. IF YOU'RE RIGHT IN TIMES SQUARE). The checkin guys are cute aswell. I did not stay in the hotel, just in and out. A place to stash our stuff is all we needed, esp. in NYC. Def going back again. Perfect location, amazing time!!!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_10	I was in new york and needed somewhere cheap to stay  last minute and the hotel carter  was all i could find. I think I paid about 120 dollars a night (think i lasted about two) for the room which wasn't  exactly cheap. I strongly recommend to try and find something better. Even if you don't stay  long in the hotel room  just to sleep,it's just not clean enough. i've stayed in a lot of places all over the world but this was definately the worst. It's a very depressing place. It is in a good location but definatley not worth it. How much money must they be making though with all those rooms?
bubble_10	The pictures they show are nothing to what you actualy get once you get to this hotel, the walls on our floor were peeling wall paper, holes and dirt galor. our room had a bad smell and was filthy (i don't think they ever clean the carpets) and of course the best part is THEY HAVE BED BUGS!!!!! we were there less then 15minutes when one decided to show itself on the wall....we killed it and checked didn't see anymore....until we went to go sleep and they were over our heads that's when we took our bags and left!
bubble_30	Okay so this was not the Ritz, I wish people would stop complaining already. My room was a bit run down and the bathtub could have used a cleaning, but who takes baths anymore? I am a seasoned traveler and I have been to far worse rooms in Thailand.  The price for the room was fair and I hardly spent any time in there.  So quit your [----] compaining people I would go back to the Carter in a heart beat.
bubble_10	Disgusting, terrible, very bad. My family and I went to this hotel I sincerely would not let my dog live in such condition. The room stink, the walls are filthy, the carpet is very dirty, words cannot describe how bad this place is
bubble_10	One of the most disgusting hotels I've ever seen. The bathroom door didn't close. The toilet had a shoe print on it (meaning it was not cleaned). The bathroom window was wide open without a window screen (and we were on the top floors). Definitely sketchy hotel with the lowest possible standards. Not only that, we were suppose to get TWO beds and they gave us ONE king sized (a take it or leave it attitude). I was so grossed out that I couldn't stay the night out in the hotel. The only plus was the central location.
bubble_20	My sister and parents stayed at the hotel just last week.  They took lysol wipes just in case and cleaned the bathroom themselves.   The room looked okay upon their arrival and they were having a great trip, however, on the last day, my sister developed a rash and is now home, off work for a week with a severe allergic reaction to what her doctor says are bed bug bites!!   My parents were left unscathed.  She is pretty miserable.  Thankfully, they washed their clothes/ luggage before taking it in the house and vacuumed their car right away.  Hopefully none of the critters followed them home!  Please do your research before booking any hotel, I know my family and I will from now on!!
bubble_10	I stayed in the Carter a year ago, August 07 for one week.  When i stayed in the Carter hotel at first l i didnt think it was that bad..not quite as bad as others have suggested. Yes, it was in bad shape..ie marks on the wall, ripped carpet and you wouldnt want to look under the bed for dirt ect. But as a 22 year old student on a limited budget i thought it was fine..it was right next to Times Square and it had its own bathroom which was clean but tiles ect were falling off the wall. However it was a bit creepy to say the least..the corridors were like something out of a horror movie with blinking lights. Worse was yet to come.  At one point we were coming back after shopping and saw an ambulance and a number of police officers rush out of the building. Being naieve i suppose i
bubble_10	Besides its location, this hotel offers nothing good.  When we checked in and went to our room, our room was filthy and there were toiletries and bags all over.  We told the front desk and got a new room.  This "improved" room was disgusting--a broken tv and air conditioner, barely room to place a suitcase and peeling "wallpaper" that was carpeting glued to the walls.  The bathroom door didn't shut and the shower curtain was disgusting.  The shower faucet had one attached knob-- so to adjust the hot or cold water, you had to physically remove the knob and place it on the jutting out gear for the opposite.  Simply disgusting.  Had I known all of this, I would have paid the extra money to stay anywhere else.  This hotel clearly violates health codes and I wonder how it has stayed
bubble_10	One word... Disgusting! I can't describe the smell of this place. It's incredible. My girlfriends and I stayed there 3 days and we tried our best to never stay more than 2 hours in the room. We barely slept and when we did, we slept we were extremely dressed - I had baggy sweats and a hoodie over my head!!. We took showers with our flip flops on and the air conditioning was noisy and smelled soooo bad. Yes it is definitely right in the middle of Times Square but really just too nasty. The service is inexistent and it is really really NOT clean!! You can't just walk in the hotel lobby to check it out you have to show the key to the security guard... and of course No visitors allowed either so you can't be accompanied even during the day - wonder why? Really not chill at all!
bubble_50	stayed here for the last 5 years. yeah it's a bit dirty, and the staff don't give a [--], and there's no room service, but who cares? it's a 30 second walk from times square. and is 30 a night. why visit new york and worry about how good or bad the hotel is? it's somewhere to sleep and nothing more. go out and see the city instead of moaning about how bad this place is. i think it's funny. and will be back soon.
bubble_20	Me and my girlfriend booked this hotel in April 2008 thru the Internet. We where going to New York to have a great time and we found Carter Hotel to be reasonable cheep and very central. According to the pictures on Carter Hotels website we found it to look nice. We do not demand much more than a nit and cheep hotel. When arriving to the hotel we found the reception to be reasonable but not good. The check in when nice but the staff was short in words and did not welcome us to the hotel. We got a room on fifth floor. Already when we stepped out from the elevator we found the corridor to be in a bad shape. Opening the door to our room made us laugh. The carpent was very old and we could see that it was very worn and the dirt was stuck deep into it. The wall painting was falling
bubble_10	This hotel should not be operating, look at all the pictures on this website, and we all know that pictures are only a fraction of the reality.  We immediately checked out of this place and we are really down to earth people.  We appreciate good deals but would not allow ourselves to sleep or even stay here.  The only good thing was that they had internet in the lobby so we could book another hotel.  We itched till we bled and the smell there was disgusting.  Even their own workers said they dont go in the rooms.  NASTY, FILTHY, STINK, SOILED MILDEW CARPETS AND BATHROOMS, WIRES HANGING OUT FROM THE WALLS, RUSTY PIPES IN THE BATHROOM, CONDEMABLE!!!!
bubble_20	The location was really good: it was near both Central Park and Downtown, and the metros and busses were easy to use. BUT from the first night we had little visitors.. The mice came the second day, and the Heteroptera (bed bugs) even before. In the sheets we found little bloodspots, and after a week one of our group had an allergic reaction (or something from the bugs) in her hands, neck, legs, and arms. After a week, they are still sore. They look like little bites, but no way the bugs gould'we done all that, so we guess, it's some kind of reaction. We stayed for 10 days, and they didn't change the sheets or empty the garbage the whole time, not even when we asked.. The staff was nice, and willing to change the room the minute we had complains, they weren't even suprised of the
bubble_40	This hotel has an amazing location, literally 2-3 minutes from Times Square on foot and is far cheaper than most other hotels on Manhattan, let alone those situated so centrally.   The place is clearly somewhat run-down and when we visited apparently hadn't been redecorated for 20 or so years. However, we found our room quite acceptable: the room was fairly small, but not overly cramped, the sheets were clean (though they were not changed during the course of our stay), the ensuit shower and toilet was in a decent state of cleandliness and worked fine and the view from the window was pretty good though not breathtaking by any means.   I would recommend the Carter to travellers who like myself are not overly fussy as long as the basics are covered, and those who are on a budget
bubble_10	This hotel was absolutely horrendous. If I'd have had the money, I would have left in the middle of night for next door. Our room was ridden with TICKS and they crawled everywhere. I decided it was easier to keep watch and sit with the most covering clothing i had on the bed keeping watch and watching TV than dare to sleep there. It was absolutely horrendous. Every room was liek that and it's right next to a strip club. Under NO circumstances should you stay here... I'm not just someone who is mad at the hotel; it's legitimately a place not even fit for the worst of people. Should you stay here, be prepared for ticks to spring from the walls and crawl over you while you sleep. Where long clothes and check your bed when you wake up for blood spots from where they bit you.
bubble_30	ok so this hotel has a FEW things going for it.  it has an AMAZING location which is right in times square and like 1 block off main street.  there are different cafes around and restaurants not too far away.  and most importantly...it was Cheap.  well, cheap compared to anything else in NYC.   the bad...the hotel is quite old and hasn't been updated or remodeled, well...probably ever.  it looks like something straight out of the 70's.  we booked online (not hotel's website) and paid for the room about 2 months before we actually checked in but when we went to check in, our rooms were gone.  apparently because we didn't arrive before 8pm, they gave our rooms away.  we complained repeatedly, spoke to the manager, etc and were pretty much ignored.  manager did not speak much
bubble_30	What can I say about Hotel Carter? If you're looking for a great located hotel close to Times Sqare that won't break your budget then this is definately for you! Times Square is literally five minutes walk away, so if you can tolerate this rather basic hotel then you're in for a great time! The hotel is cheap and cheerful. Some might say tacky and admittedly the facilities aren't great, but it's clean, staff are friendly, the elevators work and that's all that matters. If you're in New York, you don't spend a lot of time in your room anyway, do you?!! There's also no restaurant for breakfast but there's a great deli two minutes walk away which I'd recommend. Also, stay away from the greasy spoon next door- if you want a pizza there's a fab pizzeria two blocks away instead!  Give
bubble_20	7 of us stayed for 5 nights in 3 rooms on the 12th floor.Sheets were clean but not changed while we were there.Bathroom and shower in 1230 were hot and clean.Only 2 small towels were supplied.Walls need painting and new carpets would be nice, but at least the tv and air-conditioning worked. You get what you pay for, and it was the cheapest we could find when we were booking. We did'nt see any bugs or roaches,or rats or mice. If you want a cheap place to sleep in New York, right next to Times Square and Broadway, then the Carter is ok, but only just.
bubble_10	this hotel is the worst hotel i ever stayed in . this hotel looks like the kind of establishment that rent the rooms fot hours , it was dirty  our room was never cleand up there were cocoroches in the bathroom wich by the way its door does not close and the door had no knob. going to this hotel was the biggest mistake ever.dont let any one fool you into going to this hotel i think it would be better to add 60 to 70 dollas more to your hotel budget ans stay in some place else at least youll be sure that yur stuff wont get stolen. the carter hotel should be close down.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! carter hotel is a hell hole
bubble_20	my sister and i go to new york every year,the first year we booked with an agent and what a mess we were in,the place was horrible,we changed places and the only place we could get into right away was the carter,it's old but they are slowly re furbishing it,we had clean sheets and our bathroom was clean.we have stayed there 5 times now and i can say we never seen a cock roach or rodent.if you are out all day it's fine
bubble_10	This hotel is an absolute dive! the staff (except the manager) were all very rude, in particular the older asian woman at reception. The only reason we stayed here was it was cheap and we could get loads of people into the room --- stayed here after working at a summer camp.  The water from the tap started off brown before turning clear, the bathroom door wouldnt close, the tv didnt work........ On one night, one of my friends from camp woke up to find a stranger standing over him stealing his wallet!!!! then the next morning we went on to the balcony to have police officers shouting at us from the roof telling us to display our room key card. Police frequented the hotel quite a lot. I thought at the time this hotel was acceptable for us budget travellers, and id often find
bubble_10	It was a mistake to trust AAA's recommendation. I would rate this place worst than "Terrible" if I could. This hotel should be demolished and the owner put in jail for ripping off people. The worst of the worst.
bubble_10	When searching for a Manhattan hotel for my May trip I came across the Carter offering an affordable rate, good location, en-suite etc so promptly booked it. This was without doubt the dirtiest scruffiest hotel I have EVER stayed in. The carpet was so dirty in the corners you could not make out the 60's pattern, filthy windows, curtains and dust so thick in the bathroom you were not sure what colour the paint was! The curtains were fixed closed to avoid seeing a window covered in grime 6 feet from a facing wall. Economy is one thing, having to inspect the bed every night (no maids in 5 days) is another. 2 security men on the door, nice chaps, Osama Bin Laden could have walked in, they would have nodded as he passed.
bubble_30	I'm sure this hotel will come around with time but note that it's only been appx. 20-25 years ago when this was a drug infested welfare hotel.  A scary site. NOt sure when it revamped. I'm glad to see that they're at least trying to get up to par. What this hotel offers is the moderate rate in the heart of Times Square and centralized Manhattan. As any seasoned traveler will know - you get what you pay for. After paying $450 per night at the Hyatt over 6 years ago. $100 per night leaves enough in your pocket to actually enjoy the city.... stay out of the room if you can't bear it and irregardless of where you stay, cover your feet, bring a can of Lysol and your own sheets. You would be surprised at the things that do or don't happen in hotels.
bubble_10	Anyone considering this hotel should think very carefully.  The walls are filthy, the bath unusable and there are holes in the window frames.  Maid service practically non-exsistent.  I would not recommend this hotel, there is nothing to recommend.  Stay there at your peril!!
bubble_10	My sister and I wanted to stay in NYC for a good price and judging solely by the Hotel Carter website, this looked like the place for us!  Boy, were we wrong...  We got there and while we were checking in, five different people came up to the front desk to either asked for a refund as they were not staying there after viewing the room, clean sheets and towels as they had neither in their room upon checking in, or asking for housekeeping to clean their room again.  That should have been our first clue.  After checking in, we went up to our room and found a ball of someone else's hair stuck in a hole in the wall, someone else's dirty towels on the floor, change on the unmade bed, bugs crawling everywhere... this was all after we waited for it to be cleaned for over an hour and
bubble_20	If this is what is called a "Hotel on a budget", the now I know what it means. I'm glad I did not bring my wife with me, it was so depressing the first night. Old paint colour, dirty rug and so-so bathroom. No night tables with a lamp, so if you like to read at night, the only one is the one on the ceiling. No hot water on the second night and, behold, no maid service to make the bed. I only stayed two nights and I'm not sure if I would've been able to stay longer. My room was on  the 7th floor and was booked through an agency. Maybe that's the reason for the shabby room. For the price I was not expecting luxury, but maybe a bit cleaner would have made it more tolerable.  Only book there if you want the convenience of being right in Times Square, otherwise look elsewhere.
bubble_40	Before booking this hotel I checked the reviews on TripAdvisor. However at the bargain price of $100 for 2 people each night we decided it was worth the risk.  Before going we bought bed sheets and towels in case the reviews concerning dirty sheets etc were right. We arrived late afternoon with what can only be described as trepidation.  We had already decided that if the room was as bad as the reviews said that we would ask to be moved to a different room as this seems to have worked for other people.  We checked in very very quickly indeed and went up to our room. Now I agree with what people have said about it needing updating. Yes it is dates, and yes it needs to be re-decorated. However they have started doing this already and I can guarantee that when it is finished the
bubble_20	My sister and I and some of her friends wanted a weekend in New York as their annual trip. We took the advise from one of the girls in the group as to where to stay for less money and we were sooooo wrong. When we got thier the people were rude short with my sister who made the reservations. We got to our rooms and they were on seperate floors, it looked like the building had not been cleaned or updated since it was built and I found a map in our room that said the hotel dixie so you know that they don't go through the rooms very well. our room was cleaner then the other girls room but we had a revolting bathroom and the coax cable for the tv was broken the tv was unplugged and all the outlets looked like a fire hazard from the turn of the century. The other girls room had a
bubble_30	This hotel offers a great location at Times Square, within walking distance of all Manhattan sites. The price is fantastic, we spent all our money on shopping and sight-seeing instead! We spent 6 nights at the hotel.  The hotel is very simple, not very clean but fully functional. Nice doormen, easy check-in and out. Perfect for people that has been travelling a lot, specially in low-budget. Not suitable for whining or sensitive travellers though.  I would most certainly book this hotel again.
bubble_30	The hotel is old and outdated, but what do you expect for $100ish a night IN TIMES SQUARE?!?! the hotel couldn't be more convenient! our room was small, but clean. its not like we spent a lot of time in our room anyways. it was a place to lay our heads. i would definately recommend this hotel to people who are going to the city to explore and don't really care if they have luxury. the doorman and front desk people were very friendly and we had ZERO problems. (with the exception that we had to get our keys reset a couple times) i was a bit skeptical staying here after the reviews i read but DON'T BE SCARED, its not near the nightmare everyone makes it out to be!!
bubble_10	This is a review on behalf of my aunt, who just returned from a horrible, horrible stay at the Carter with a group of others in New York for a convention.  (This is not hearsay as my aunt is looking over my shoulder as I type this up for her, making little corrections to ensure accuracy.  We are taking the time to do this as a service to other travelers.)  My aunt regretfully had never heard of Tripadvisor before, otherwise she and her group would have steered cleared of this hotel.    Here are the "highlights" of my aunt's stay:  - Despite having *pre-paid* in full for a block rooms, this hotel -- when my aunt's group arrived -- claimed it had no knowledge of their reservations and that there were no rooms available!  It took *hours* of arguing, pleading, asking to see a
bubble_10	The worst hotel we have EVER been to! The whole place was dirty - the Maid only comes every 2 days (and when she does she obviously doesnt do a great job - I dont think they even know what a hoover is!) Looks like it was decorated by a balldoser - cracks in the walls, flakey paint....bla bla bla Then the ancient TV which had no more than 3 channels had a remote control....with no batteries. We got ill at this place & Im sure it was the dirty, skanky room NEVER EVER GO THERE IF YOU DONT WANT TO DIE OF SOME DIRTY ILLNESS!!
bubble_10	the worse hotel i ever stayed in would not go back if you paid me to,the first room phone didn;t work mold on carpet stains on sheets broken window wires hanging from ceiling tv didn;t work furniture broken falling apart,ceiling paint falling down but cheap only 100.00 per night and great location thought could tough it out for two nights that night took a shower tried to turn off the water din;t stop running was filling up the tub couldn't call for help phone broken ran out of my room down three floors soaking wet and asked for help front desk clerk who was 18 came back up with me to help water was near the door he stripped his clothes off!!!(I am  woman alone)jumped in the tub to turn off water could not got my stuff and gave me another room then asked me out!!!the second room
bubble_10	People - do not even think to go there - better rent a cardboard box on a Time Square. Woke up because there was a bug in my ear... Should I say more? NFW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Health is more important then budget!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_10	This is the absolutely the worst experience ever.the worst hotel ever most disgusting place there is this place should be made into a moseleum.  there were drug dealers and drug addicts everywhere   i felt like i was in prison and i actually paid for it too......  bugs bugs bugs felt like i was in a roach motel BUGS BUGS BUGS FELT LIKE I WAS IN A ROACH MOTEL  HAD TO SLEEP IN MY SLEEPING BAG
bubble_20	I stayed at the Hotel Carter for 5 nights in April and it wasn't that bad!  It was the 5th visit to the Carter for my friend so I had been warned what it was like in that there are often leaks in the bathroom, bathroom doors don't close properly and flaking plaster etc.  Having just read recent reviews I have to say our room was nothing like that and my friend has never experienced filthy rooms or bugs or there is no way she would have gone back.  We had a room on the 17th floor and heard no noise at all from other guests. The bedding was spotlessly clean.  There were holes in the plaster and a small leak in the bathroom but it didn't ruin our stay.   Yes, the hotel needs a complete overhaul but if you want a budget priced hotel in the ideal location for a trip to New York then
bubble_10	You really get what you pay for here.  The worst hotel (if you can call it that) experience ever.  The beds actually had Bugs!  Very disgusting.  The room and bathroom were very dirty and they didn't even have curtains/blinds on the windows.  I definately do not suggest staying here even for the price!
bubble_10	If sold as a cheap backpackers hostel it would be just about acceptable - but as a hotel, no way. As previous people have said, very dirty but amazing location. If you simply want a bed and a private bathroom with running water it is OK as its location is great just off Times Square. BUT If you want/expect any more then you will be very disappointed. The worst bit wasnt the room, the front desk staff or the rubbish in the hallway but possibly the rudest female ( I refuse to say Lady as she is not) that guards the loby with her huge handbag ready to be rude to you at a moments notice. Good luck all who meet her!
bubble_20	Our expectations were very low after all these smashing reviews, so Carter was actually a pleasant surprise. The lobby was manned 24/7 so we didn't feel unsafe to enter or exit the hotel. The young staff was friendly and the room had been cleaned before our stay. We stayed for a week and the room wasn't cleaned during that, so we had to empty the trash can ourselves every time. The bathroom had seen better days, but the water was warm and there were no encounters with rodents or other lifeforms.  However, there were few things to complain about: - at night it became quite cold in the room - on few mornings they started a loud renovating job downstairs just after 8 AM, which is too early for a hotel - sound isolation is terrible, so expect a few good scares as the people in your
bubble_10	My boyfriend and I just came back from New York. I am still traumatised by my experience in the Hotel Carter. We were supposed to stay in another hotel but had a call from our agency  and learned the day before that there was no room available for us. We started searching for another hotel and had no choice but to stay in Hotel Carter, otherwise we would have to pay 300$/night. What a mistake! We arrived at the Hotel and the staff was ok. The first room we got had dirty, brown-spotted sheets. We asked for another one but the ceiling in the bathroom was coverded with mildew. This hotel was so disgusting. The third room we had appeared to me more habitable because the carpet seemed new (but really ugly), there was a desk where we could put our stuff ( no way I would have but my
bubble_10	We arrived at the hotel carter having a 'confirmed' booking through an internet booking site.  On turning up the receptionist advised us he did not have a reservation for us as we had not shown up by 8pm therefore had given our room away.  The hotel were extremely rude and advised I must call the agency I booked through or we could pay $247 for one night in a suite room as this was all that was available.  I was adamant I would not pay this as I had already paid for a room on my credit card, and advised I would cancel my credit card booking.  The receptionist apparently was the manager, and when I explained how unhappy with the service I was being given he threatened to have security remove me!  I had not used any form of profanity nor threatened them in anyway but was merely
bubble_10	DO NOT STAY AT HOTEL CARTER.  This should not even be classified as a hotel.  My girlfriend and I checked in and checked out 15 minutes later.  The pungent/intollerant smell and infestation of rodents and roaches scared us away.  This was truly a horrifying experience and I feel terrible for those who show up in NYC from far away, single and nowhere to go and have no one to call.  Hotel Carter should be SHUT DOWN.
bubble_10	Just back from this hellhole of an excuse of a hotel. Where do i start. No hot water, no heating. The filthiest hotel i have ever stayed in. It was like a doss house. My room was so cold i had to wear most of my clothes to bed.  Room keys didnt work. Bathroom hadnt been cleaned before i arrived.  Lots of people complaining about various other disasters at reception- no lights etc. Felt sorry for the staff.  Just dont even waste your time thinking about staying here.
bubble_20	I'd read the reviews on this site prior to booking so was kind of expecting what I got.  I got a last minute cheap flight to NYC for the bank hols and was travelling alone so thought I'd look at budget end of market to save money for shopping!  Only other centrally placed hotels with availability were 3 x price and hostels were pretty full so plumped for the Carter.  This is a very budget hotel, stress on the "very".  Check in was so-so, staff not very helpful or friendly but not too problematic.  I had a double room with own bathroom but both the room and bathroom were very dirty.  There were 2 very used and wet towels left in the bath when I got there (and remained there through my stay) and the sink was filthy.  Carpet looked like it had never had a hoover near it.  Single
bubble_10	With the price, I wasn't expecting much. However, I got less than that. Our room had significant water damage, a filthy shower with very little hot water (as in none) and a window that was jammed open. Additionally, the room was lit by a single bulb hanging from the ceiling... with no shade. AND the toilet refused to flush. Classy.  Suck up the fact that you'd have to share a bathroom and look at the Americana Inn, instead.
bubble_10	I stayed at the hotel with my mother figuring it was in the middle of times square what could possibly go wrong. When you get the staff and customer service is horrible. The room was dirty as if it hadn't been cleaned in months. In the corner of the room was CHUNKS of dust. Oh yeah and WHILE i was there someone got MURDERED!!!! And the worst part is it was a few doors down from my room. The only clean the room EVERY 2 days. The bathroom mirror was broken as was the tile in it. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE. if you have a death wish stay there
bubble_10	This was the most disgusting place I have ever slept in.  The room was filthy.   The whole hotel stank.  The staff were unhelpful.  There was nowhere to hang clothes.  The window was cracked and broken and a pair of mens socks were jammed between the sash.  If you touched the walls the dirt came off on your finger.   This place should be closed down.  I didn't photograph if, just being there was bad enough.
bubble_10	It's been nearly eight months since I stayed in the Carter Hotel, and my experience there most people wouldn't believe.   - 3 hour wait for check in - ignorant and antagonistic staff - labour day weekend murder - dirty rooms  I had been working in San Diego for the Summer on a J1 visa, and finished the Summer with a few days in New York. The parents of the friend I was travelling with offered to pay for our hotel in New York as we both had little money and some of my family had helped us out at the start of our journey with hotels and hostels.   When we arrived at the hotel I allowed him to deal with the receptionist as he had the bookin details. We were both tired from a lengthy day of travelling and were looking forward to getting washed up. We were made to wait for three
bubble_30	I had to stay at the Carter when my booked accomodation turned out to be overbooked. I had to pay $123 rather than the $99 I could have paid online, and was required to pay in cash. However, the room was clean, and sufficiently spacious. My room was directly over the front sign, but I wasn't bothered by noise, except for some morning trash carts.The T.V. worked, but was not a great picture...............but who goes to N.Y.C. to watch T.V.? The shower was fabulously strong and hot. There was somewhere to hang clothes, but no shelves or drawers. I stayed for 6 nights, and the room was cleaned and bed linen changed on the fifth night. I was cold, and requested a blanket, and was given a lovely, clean, new one. The bathroom light was not working, but was replaced as soon as I
bubble_10	My parents came from France to see NY and without reading any reviews I booked 2 rooms for the 4 of us at Hotel Carter. This was the worst stay in a hotel I had ever. And we travel a lot all over the country, and internationally. The hotel was a dump. Our next door neighboord looked like a homeless guy covered in pee. They gave us 2 rooms that were already occupied. They never cleaned the rooms. My parents had some cookies in their room and some rats or mice ate it during the first night. The bathroom were covered with black stain. It was horrible! What a way for my parents to discover NY. The staff was rude and non helping. It was a big mistake. Even for the price it is not worth it. I will never go back there.
bubble_40	Hotel Carter was perfect for our stay. We booked 5 rooms and each room was clean when we got there. The staff was friendly. It does look a little ghetto but its not dangerous at all...its in the middle of Times Square so of course its safe! The sheets were never changed during our 4 night stay but I don't change my own sheets every 4 days either. No bed bugs, no rats. For the price of things in Manhattan this by far the best deal. If you want to waste your money at a hotel instead of exploring this amazing city then you should probably stay somewhere else but if you want a cheap place to lay your head and enjoy your spending your money elsewhere this is the place for you. You can email if you have any questions...fatality740@hotmail.com.
bubble_30	Before i booked for this hotel, i checked the internet. That's why i was not surprised by the things i saw in this hotel. I was in the hotel from april 1st-april 8th, i' m just back in Amsterdam.  I did not have a bad experiance at al in the hotel, the room was al right, evereything worked except the tv.  The room was clean as well as the bed, the carpet was obviously old, but who cares, wear slippers.  Ok, it's not the walldorf astoria, but wat can you expect for such a price, at a great location like this, a stonethrow from Timesquare? Me and my girlfreind went to NYC with the folowing attitude; we're not going to NYC for the hotel, but for the City and al that it has to offer.  We got out of bed early in the morning and we got back in the hotel late night, we only slept there
bubble_10	This "hotel" is the worst experience I have ever had. We made a reservation in advance and when we got to the hotel the reservation was not found. We were charged for the price of a suite, but we got some singe bed room. We were three guests.... The room was not cleaned, it had used sheets... When our key didin't work it took an hour to get someone upstairs to open the door. This person could not open the door either, except after knocking at the door.... I don't know what was the deal with that, because the key suddenly worked perfectly after the "knock".
bubble_10	Absolutely the worst place I have ever stayed in my life. My girlfriend bought me tickets to see a yankees game and it was my first time ever in NYC so I wanted to stay the night and do some shopping along with the game. We looked at the Hotel Carter website and the room looked nice. I didn't bother reading reviews because I just didn't feel the need. I wish I would have. The only nice thing about the place was the doorman who was polite and nice everytime. We entered our room....1704. And the bed was made and looked clean. The sheet had a greasy looking stain on it when inspected at close range. The bathroom sink was constantly dripping which was annoying I got in the shower right when we got there so we could go out and do some site seeing and shopping and noticed some long
bubble_20	I stayed by myself in a King Room on the 18th floor, on kind of a corner overlooking Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.   OK, so it's old. It ain't fancy. It's rough around the edges. There's no hairdryer, no coffee, no clock radio, in fact my end table was a lawn chair. The one dresser in the room was small and old. The TV was old but I never even turned it on.  However, there were also NO bugs and NO mold in my room.  The sheets were clean.   There was no blanket on my bed when I went in, so I went back downstairs and asked for one and got a brand new one fresh out of the plastic. The mattress was firm, so must have been relatively new. The fixtures had been re-done in the tub/shower (but the old ones just capped). The bathroom had been re-tiled, floor and shower walls with "marble".
bubble_10	this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in, the rooms are as old as the hills and i felt totally unsafe in them as the doors are a disgrace. the reception staff are ignorent and when i asked if i could put my valuables in a safe the man at reception took them off of me and flung them on a pile on the ground. i could not believe this and immediately asked for them back deciding i'd be better off holding onto them myself. This is the hotel from hell and that is no exageration it doesnt look anything like the internet pictures advertised of it, stay away!
bubble_10	We walked in the lobby and like one of the other reviews, overheard the person behind the desk asking a woman if the room she was in now was ok with her.  Went to our room and nearly had an anxiety attack.  The hall ways were like being in a really bad 70's movie.  In the room the rugs were torn away from the walls, the place obviously had not been vacuumed in sometime, the sheets had burn holes in them, there were the remains of a bumper sticker on the wall, the phone cord was cut, the bathroom was dirty, but the single light bulb hanging open from the ceiling and the four locks on the door really made up my mind that we were out of there.  Luckily they have a policy if you stay less than 30 minutes you get a refund...should have been the give away.  The clerk was nice and when
bubble_40	I stayed here for 4 nights ... the price was a bargain $100 per night for 2 of us ...the location is ideal, 1 minute walk from Time Square ...its not as bad as people say, I would stay there again defo !! If you talk nicely to the hotel staff they will give you a nice room, its that simple !! It took us 3 attempts to get the right room for us just proving that being nice pays its dividends ...dont forget your slap bang in the middle of New York Time Square and you havnt gone to New York to stay in the hotel all day so what more can you ask for !!! Enjoy your stay, we did ....
bubble_10	their service is the worst I have ever experienced!.  On the phone at least, their front desk don't understand/answer your questions but instead keep saying "bye".  I asked this front desk person's name for future reference, he somehow got scared and stopped answering my calls.  I called back many times.  Later on while cancelling my reservation, the other person from front desk finally answered my call but does not know anything about cancellation policy or how to cancel, and like the last person, he interrupted me by a "bye" and hang up the phone.   very irresponsible, no wonder there's only ONE Carter Hotel, and I wonder how long can this ONE survive based on such service.
bubble_40	Although we eventually found a suitable twin room after 3 attemps, this hotel is excellent value for money!  The room was clean, the shower worked and there was constant hot water.  The hotel is just one step away from Time Square and a great place to crash in NYC.  The staff were friendly and although the hotel needs updating  we had a great stay!
bubble_20	When we were waiting in line to check in at the front desk we overheard the lady in front of us asking to change rooms because hers did not have a window in her room and that she needed an air conditioner. Then she said, "Well, there is a window, there is just no glass in it." Based on her description, we were scared to see our room and while we did have glass in our windows we were really disappointed with the rooms.        The rooms are old, dirty, stained and are in desparate need of a major renovation. I could tell that they do not clean the rooms well when I saw that someone had stuck the price tags from their shopping on the wall by the bed and no one had removed them. While I might expect this quality from a $35 a night hostel, you are wasting your money if you stay here.
bubble_10	a friend of mine booked this hotel for  our girlie holiday to new york- a word of warning this is the worst hotel i've ever seen!!! the wallpaper was peeling off the walls, it smelled damp, looked dirty, there was a hole in the bathroom ceiling and had carpet on the walls in the hall- yuck!!! we stayed half an hour the time it took us to find a relatively cheap hotel elsewhere. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone. only plus point the staff were friendly- but they obvisiously didn't care about the state of the place...
bubble_30	I have been there twice - in 1997 (one week in this hotel) and again in 2002 (not in 2004) I think, this hotel offers best location, close to Broadway, 42nd street, Times Square and all for a reasonable price. I dont know more for stay in New York! Yes, rooms are looking old, but sometimes I like this kind of old glory, for me it makes a pretty interesting atmosphere.
bubble_10	The hotel looks beautiful from the outside, and is located in the heart of Times Square.... The lobby is decorated, and looks wonderful... But all of this is some kind of trick, sort of like the one in Hansel and Grethel, where the witch used the candy house to lure the children in, and then eat them... The room itself is a dump... The television has about 5 channels that you can actually watch, others are not visible. The food in the lobby is overprized to say the least... a sandwich would cost about $5... This hotel is only for underage teens, so they can pile up by the dozen in one room, while paying only for four, buy drinks, get drunk and sleep on top of each other... The showers are hideous, and tiny... they look like they were built in the 1950's.... The rooms are often
bubble_10	what a [-] hole, we arrived, the idiots at reception couldnt find our resevation then tried to charge us again, we were given a room on the 17th floor, the room had moldy walls and a carpet for a headboard on the bed, the place stank damp and had bugs walking around, i opened the door to the cloak room and it stank even worse, the ceiling had distemper mould, the shower taps fell of as i tried the shower,  we went back to reception and asked to be moved, we tried 4 more rooms ,each one stank and had different levels of filth, we went back to reception and got a room on the 5th floor, this one smelt ok but was still moldy and the carpets were thead bear around the edges of the bed, i lifted up the matress to have a look and found the matress was thread bear to,  also in this room
bubble_20	The staf were ok but unfrindly. The room bed sheets were very dirty I had to go out and buy new so I can sleep on it. The location was great.
bubble_10	Hi everyone! I went to NYC for a weekend with m girlscout troop. Naturally we wanted to be in a convient location near times square. But since we only had enough money to afford a cheap hotel( You don't gain alto from selling cookies) we settled for Hotel Carter. Our troop leader did not check this websirte before the trip, she just looked on the Hotel website. The hotel website is completely different from the actual hotel. If you notice, it rarely speaks about its "excellent staff" or "family friendly activities" or even its "luxiourious rooms" becauase the truth is the it has none of those. The staff is never available , there is a club in the lobby, and the rooms are positively revolting!   ...............After arriving from a quick jaunt from Grand Central Station, we
bubble_10	I was in town for a wedding and needed the most inexpensive place to stay since NYC is so expensive.  It still wasn't cheap but you do get what you pay for.  Terribly rude and unfriendly staff.  Refused to give us more than one key card to room. smelled awful.  Bugs, in October! Brushed teeth in sink, spit fell on floor. Couldn't walk barfoot.  Very small. sketchy. Worried to use outlets because looked very unsafe.  Light switch was a hole in the wall you had to stick your finger in!  The lights would go on and off without touching them.  Towels were the size of face clothes and we couldn't get more.  They painted ove the mold on the wall.  Don't stay here.  The location is great but it's not worth your health and sanity!  I can't even describe how awful it was.  Laur
bubble_20	I have to admit I stayed at the Carter a couple of times...The only reason is because when I usally go up to NYC it is around a holiday or something where the other hotels are over $300.00. I bring my own blanket, and if the room is really bad I ask if I could have another one...They usually give me a better room...believe or not they do have some that are okay...Dirty but a little update....I love the Deli downstairs....The first thing I do is say good morning to them....it drives them nuts because they have to say good morning back....not to many New Yorkers say good morning...Try it when you go to the City...They will say Good Morning back .... but it seem with almost a effort...Back to the Carter ...I save enough money to go to the lounges, take in a play,  good to some good
bubble_10	I was in NYC for the Holidays and missed my greyhound bus to PA . I was stranded in NYC with nowhere to stay .   I shopped around the alternatives for a few hours until i was so tired i opted for the Carter Hotel .   Well let me tell you the place is actually quite scary , the rooms were dirty and damp . My duvet cover had a black mould on it and the windows are far from sound proofed . I personally didnt feel safe here . Not for the single traveller   All in all i will not return
bubble_10	Me and my partner stayed here for 11 days. The 1 out of 5 is only given to the cheap rates. On the bonus side, as we dreaded going back to the hotel, we saw a great deal of New York! We knew that it was cheap and expected it to be a little rough around the edges but we were happy to use the $ we saved on accommodation elsewhere on the holiday. The hotel is dirty - no getting round it. We were there 11 days and it wasn't cleaned once, even after requests. After three days we tried to move hotels because we had developed a skin complaint that very nearly ruined the holiday. We were given a new room and reduced rate (not much) when we realised we couldn't get another hotel. We reported the hotel to the health department when we returned. If you are willing to take the risk and want
bubble_20	I just got back from three nights at Hotel Carter just today. Apparently, I got lucky....the room was relatively clean though I would have liked some showers shoes. Never saw a bug and also never saw a maid. Luck plays a big part in this place. Yes, the hallways were dark and weird and I had a gnawing feeling that I could go around any corner and see a junkie nodding off but I didn't. I jammed the door at night with a random chair that was in the room to be sure. Had I brought along ANYTHING of value like my laptop I would have never been able to relax while out and about. As it was I just had clothes and bathroom stuff so I left stuff in the room without worry and had no problems. The staff as a whole weren't dying to help anyone but one guy was alright. Location was
bubble_10	I have been 3 times to this hotel and "thanks" to last 2 times, I'd rather sleep in JFK airport.  First time was during September 2007. I was together with my best friend, we were both for the 1st time in NYC so we had no idea what  to expect.  Our room was on floor 12 I guess. Well the room was quite clean. The only thing we didn't like was that the TV wasn't working and the bathroom door didn't close. But we were too thrilled about NYC, that we didn't care much.  Well it was funny that the place was full of asians, but we didn't care.  During my second and third time things turned. I booked Carter, cause I had been there before, the place is good, and the price was good.  I checked on Jan 1st, around 8 AM. They gave me a room what was on 4th floor. The window was so that it
bubble_10	My friend and I have been meaning to write this review since we returned. And its only when I received an email from trip advisor with the worst hotels and seeing this hotel was on the top of the list for the US that i decided something needed to be said to warn people from staying here.  We had read some reviews before we booked and didnt take the complaints at all seriously. As 21 year olds we thought we could handle it and it would be a funny experience. We were so wrong!!!  We arrived at about 5pm and after them struggling to find our reservation we were finally given a room key. The lobby smelt and looked awful but was nothing compared to the state of the room. The hall ways were dingy and filthy as was our room. My friends bed sheets were completly stained and mine had
bubble_10	When I saw the heading of Dirtiest Hotels in America, immediately the Carter Hotel came to mind, and I laughed when it was the first on the list. We booked a bus tour through a montreal tour company, for a weekend trip to NY city. The hotel's location was great, a few steps away from times square. But that is all the hotel has to offer. When we got there, we checked in, and as we were walking up to our room, we saw fellow travellers opening our door...we got a new room We brought our own sheets, and I showered with my flip flops on, as well, as never taking them off in the room. There wasn't any shampoo, and the soap we were left, was that of the previous guest--used. Sitting in the lobby, I felt like I was on a bad acid trip. Honestly for the price, I'm not sure you can't find
bubble_10	Last Easter my 2 girlfriends and I went to NYC for 5 days.  My 5th time, their first, and they did NOT want to spend money on hotels. It was 2 against one, so I accepted to book this dump, that it was SO obvious it was a dump becouse you could see it in the picture the travel agent showed  us, and also (duh!) becouse of the price.  I am mexican, the 3 of us are. I've seen dirty, poorly run and unprofesional , rude service. I've stayed in rooms were theres not TV or even hot water...I back packed truh Europe for 8 months with my husband (22 years ago)... I traveled with Up With People 27 years ago, a studennt singing group that stays with families from the comunity they visited (our group traveled truh Mexico and the Mid West of USA. (80 cities total)  Been In Venezuela, Cuba,
bubble_30	My friends and I stayed here for Pride, 2004. It was a great trashy little hotel, full of funky style and details. Sure its a little run down. But what do you expect for $139 a night in the heart of Manhattan? I've stayed there before and I'll stay again. Y'all gotta suck it up sometimes. I've stayed in worse places abroad and never complained. Bring a pair of sandals for the shower and have yourself a good time. Remember, its just your hotel, not your destination! Get out into the city! You don't go to NYC to hang out in your room!
bubble_10	An old friend that was coming into town booked a stay at the Hotel Carter last year, and the deal was that he was only in town for a day, so he'd book a double room and we'd hang out together in midtown and stay in the hotel. I live here, so it was sort of supposed to be like a "local vacation" for me, without leaving the city.  Little did I know that when he said he would book a hotel in Times Square, he would fall for the Hotel Carter scam. As evidenced by the Worst Hotels list here at TA, it is, in short, the worst. We traveled the one hour back to my house and stayed there after about 15 minutes in this place. Beyond old and rundown, this place was (is) filthy and shabby. Our particular room had patched walls, plastic in the hallway catching a leak, ancient filthy
bubble_20	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 8 nights. We were in New York to see the sights and for shopping.It is true that the hotel is a throwback to the Al Capone years but it has a great location and it was clean ,very shabby but the staff were friendly. It was also v. cheap for that part of town.We were only in the hotel to sleep and it did the job well enough.PS some of the room fittings would not be out of place on the antiques roadshow. Paddy from Ireland
bubble_10	Quite frankly it was the worst place I have ever experienced. The rooms were filthy and looked like they had never been cleaned, there were used tissues under the beds, and the walls were crumbling and mouldy. There were also carpets stapled to the walls and the whole place had the feel of something out of a horror movie. The curtains had holes in them and there were inexplicable noises coming from the heating/pipes. The carpets were filthy and clearly hadn't been hoovered for some time and there were layers of dust about an inch thick on the radiator. The sheets were stained and had hairs on them, the bedspreads were also stained and threadbare. The plastic wrapping had been left on the mattresses from when they were purchased. The heating didn't even come on (and it is the
bubble_10	Before booking your stay at the Carter, please reconsider! This establishment is nothing shy of a dump...let me tell you why. When you enter the lobby things don't look too scary, however, when you enter the old elevator and step off onto your floor you're in for a real treat. The hallway we stayed at was covered in plastic to catch the falling water that was coming down from above, there were several rooms open with construction going on and others that had remodeling equipment oozing out into the hallways. This should have been our first indication to turn and run, however we moved on to our room. The fact that there were numerous deadbolts on the door made me a little nervous as to what exactly we'd be keeping out at night? The headboards to the two double beds was carpet,
bubble_10	I am amazed that this hotel is still around and they are still allowed to fleece people.  I also complained to the Mayors office and this was 3 years ago!  Since then and probably before, they must have millions of complaints - so why is it still standing? We were there as part of  Kenyan delegation from the hospitality industry in Kenya and we just could not believe what we saw and experienced - and all this in a super power country, developed, intelligent people, etc etc.  We are from Third World and I can assure everyone that there is no hotel in Kenya, no matter how cheap, that would operate this way.  We literally could not bring ourselves to stay there and moved.  I had to really shout at the rude orientals to get the deposit back on my room key but eventually she threw
bubble_10	Do NOT book directly on their website.  We booked a room for New Year's Eve 2006-2007 at $139/ night.  Obviously, we knew from the price that the quality would be very low, but we didn't mind - we just wanted a bed near the festivities.  Once we got there, they demanded a cash payment of $259.  They claimed their credit card machines were "broken" and that the website - "an independent company" - had "messed up" - and we should "take our complaints to the website company."  Even confronted with a printout confirmation, they refused to honor the rate.  I witnessed at least 10 other groups experience the same problem within a 20 minute time period.  We were 8 hours from home in a city packed for the holidays, so we had to give in and pay the cash.  I filed a BBB complaint and they
bubble_10	I was a random walk in off the street just looking for any available room for $225 or less in Time Square during a business trip. It was worth the experience to re examine my life and appreciate the things I have. Once I got to my room I assumed this was identical to a very low cost hostel in Thailand. I have never been to Thailand, but you can too experience it for less than $100.
bubble_10	I stayed at this disease during gay pride week. when we arrived the lobby was full of asian people at first I thought I was in the Orient but anyway me and my partner checked in. We took our key and went he our first room, the window was broken, so we went down to the lobby and we spoke with the famouse rude asian women, she gave us another room which was not any better, so where do I start....the room was dirty and smelly, my partner asked the maid in the hall to clean our room and she did after I gave her $20.00 we asked her to come and clean our room daily she said she would but we never seen her again (maybe she was the dead body that was found in one of their rooms) As we walked down the hall we saw a guy in the hall and he seemed to work for this dump but boy let me tell
bubble_10	Horrible, horrible place the smell of it made me want to hurl my lunch faster than an anorexic super model. There was also a variety of red stains throughout the room making me think Freddy Krueger had had a party in there. The only way this hotel could be cleaned is if it was incinerated and rebuilt. These people even had the gall to offer me another room (which was equally as revolting). Any money spent on this hotel would have been better spent on getting a tetanus shot.
bubble_10	It may have been 3 years and 3 months since we stayed in 'THE WORST HOTEL IN THE WORLD!!!!'but the experience has been embeded in our brain,we still wake in the middle of the night  sweating!!!!!A stay in the CARTER HOTEL is not an experience you are likely or ABLE to forget!Our room was like a science experiment.We believe the 9th floor is the point of origin for every bacteria known to man.The staff were ignorant and unhelpful,the bed sheets were dirty,the a/c unit at the foot of the bed measured 9 on the richter scale, there was mould on the bedroom walls,grime on the bathroom floor,sharp broken tiles,leaking pipes,taps that didnt shut off and the original 'prototype' tv that did not have a single channel you could watch.when we requested a hairdryer and iron we had to fill
bubble_10	Look at the pictures. The rooms looked terrible upon arrival, and had not been cleaned for a long, long time. Some of the room doors had marks after break in and the whole place felt very, very unsafe. It is not all about location and price. Stay away !!
bubble_20	The location of this hotel is amazing, but that's about the only good thing. It's right in the middle of Times Square and everything you want is nearby.  The staff are rude and not very helpful. The internet is very expensive.  The rooms are old and the only thing that looked clean was the sheets.  The bathroom was falling apart, and the door was very rickety so I didn't tend to leave valuables in the room. It's also overpriced for what you get. I also read in the paper that a dead body was found in one of the rooms...but not sure if that's true. Anyway, I wouldn't bother staying here, you could probably get somewhere a lot better for just a little bit more money.
bubble_10	I have been meaning to review this hotel for some time.  Travelled with two girls to New York for a conference. Luckily we had a heavily discounted student rate at the Marriott in Times Square during that time. But as we landed early we used the nearby Carter Hotel.  -Staff are rude  -Even though we pre-booked, we had to wait 2 hours for our room.  - Interior looks like its from a 70s murder mystery film.  - There is only 2 functioning lifts which are near impossible to use during its peak use. and they wont allow you to use their stairs.  - on arrival to our room, it was messy, un-made, bathroom was worse, the door didnt close or lock, and u wouldn't like to use he bath there.  it was, only one night stay, but a very uncomfortable one. the girls and I felt very insecure there,
bubble_10	The location is great, period.   The hotel itself remembered a bad horror movie. The first room I stayed (for 30 minutes) had such a terrible plumbing problem that the roof was falling in pieces all over the bed.  The second room I got was so dirty and smelly that I had to buy sheets to sleep in. There were spit marks on the wall, the AC had 1 inch of dirt on the filter and when we turned the shower on, it was impossible to keep the water in the bathroom. I felt sick every minute I spent on this hotel. I could never imagine to find such a trash place, not even in my worst nightmares....   Just does not worth.... DONT GO!
bubble_10	If you live in a dump, you're going to love this place, but to all you decent people out there be warned.  The ceiling was coming down, the damp was rising up, none of the doors in the room had door handles on and as for the rudenss of the staff, don't get me started on that one.  My advice to all of you reading this, work harder so you can afford somewhere better or go and sleep on the subway, it's cleaner.
bubble_20	i was really worried after reading the reviews for the hotel but it really was'nt that bad.The greasey smell comes from the shop attached to the hotel ok it was'nt the ritz but come on what do you expect for the money.I took my bleach and clean bedding and thats all me and my daughter needed,you go to New York to shop till you drop so basically we were in the room for a few hours a day.I keep an extremely clean house but i can say next time i go back i'll use the carter again
bubble_10	I was very excited to get a hotel just seconds from Time Square for what seamed like a reasonable price $250. Unfortunately I was very disapointed. The staff had a can't be bothered attitude. On arrival I found that there were various small bugs in the room and paint curmbling off the walls in the bathroom and bedroom. The staff said there was nothing they could do about it as the building is being renovated so these thigs can happen! Never before in my life have I had to go and get roach spray for may stay at a hotel but this I had to do.   When I went to bed I saw hairs and bits of fluf in it so I am not sure if the sheets had not been changed from the last person or if they had fell on the floor but it was very unpleasant and so I had to sleep fully clothed.  My final grip is
bubble_10	On our first trip to New York we booked this hotel directly from their web site. When telling the cab driver at JFK where we were staying he instructed us not to leave anything in our rooms. (bad start!) On arrival at the hotel at about 7pm there were 3 prostitutes standing outside. Nevertheless, we checked in and went up to our room. The hotel decor is a throw back from the 70s with graffitti on the lobby and corridor walls. On getting to our room we immdeiately noticed the 4 locks on the back of the door (why on earth would we need 4 - worrying!) On inspection the room was dirty, the sheets were not fresh and there was obvious evidence of vermin. It was on entering the bathroom when we decided to leave due to a filthy toilet and a dirty pair of ladies briefs hanging on the
bubble_10	All of the reviews you read about hotel carter are accurate. Police in the lobby, blood stained sheets, filth, horrid staff. Our room looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in about 18 years. I have never in my life seen anything like this. My jaw actually hit the ground. After checking in we lasted about 5 minutes and demanded a refund. If we had not have had somewhere else to stay, I would have stayed in a homeless shelter instead of Hotel Carter, at least they change the sheets there.
bubble_10	Well where do I begin with reviewing this hotel??? In the room itself, the door of the bathroom did not close properly. The water in the bath tub took forever to go down the plughole. The headboard of the bed was broken, which exposed sharp nails that I could have easily hit my head on. The maid came once in 5 days, despite constant requests. I was even forced to clean the bathroom it was that filthy. Its reputation also proceeds itself with the locals. Several taxi drivers mentioned how dodgy it was and that various illegal activities are the norm there. Indeed an employee was shot there last year. Best to avoid this place with a 10 foot barge pole if you want your stay in New York to be a pleasant one!!! Oh one positive thing is that we didnt have bedbugs unlike a lot of
bubble_10	Four of us stayed in this so called hotel over the new years eve weekend. Our room was disgusting, filthy carpet with ash, ash in the drawers and even cigarette butts left around. The bathroom had hairs all over the place, and let me tell you they weren't all head hairs. The only 'good' thing I have to say is that the beds were made on arrival and there were no bed bugs, but the maid never came again after 5 days stay even though we asked for her to come by on a daily basis. The water in the sink and bath didn't drain and sometimes when the room next to you used their water, water would come UP our sink. It was truly horrible, and I have stayed in some dodgy places! We were reluctant to change rooms as it was a case of 'better the devil you know' as everyone we spoke to said
bubble_10	this hotel is the worst hotel in the world full of mice and bed bugs we have been to city hall and spoke to the mayors department to report the hotel they told me that there has been alot of complaints about the hotel our complaint number is 4082627. our rooms where all full of dirty and mould and they refuse to give refunds please dont take my word for it look at all the other reviews and pictures we have been bitten to death by bed bugs and are all really ill from the rooms being so damp and full of mould
bubble_10	Very bad... i change room 5 times.  This say all...
bubble_30	I travel to NYC frequently, mostly for the Yankees & Rangers, also bring my wife down for theater & shoppping.  A group of us refers to the Carter as the guys trip hotel, heres why:  You will not beat the location & price, $120 for double/double in Times Square is unheard of.  There is no maid service daily, no bell crew, no valet parking.  There is a parking garage across the street, I can carry my own bags, and who needs a maid waking me up anyway?  The fixtures are ancient, but they work.  There is no cable TV, but I dont go to NYC to watch TV.   I would stay there with the guys on the sports trips, but never, ever with the wife or family.  Hiope this helped.
bubble_30	My fiance (we got engaged during our trip) and I spent 3 nights in the Carter Hotel over New Years Eve weekend. I was scared to death after reading many of the prior reviews and we almost booked another hotel (that was double the price!) But we decided to brave this hotel for one night and if it was as bad as everyone said we were going to change hotels! Needless to say, we ended up spending our whole trip at the Carter Hotel. Was it luxurious? No. Was is beautifully decorated? No. But for the price that we paid (very cheap) the Carter Hotel was excellent. The sheets were old, but clean! The carpet was dingy but we did not see any bugs. The bathroom fixtures were old and mismatched but we had hot water and good water pressure. The TV only got about 10 channels, but who goes to
bubble_10	We are extreme budget travelers. So Carter Hotel was our only choice in NYC (are there any in NYC which can match this price? please post a comment here if you know).  We got a  bed to sleep for the night and a bathroom for our morning chores. I guess that is all we expected. The condition was pretty bad but that was ok with us...not what followed... We left our bags ($2/bag) in the luggage/cloak room next day after checking out. In the evening we find just one of our bags in the luggage room....One bag was stolen. The luggage room was not locked. anyone could have entered it. The person responsible for security lied to us on phone saying they found our bag just to avoid any more of our badgering phone calls!!  The entire experience of following up was painful to say the least.
bubble_10	this hotel is good for one thing that is burning down it is the most discusting place i have ever stayed in i checked out after one3 hour stay as the smell of stale sweat and grease is un bearable the rooms are filthey cold unheathy  i dread to think what germs ect lay in wait for you in the filthey so called bath room
bubble_20	First off, I work at a hotel and am slightly picky when booking a hotel.  We wanted to find a hotel in time square & in our price frame- We were not looking for a 4 or 5 star hotels by any means, but when you get quoted 400 LESS than 99% of the hotels in the are, you do begin to question why? You get what you pay for. A bed & a shower. After reading multiple reviews on here, we still braved ourselves and ventured to Hotel Carter. The only MAIN complaint- MANAGEMENT they didnt honor their OWN hotel reservation & rate quoted on the email i brought with me.. We book 2 months in advance for new years eve & the manager literally told us to "get lost"  if we didnt pay the NEW price posted, even tho we had a reservation from 2 months earlier.. Considering there were 5 of us on a
bubble_20	I read the reviews before we stayed there and was expecting worse. The room on the 12th floor was old and not very clean but  no bugs. The bathroom had original fixtures but there was plenty of hot water. There was plenty of heat in the room which we controlled by opening the window. The TV didn't work too well, but we didn't go to New York to watch TV. We stayed 4 nights including New Year's eve and thought the hotel was good value for money and the staff were helpful and friendly but cleaning the rooms doesn't seem to be a priority for them.
bubble_10	***CHECK OUT THE BATHROOM PICTURE***  I was in NYC by myself to watch some friends participate in the US Olympic Marathon Trials. I figured with my wife back in Portland, I could ignore the reviews and tough it out for a week.   On the first night, I had a group of people enter my room with a key given to them by the front desk. I went to the desk and asked why in the world that could happen, let alone twice... he had no answer. I went back to bed and an hour later, again...  The next morning I was so excited to get out for a run to literally escape the Carter. I enjoyed a great run throughout Central Park; when I returned I found three suitcases in the entry of my room. The owners entered the room a minute after I did and asked when I would be vacating the room so that they
bubble_20	We stayed in the Carter Hotel for 2 nights at the end of December '07. We booked it because of the amazingly low price and amazingly perfect location (right on Times Square). I didn't really know what to expect, but this hotel ended up being below my expectations. The bedspreads were extremely thin, the room was chilly at night, there was crud in the corners of the bathroom, and the only toiletry items provided were towels and bars of soap. There was no shampoo, lotion, hair dryer, or washcloths. The carpet 'decorations' stapled onto the walls were a bit nasty. Obviously no updates to this hotel since the 1960's!! It was hard to tell if the bedding had been washed before we arrived, and there was no maid service. It was almost more like staying at a hostel than a regular hotel.
bubble_10	I stayed in this dump in January of this year. First of all , they said they would take Amex, but when we arrived they wouldnt so I had to get the accounting department to send a picture ID and their Visa Card to get our rooms confirmed. . NEXT, The concierge hardly spoke English  very well, so we had to get the manager involved. Next we got to our rooms. UGGH, the vent to the outside hall had a hole in so people could see in. They were full so I had to keep my room. Next the bathroom was disgusting. Do you remember the MATRIX scene when the good guys were hiding in side the bathroom wall? That's what my bathroom looked like, circa 1947. The TV was a sony from the 1970's's because my family had one [--]. It didn't work. The only good thing was that it is in Times Square.
bubble_20	The other reviews of hotel are bit harsh , it is run down but not as bad as people make out , rooms are ok size, could be cleaner and needing new carpet but tv and shower worked. Was warm when needed and aircon worked when needed to make it cooler. There is bed bugs but all hotels suffer from problem just check when your bed when you are there and make sure things are clean, even take extra sheet to protect you. Its great location and cheap. If you are planning on spending more time in hotel than going out then its not for you but if you are just sleeping after busy day you will be fine.
bubble_40	I went to New York on Dec 12th and stayed at the Carter Hotel for six nights.  I was honestly really worried about what the Hotel would be like having read a lot of really bad reviews and had even researched other places to stay incase it was that bad.  I was pleasently surprised on arrival. The Hotel is an amazing location for transport into the city. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful explaining that they could move our room if it was not sutiable, being on the 19th floor and travelling with someone who is scared of height.  The room was clean and tidy. The sheets were clean, the tv worked fine and the shower and bathroom were tidy. The shower was excellent and the bathroom clean. Even though the Bath would be too small to actually fit an adult in.
bubble_10	Its as bad as everyone says!! The worst thing is the smell! terrible place! Im no snob and i know its cheap and has a great location but its just not worth it! While we were out i was constantly worried about are stuff! But there was security on the doors, but this did not stop some guy asking me for all my money in the shop which is just in the entrance! I took a chance and shoved him out the way and swiftly moved into the hotel! I didnt find any bugs tho, and the staff were friendly and i had no trouble when i asked to change rooms and asked for towels and tissue! which smelt as bad as the hotel! please dont stay here, tell everyone you know to avoid it! If you have to stay take your own towels and sheets etc..  and good luck!!!
bubble_10	This was by far the worst hotel I've ever seen in my life, roaches in the bathroom, disgusting curtains and sheats, tv not working... It's very central though, and, if you're drunk enough (like most of the people staying there were), maybe you won't notice the filth surrounding you. Would never stay there again!
bubble_10	This was the worst hotel I've ever been. It was dirty, it smell and it did not have air conditioner. The bathroom had cockroachs and death mouse inside the toilet!!! You cannot even dare to sleep in the dirty sheets or use your bare foot in the room carpet. After one night (without using the bathroom of course) we had to change of hotel. But what can you expect for 100 bucks in NY during Christmas?
bubble_10	Sleeping in the street during a blizzard would be better than staying at this hell-hole. The place should be imploded. Enough said.
bubble_10	Bugs on the bedroom - they gave me another room and guess what. I found more bugs. Its dirty  and old. I stayed there for just one night and then I moved to another hotel. And they didnt give my money back for the others nights that I paid.
bubble_10	Staying at a great hotel while on vacation can make memories that last a lifetime. Staying at the Hotel Carter will haunt you long after you've been treated for a communicable disease or two. I believe the poor soul who coined the term 'fleabag' must have spent a night at this wretched establishment. If you've ever wanted to know what it would be like to live in a bomb shelter in Afghanistan, this is the place for you. I defy anyone to find a worse place to stay in the United States. Flithy old carpet, both on the floor and walls, a bathroom which leaves only those with a strong stomach to take a shower, and if you are fortunate, a decrepit air conditioner to blow biohazard air directly on you. But hey, at least the bugs that infest the place are less active if you turn your
bubble_10	Consider yourself very very lucky if you have had anything other than the worst hotel experience of your life here. We were there for a week and had 3 rooms in this hotel!!  The first room was filthy with no air conditioning/heating but we're not fussy people and knew we weren't paying for a 5 star hotel so we gave it a go. It would have been ok except that when we got back from a day of sightseeing, our room and all the rooms around us, were unlocked with doors wide open. There were 2 men who looked like they were maintenance people who told us we had to leave our door open so that they could run cables through to the other rooms. When we confronted the hotel manager (who has a limited grasp of the english language) she denied it and said no one had access to the rooms in the
bubble_10	This is absolutely the most disgusting place!  The room was dirty, with stained carpeting, sheets, walls, etc.  No towels were provided and we needed to ask for them at the front desk.  Once I received the towels, I realized I would have been better off asking for a cocktail napkin!!  There was only a stained top sheet on the bed and I had to ask for a heavier blanket at the front desk.  The "blanket" they gave us was an old bed spread, again with stains, holes, mold and overall rather scary to put my body under.  I used my winter coat as a blanket instead. There were no lamps in the room; just an over head light bulb with out a fixture covering it.  There WAS a TV, however, no remote control and a picture that left me seeing double. There was no heat the first night and the
bubble_10	This hotel is the worst experience i have ever had !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We arrived at the hotel on 7th December 07 after travelling for nearly 15 hours. Our suitcases had been lost at the airport but were due to be delivered in a few hours so we wanted to go to the hotel and rest until they arrived. We thought it looked ok from the outside and the lobby seemed ok too. The location was fantastic but that was the one and only good thing!! We werent expecting luxury but we just wanted somewhere clean to sleep and shower. We went up to our room and the corridrs were filthy. The carpet was stained and the smell was awfull. We entered the room and it got worse. The sealing was falling down, wallpaper was pealing off the bedding and carpet smelt and the bathroom was attrorious.
bubble_20	My brother currently lives over in New york city and was going to run in the Major Marathon just gone. So myself and my father decided to visit him for a few days. As my brother currently lives in times square he suggested the hotel carter just off times square.Now i must admit i do not generally read the reviews but if i had i probley would have stayed at home. I was absoulty taken back at the appearance and street where it was located. The bed was broken down the middle + dirty, the T.V was left on and seemed to turn off on its accord. Beds were not made and bathroom had looked like it just been used. I was under the feeling the guests had already "occupied" the room. The 1st nite did not go any better, I felt like i crawel into a barrel of bugs and woke up bitten all over.Now
bubble_20	Our reservations at the Carter Hotel were from Nov 29 to Dec 2, 2007, but we checked out on Nov 30, 2007. I found 2 bugs in our room, small roaches, one on the side table and one in the bed. The room was dirty, looked like the carpet and bathroom had not been cleaned for months (nothing like the pictures). No side lamp or pictures on the wall, no lamp in the wardrobe.  Room swipe key had to ne reprogrammed every time we used it.   VERY BAD they had the room number printed on the key.  When I mentioned this to management they did not offer us an alternative room or an apology.   We ended up sleeping on a blow up bed at our sons flat surrounded by boxes as he was moving. Great location and good security.
bubble_10	I have stayed in many many budget hotels but even I have never seen such an awful place, the people who give ok reviews must have been lucky.   Our first room we had was filthy with cigarette butts in and other peoples hair all over the bathroom, and the shower didn't work, we had to move as the window banged loudly all night and we had no sleep. As well as having stained curtains hanging off the walls and drawers that had been kicked in?  The second room was bearable, but still pretty scabby. Until I woke up covered in bites from bed bugs..I can't tell you how disgusting that is, I don't know how the management isn't embarrassed to let people into such unkempt rooms.  There were countless other things that were wrong, the bathroom door didnt shut, we never had a maid come in to
bubble_30	we stayed in the carter from the 26th nov til da 2nd dec, and had a great time, 4get all the rubbish you have heard about tis hotel yes its basic but we found it 2 be clean and the bedrooms had been freshly painted and the beds wer new wit clean white sheets which wer changed twice during our stay, the staff are also very nice and helpful 2. five of us stayed and intend 2 stay again in march.
bubble_30	If you are a traveler and not the sort of person that carries your pocket dog along with you everywhere. You will have a OK experience here. We were in town for four of the ten Phil Lesh concerts at The Nokia. I was looking for some thing cheap as we were heading to Belgium and Germany in a few days for a two week stay. So I figured we could suffer a bit as we were renting beautiful homes in each country. We love to travel and have been to 47 countries to date. I believe we have seen just about every kind of accomodation out there from 5* + to -0* . Check in at The Carter was fine , The lobby wasn't mind blowing and the room (2332)  was old but pretty clean, sheets were clean,no bed bugs ,roaches or rats! .... that I saw..........  It wasn't pretty but had a decent view and was
bubble_10	yes the hotel is cheap and next to times square,but that's it!!  i was there with my parents for 4 days.i was first in new york and had to wait for my parents who had a long trip from europe..at the time i was waiting in the lobby was a women(she worked there but she looked and spoked like a  sleeping pill)talking to a police man.she told him that a women who cleaned there stole a lot of stuff from the rooms..hhhmm.after that,people came to this women and told her that their room looks terrible they were really angry!  ok,my parents arrived really tired and they were happy to take a shower and relax somewhere...untill we saw the room!the carpet was really dirty,the cover from the bed was also dirty,the bathroom door didn't close.they never came to clean.and we had always to ask
bubble_10	I have just returned from NY after staying 6 nights at hotel Carter and I am all over bitten by bed bugs, so if you can, please avoid the hotel. It is everything what other guests have described already; filthy, smelly..We stayed in 5th floor, however, our toilet was "clean", no bugs there, but otherwise the room was smelly, carpet filthy (haven't been vacuumed in moths, years maybe..) and the worst thing was the bed bugs..I only hope that I haven't brought any bugs with me at home.
bubble_40	Me and my partner stayed here for 8 nights. We're both 28, and moved here after staying for one night in a terrible place. Maybe because of this, our expectations were low or maybe we were lucky - (we offered a tip to the man at reception to give us the best room he had because of the reviews we read) but we loved it. We had a 6 foot bed, a nice shower and a tv which worked (3 out of 8 channels) The place is not too clean, and the decor is terrible but you can get to times square in a 30 second walk! We ddint want to spend our money on a hotel, we wanted to see New York and shop, and this hotel is perfect for that. Who cares if the tv doesn't work, o the room is not cleaned every day (you dont change your bed linen at home every day) We stayed in 2032, so request that if you're
bubble_10	I have stayed in many hotels in the United States and Europe, ranging from luxury hotels to really low budget places. I can honestly say that the hotel Carter is THE WORST of the lot! Please ignore the room picture that they post on their web site, after staying there I can only qualify that picture as a deliberate scam! When you arrive at the hotel you have to deal with their desk attendants, there is a particular Chinese lady who is positively THE RUDEST hotel clerk I have ever encountered in my life. My room looked like it had been last renovated sometimes in the late 60's, with a renovation cost of maybe $10 tops. The walls were dilapidated and dirty, the carpet completely filthy. The closet had no hangers or drawers to speak of, and it looked more like a very dirty tool
bubble_10	Run For Your Life!  My two sisters, my nephew and I went to this shack on 6 Nov 07.  We viewed three rooms before we asked for a refund.  We were told we could not have a refund because we had booked with an agent so were basically stuck.  When you enter the hotel on your left is a dirty food store which literally makes you gag with the smell of foul meat - I cannot descibe this smell as it makes me feel ill to think about it.  Once in the Reception the staff who thought it was quite funny stated what did you expect for the money.  A clean bed and somewhere to wash would be acceptable.  Anyway, we took our own bedding, pushed the two beds together and locked ourselves in of a night.  We went to the Hotel at about 1-1.30 each morning and where out again at 7-7.30 each morning -
bubble_10	When we arrived and were given the keys to our rooms which were both on the 6th floor (where the murder had occurred-we found out about the murder afterwards!), we were horrified when we went in.  The bedlinen was stained and filthy and the bathrooms were disgusting.  The smoke alarms were in the drawers and obviously not working!  When we went back to the brothel-like reception they offered us 2 alternative rooms which were also no fit for animals never mind humans! We demanded and refund and they charged us $25 for inspecting the rooms which I will demand back from my credit card company!  The staff were unpleasant to be polite and that IS being polite!  If you have no alternative but to stay in this 'hotel'- I suggest you buy a cardboard box and sleep on the streets-it would
bubble_20	One would generally not go to New York city for a hotel experience and especially not the Hotel Carter. The location is fantastic, and the area is safe, but aren't you lucky that you are only staying for a few hours per night!  The shower water was hot, the toilet flushed OK and it had  beds, just. Included with the beds were welcome visitors... bugs and they welcome new visitors with relish, yum yum yum and leave one with their calling cards. The 1970's style TV had sort of a picture on a couple of channels and there was an air conditioner of some sort. The reception was OK. If you could find another hotel as convenient, do so
bubble_10	we arrived at the carter apprehensive to say the least....worried! scared! as we'd read the TA reviews we expected the hotel from hell and we were'nt dissappointed. the lobby was so funny, have never ever seen one like it .neon lights, patterned carpets..... we took all our own sheets, pillowcases,towels,cleaning stuff, and flip-flops etc, but when we went into the room the sheets were brilliant white! so were the towels! what a suprise....    we checked the beds for bugs only to find that the beds and mattresses were brand new.! amazing!      we didn't use the wardrobe or drawers (kept our clothes in cases) as they didn't look clean.  the bathroom door wouldn't close as we had expected, the tin bath had been painted and was peeling and the hot water tap  in the sink ran
bubble_10	The worst hotel, i've ever seen. sleep in Central Park but don't stay there.  It's a really fetid place, don't consider such horrible place, I didn't sleep for 4 nights , because have fleas in the bed, when i come back i had a alergic crisis.  It's incredible how New York give a permission  for this kind of thing, someday will have a tragedy there, the place is ruining.  Bye
bubble_10	Like all the other Trip A reviewers, this is the ultimate in a bad hotel. I've stayed at budget hotels before, but this one is simply, terrible.   The smell is bad, throughout the hotel. The paint is peeling in the room, there was a bug in the bathtub, the housekeeping cleans the outside of the doors to the room(?), but didn't come in, a broken dresser drawer, a closet w/out a door, a tv w/ no remote control and it was blurry and limited channels, no blow dryer, the carpeting throughout the hotel has large stains and cutouts, the garbage cans near the elevators overflows to the floor. There are signs at the elevator that says "no visitors"..we needed more towels and had to go to the front desk to get them, there is no way to call  the front desk from your room.   We stayed for 2
bubble_10	A group from work was going to New York City to see the Toronto Maple Leafs play the Rangers I thought it would be a great experience for my mom and I to see New York and a hockey game.. When I found out we were staying at the Carter the first thing I did was google the name of the hotel and came across this web site with the reviews and pics... Then I started dreading the trip... Could it really be as bad as people had said?? My mom was prepared with Lysol, bug spray, our own sheets and blankets and garbage bags... When we drove up we were laughing because it seemed so surreal... The door man had a crooked hat... Cheetah's strip club was right beside the door... When we walked in to the lobby the security desk had a small Chinese woman behind it.. Was this our protection?? The
bubble_10	This was the worst experience of Hotel's that I have ever had in my life. How this place is still standing never mind receiving guests. A dog would find it hard to live here.  The hotel over all was filthy dirty, the room which we stayed in smelled of damp, mildew..  the bed sheets were clean, but after a night both myself and partner were bitten and dont want to thing about what was biting us.  Our window view was of a dead pigeon, and you could hardly see through with the dirt.  The room was wall to wall with uncleanded carpet.. including the headboard made of carpet. The bathroom was full of mildew, and damp and years of grime..   Anyone reading this I hope you take advantage of reading this and "STAY AWAY"  from this grime, filthy dirty hotel.
bubble_40	i stayed for 6 nights at the Carter Hotel, when i arrived the first room i was given was ok but my boyfriend asked for another room and we got a much bigger and better room! it was clean and so was the bathroom, the staff were all soooo friendly and cant really fault it all and i mean i was right in the heart of Times Square, what more can you ask of a cheap hotel! and i love the fact you pay when you get there! theres no horror stories i guess i was just lucky!! im coming back in November and ive just booked for there again.
bubble_10	So you're thinking about staying at the Hotel Carter...Well DON'T! My girlfriend and I have stayed here twice because of the budget price that comes along with the hotel. There's a reason for it. Everything you've read about is true...and then some. I, for one, have never noticed any bugs or rats, and am grateful for that. But seeing all of the other reviews, and having stayed here twice, I can honestly believe the other reviewers. For one, the front desk people can barely understand English. I understand maybe having a little trouble speaking English or whatever, but when you are in the hotel business and over 90% of the clientele will be speaking English, it should come into consideration when hiring front desk people. However, at the same token, check in is fast, but bring
bubble_20	We are a young couple from Europe, we stayed at the Carter`s from 7th till 11th of September. After we read all the reviews of the hotel on this website, we were expecting the worst! But to be perfectly honest, it was bad ,but not the worst possible. The location is perfect, no doubt about it. As for the smell , there was some in our room that went away after we turned on air condition.We didn`t found cockroches or rats! Bed sheets had some hair on it ,and wasn`t completely clean, but we expected that and brouth our own. The security was there, a guard at the entrance, and the police that was in the hotel frequently , but we didn`t feel too safe. Probably cause we got an announcement  from the NYPD that we keep our valuables at the reception safe.The bath wasn`t as bad as
bubble_30	Just had 3 nights here staying in an executive room, on the 11th floor, with club lounge facilities. Check in was very good and efficient (10 min wait), staff were wonderful. Our room was small but great views. The staff are very friendly and helpful. No complaints with the room but my stay was so short that I didn't get to see anything more of the hotel. Don't agree with most of other reviews. The hall is just renovated, new carpets and simple but clean rooms. I advice it expecially for youths!
bubble_10	This hotel was so bad words can not begin to describe! I was travelling with friends and even though we were on a budget it was worse than we could have expected. They made us pay for our entire stay upfront and we soon found out why. The room was disgusting. It was still dirty from the previous guests...dirty sheets with wet towels on them, lining paper (not even wallpaper!) hanging off the walls, hairs all over the bed sheets and all over the bathroom and in the shower, mildew and insects in the shower the list goes on. When we went to reception to complain they ignored us at first then said if we wanted something done about it they would give us a note and we could go and find the housekeeper to let them know! The place has 700 rooms it would have taken all day to find them!
bubble_10	I wish you had a lower rating than terrible. it is the most disgusting place it has even been my displeasure to set foot in. I can't for the life of me figure out how anyone could find anything positive to say about it. I also wonder what the health dept. of NYC is thinking - or not. I'd rather sleep on the floor of the Port Authorty bathroom.
bubble_10	After reading many reviews on this Hotel all saying that the place wasn't much good, Went with a open mind that it was New York City and we were staying on Thames Square, But Oh my goodness when you have got over the smell of the lobby (Like a cats or fox's have left there scent there)  you then catch your breathe for round 2 the room!! The bedroom was dirty the bathroom worst bath had been painted several times then chipped and repainted. Had to buy a pair of flip flops to take into the bathroom to return has the floor WAS that dirty. The sheets on the beds looked clean and that is the only reason we stayed, but when we returned to England we have discovered that my mother, my sister and myself have all been bitten by bed bugs!! The staff are rude and in polite, and wanted $10
bubble_10	You walk up the stairs and doorman asks if you have a reservation, to which we replied, 'Can't we make one at the front desk? he asks plainly, Can I ask, why would you want to stay here? He advised us to spend our money somewhere else that has maid service and clean linens...  We actually went to internet cafe where we bid and won the Crowne Plaza Times Square for $160 a night.....  Thank God for the doorman :)
bubble_10	My advice to people is to give this sorry excuse for a hotel a miss.  It was so bad in every way, to much to mention.  I have now read other reviews and can endorse all the bad ones.  Be warned this a dirty, smelly hotel with service non existence. Beware, be very aware.
bubble_10	I booked this hotel for two nights recently.Start with check in, the lobby smelled,the staff was unresponsive.The rooms rug was not vacuumed in weeks,trash under the bed ,paint peeling from the walls.The toilet seat was falling off.Tried to watch television ,picture was snowy.I checked the cable connection and found the problem,the connection was missing. The tile in the tub was full of mildew. The next day we expected to have clean sheets and towels.Went to the front desk to inquire and was told thay change the sheets every other day.  There were several people at the desk demanding there money back, to no avail.    Stay away ,sleep in the park it will be cleaner..
bubble_30	Two friends and I stayed at the Hotel Carter for 3 nights... having read the reviews we were more than apprehensive but to be honest, it was fine.  The room was shabby with broken furniture and graffiti on the walls but the bathroom was newly tiled and clean, the bedsheets were fresh and the telephone/TV both worked fine.  The shower was good, plenty of hot water.  I would recommend you take your own towels as those provided are on the small side.    We didn't experience any of the "horrors" reported in some of the other reviews - maybe we were just lucky!  Not sure what people are expecting for the price - it's rock-bottom cheap for the location.  If you're on a tight budget or prefer to splash your cash on shoes & handbags it's an ideal place to sleep and wash between being
bubble_20	You can't beat the location of this hotel.  2 blocks to the subway, 1 block to Times Square, 2 blocks to the half price ticket booth for Broadway Shows. The sheets were clean.  It goes downhill from there.   There was garbage in the drawers (beer bottles, food wrapers, garbage ) of the only piece of furniture in the room. There was no cable hook up for the TV and we had to run an extension cord from the bathroom to the TV in order to get it to work.   The carpet had not been vacuumed in years by the look of it.   We only stayed here as there was nothing else available in New York City.  After the first night I tried to book something else in another hotel but there was still nothing available.  I'll book much more in advance the next time to avoid having to take this hotel out
bubble_10	I went for a week to New York with four friends of mine. We went for a two-day trip up north so stayed 3 +2 nights in Hotel Carter beginning of October.  Arriving in the lobby of the hotel, you have to hold your breath as the air condition is so old it smells sour. Usually I'm quite easy going, but hotels anywhere else that I stayed (even in some smaller villages in Egypt) had better health standards.  The rooms were equipped with a relatively new TV (although I couldnt find a remote, but that might just be because there were no keys for the drawers), air conditioning, well sized beds. The bathroom was small and for some reason, noone thought of putting airconditioning in the windowless room. Accordingly mould was apparent on the ceiling and on some bits just roughly painted
bubble_50	I have stayed at The Hotel Carter on several occasions over the past couple of years; I would say I average about two to three trips a year to NYC and always choose this location.  First of all, you cannot beat the location of this hotel.  It's in the heart of Times Square.  As well, this hotel offers one of the best values in NYC (rooms start at about $100 night).  The front desk staff is friendly and efficient.  The hotel is secure and safe with a minimum of two door men/security at the door (that's what I experienced during my visit).  The lobby is clean and has an area dedicated to accessing the internet.  Off of the lobby is a small deli/cafe that offers a variety of hot meals and snacks and is open 24 hours.  The elevators are clean and fast (I believe there are three
bubble_30	A REAL REVIEW of Hotel Carter - I was expecting the worst after reading these reviews, but it was not that bad.  We just stayed here for 5 nights (in our 30's, no kids with us) for $120 a night.  For this price at this time of the year, we were more than pleased with our room.  It's no Hilton, etc but we didn't pay Hilton prices in NYC for Oct either.  I was very nice to the guy when we checked in and he even let us check in an hour early - I suspect this helped.  Check-out took all of 2 seconds to drop your key in check-ou box.  We prepaid through some website, so our receipt was provided by that website when it was booked.  We also didn't have to even leave a credit card for incidentals.  Location - awesome, very close to all the broadway shows as well as Times Square.
bubble_10	Surely nothing i can write about this hotel has not been written here already, never been anywhere worse. As soon as we walked across the tacky lobby with piles of carpet in the corner and up to our room with bottles and bottle caps on the floor we knew why it was so cheap. A TV that didnt not work, a window that didnt close and some suspicious white stains on our bedclothes all added to the ambience!!! Luckily there was so much to see in the city, we only spent about 2 hours in the room, we did not sleep, just sat and admired the dump.  The shower would tear strips off you, a single jet of water like from an industrial power washer, needless to say, we didnt use it, the sink had to suffice. We knew the management didnt care so we didnt even waste our time looking for a clean
bubble_10	Myself and two of my friends stayed at the Hotel Carter because of the location and the price. A week after we left the hotel we all broke out in what looked like mosquito bites on our hands, arms, feet and legs. My doctor can't be sure what caused the outbreak but I am currently under treatment for Scabies and Bed Bugs.
bubble_20	Everything other travellers have said about the hotel is true! But: we experienced a friendly staff and we also saw, that an afford is made to improve the basic standards. Since you are out on the streets of N Y to explore this great city anyway, you want to spent no time in your hotelroom. If you search a fancy hotel, don't come here. If you need a bed to sleep in the heart of the city: bring youre flip-flops (so youre feet do not need to touch the floors) and come here. Oh..and do not have breakfast at  Roxy's on Times Square, those peaople are bandits, go to THE NEW YORK BREAD FACTORY (2 blocks west) PERFECT
bubble_10	Just they way things are done, it's not a super expensive hotel, so you don't expect the best of the best of course, but it was terrible, when we got there the room was dirty, hair on the floor, the hole bathroom, the tub, yopu can't step anywhere without shoes, the roof was falling apart in a certain area of the room next to the window, and the pieces where still there, they do not clean the rooms, and we satyed there 4 nights, on the third night i woke up with a leak, it started by one then it kept growing, I went downstairsm it took 40 min for someone to come, they just put towels on the floor, gave me new sheets for the bed that was wet and that was it, of course that night the carpet and the towels were stinking, also adding that the police came everyday because there were
bubble_20	We had read the reviews before we went to Hotel Carter, so we were prepared for the worst. We brought our own towels and cleaning rags, earplugs, slippers, and we needed them, exept for the towels. The bed was indeed big, good and there were clean sheets. The staff was not rude, just "normal". The TV worked well, the shower was hot and hard, only there was mould on the walls and the shower curtain. You couldn't close the door of the shower, but I don't mind. It is a hotel at a perfect location (!!) for a good price. Just don't bring valuable stuff and prepare for the worst, than it is OK! If I go to NYC again, I might consider to go to the Carter Hotel.
bubble_20	The main reasons why I booked a room at the Carter Hotel are as follows; I was on a budget, I wanted to stay in Manhattan and finally, I had not read any of the reviews regarding the hotel.  When I booked the hotel, I informed them of my late arrival and they told me that this would not be a problem. However, on the night I arrived, I was greeted by this very annoying employee, basically telling me that there were no available rooms because I was late. I was shocked, obviously. We had a bit of an argument at the reception. The annoying manager, whose English was terrible told me that they would refund the money I paid into my credit card and that it would go back into the card in a few days. Now, I was so angry with the hotel at that moment that I would have happily accepted
bubble_10	This is a terrible hotel!. Budget does not need to mean dirty, but this hotel is.  We had bed bugs in our bed, and I was bitten all over, we changed rooms, only to find cockroaches!! We would have changed hotels, except everywhere was booked! The carpets are filthy, and paint is peeling off the walls, not to mention there was a murder there in 1999. It's a central location, but not worth the hassle!!!!
bubble_10	Don't go there...   The rooms are disgusting, the personnel, bad-tempered!!!  When we were there, they found a dead body in a room, so we decided to leave one day early, but they refused to give us our money back!
bubble_10	This hotel is the worst hotel on the planet and i do not know how the place still exists. I have to admit it is a fantastic location and it was quiet cheap however that is as good as it gets the staff are rude and swear at you if you dare to complain i was given 4 room keys and every time there was already someone in the rooms totaly unsafe. The rooms are filthy and have never been updated since the 60s and have not been cleaned since then either. there were holes in the windows the locks on the door should have said it all as there were at least five. I did not dare get under the covers of the bed slept in clothes went out and bought cleaning products to clean the bathroom. just a bad experience full stop which is a shame as ny is a fantastic city .
bubble_30	I had read reviews before booking the hotel so went with very low expectations. I found the overall experience  better than expected. The staff were friendly, and quick to find me some towels when I overlooked the ones that were left in the room for me and happy to organise theatre tickets, airport transfer etc The room was large and clean, the aircon had chilled the room to sub-arctic temperature when I arrived, but proved unnecessary during my stay. There was no maid service, the TV reception varied between three and four working channels (but hey I wasn't there to watch TV), and the bathtub was rust stained, but I guess at the price and the location, something has to give! The king size bed was enormous, clean,  super comfortable and I slept very soundly the four nights I was
bubble_50	I got the full Carter Hotel expierence when I stayed at the Carter for quite some time during my stay in New York. My room, which was decorated uniquely with floral carpet on the walls, and floor, was functoinal. The service was great, the guys behind the desk were hilarious. Times Square was not more than 20 steps away. No, the Hotel Carter isn't the Hilton, there might be some dust here and there, and a broken lightbulb but why stay one night at an over exspensive snobby hotel when you can stay three nights for the same price.  I can't wait to go back. Yes here and there, there are run ins, but like said before, best show in town is in the Carter's Lobby.  Who care's if there's glass at the windows, (anyone terrible enough to shoot the nice people behind the desks arent good
bubble_10	So we arrived at hotel carter after reading many negative reviews on this site and expecting the worst. Me and my friend were traveling around America after working at a summer camp. We booked into the Carter for the same reasons that i suspect 99% of its clientel does, its cheap, alot cheaper than (at first glance) most other places in this great location are. As we were expecting the absoloute worse when we arrived in the lobby we were pleseantly suprised, although obviously dated, the lobby isnt what i was expecting ie. crawling with cockroaches and transexual prostitutes. The staff were "new york friendly" (no niceties but not overly rude.) When we got up to our room things became a bit more like we imagined. There was beer bottles and pages of porno under the beds from
bubble_10	There are no words to describe.  Believe the reviews.  If anyone actually had a decent room here I would love to see it. I'm so sorry that I didn't read these reviews before booking, defintally my loss.   Carpet that hadn't been vacumed in who knows how long, hair all over the bathroom, black and curlies on the bed, stained sheets..it goes on an on.  Defintally don't sleep on the sheets or walk around barefoot.   We also got a notice from the police while we were staying there, warning about leaving valuables in our room.  Seems there had been a murder the week prior.  So the constant police force outside was slightly comforting. But I guess I got out lucky, nothing was stolen and it appears that I got out bed bug free.   Seriously, I have stayed in hostels on 6 continents and I
bubble_10	I can honestly say this is the WORST place t stay in midtown NYC. I would rather stay at the Bates Motel and take my chances of being killed than stay here again.An outlet did not work ,the bathroom mold was thick, the faucet would not turn on, there was garbage under the bed, and we got a good room because we looked at 4 other rooms.  WHEN I WROTE TO THE BETTER BUSINES BUREAU HOTEL CARTER'S RESPONSE WAS " WE ARE A LOW BUGET HOTEL IN NYC,WHAT DO EXPECT."
bubble_10	Have you seen the shining? Long creepy corridoors and a psycho? Well that would be a step up from this place. We arrived in new york after a long drive from DC and we were so tired that anywhere would have done. We went all out in dc and stayed beside the white house so our budget was tight! We drove around for ages and asked at loads of places then we saw this big glizty sign! This is inkeeping with the bright lights of times square and we thought it would cost a fortune. It was $134 a night (70) so we checked in for 2 nights. We took the 200 year old lifts up to the 16th floor, the doors eventually closed on the 3rd attempt. The hall way was carpetted - I dont mean the floors, i mean the walls! Art deco i think its called. Then there was our bedroom, the plaster was falling
bubble_10	ok if you can speak spanish then ul have no problem communicating with the staff, otherwise you can forget even asking for anything. more importantly, during the second night of my stay i witnessed police officers carrying out a dead body of a prostitute who was found murdered underneath one of the beds on the sixth floor......do i need to say more!
bubble_10	Don't be fooled by the price of this Hotel. If it were free you would be still paying too much. Health and safety for you and your family has no price. Cheap and cheerful but without the cheerful. the reality is that this place is used as a temporary residence by by New york city Social Services to provide temporary accomodation for people on welfare. There is therefore a good selection of prostitutes, drug addicts/dealers and other ne'er do wells residing in this unsolubrious and dirty dump. During my stay a guest was murdered in her room, the body found in black rubbish bags under the bed. Residents were bitten by bed bugs and the police were in constant attendance dealing with the flotsam and jetsom residing there and genuine problems affecting the real tourists staying
bubble_30	After reading reviews on trip advisor for weeks we finally made the plunge and booked a room at the Carter Hotel.  A few days before our trip we all basically were freaking out due to the horrible reviews that this hotel gets.  We packed our own pillow cases, sheets, and towels because we were quite scared of bed bugs and other random filth.  We arrived to the Carter and definately laughed at how tacky the entire place was!  We checked in with no problem and we were off to our room.  We got in the room expecting the WORST and got something bad but not complete and utter filth lol  We had one king bed in the room and one double.  Both beds had no pillows or blankets, just the white sheets on them.  Our wall had carpet which was hilarious and our tv only had 2 working channels.
bubble_10	Dirty,smelly..For a couple of dollars you can get a better place at least clreaner...It is easy to travel in New York city,you don't need to be close to Times Square...It was a nightmare, the halls  smelled so bad and when I saw the room(that was not made because the service is non existant0,I rushed downstairs to get an immediate refund..Don't be fooled by the picures on the website...To avoid!!!
bubble_10	DO NOT STAY HERE.......EVEN FOR A CHEAP STAY!!!!  I booked this hotel in hope to stay cheap so that money could be spent on other things in the city. We were excited to know that it was only a couple of blocks from time square. Brought our own sheets, pillows, blanket, towels and toilet paper!!! Which is pathetic to begin with!!! We checked in Thursday  Aug 31, and found out 2 mins after we checked in that there was a MURDER there the same day!!!! Yes a murder!!!! A 22 year old female body found under the bed on the 6th floor!!!! And of course the people at the desk would not dare mention ANYTHING about this. I walked back in and immedately checked right back out. I didn't even have to go to the room, the lobby was gross and  others there who were also checking out and were
bubble_10	I have seen a lot of hotels (on the inside), but the Carter tops them all, in a negative way that is. Bathroom was filthy with the paint crumbling off the ceiling and walls, as well in the room itself. Beds were clean however and ok, but haven't been made or changed during our 3 day stay! Neither did we recieve clean towels, not even after asking for it. The bedroom carpet was filthy and the room hadn't been vacuumed in weeks/months.  Only plus is the location, just around Times Square, but that's the ONLY plus on this hotel...  I am personally more than willing to pay a little extra just to avoid this hotel.
bubble_10	After waiting an hour for them to clean the room (two hours after check in time) the room still had hair and stains on the toilet, no towels, used soap, trash under the bed, and no window (yes, the window was actually busted out).  We quickly got our money back and moved on to the lovely Gershwin hotel which was well worth the extra money.
bubble_30	OK... So after reading all the horrible reviews which promised death and despair, I almost booked at another hotel but decided  not to.  I stayed with my girlfriend and another couple  neither of which had a bad experience.  I'll start with the not so good aspects of the hotel :   As you walk toward the hotel , a couple doors down is  place where the sign says " Cheetas gentleman's club and sushi "  Interesting combination huh? If you don't turn around and run in the opposite direction you'll then arrive at Carter Hotel.  When you walk in the door you definately get a feeling of being in some kind of weird cheesy movie.  There are actually neon tube lights outlining the lobby ceiling.  Then you get into the smallish elevator... go up to your floor and step out into the somewhat
bubble_30	This hotel is right beside Times Square and cost approx 50.00 a night. The room was adequate for a short stay. the bathroom was clean enough and the showers were very strong and warm.The decoration is not brilliant but considering the location and the price I had no complaints. If you want all your creature comforts then  go somewhere else and pay the prices. If you want somewhere to sleep and shower then this is okay.At night the hotel is very quiet and I got a peaceful sleep everynight . The hotel had a serious incident  during our stay but we were not involved and there were Police at the hotel all the time who were courteous so the flipside to this is ,how much safer could the place be. The staff were actually very good and the showers worked properly. The only concern I
bubble_10	Location is excellent!! Then it is all down hill from there. With paint peeling off from around the bath tub and Mould over the tiles. There was a bent coat hanger in the plug hole to allow the water to flow down as the was so much hair it was completely blocked. The tub filled up to about mid calf level for a very short shower. As well as hair around the tub, filthy carpets and a dirty Blanket shoved behind a shutter to the window.  About 6 inches between the beds and the furniture you had to walk over the beds to get to the other side. The staff were not polite except for the lady at the travel desk who did what we asked. A wait list for a iron that never arrived and carpeted walls throughout.  You are only paying for the location on this one.
bubble_10	I couldn't save myself and my family from going, but I can save you from being Carters victim! Please don't let them mislead you with the great location and quite decent pictures in their Website: they take advantage because that way you are not able to smell the terrible smell in those creepy corridors, sleep in those dirty rooms where you run into other guests such as cockroaches, or to deal with its unfriendly personnel.    Beware of burglary!!! Since ALL employees have access to your room, the one that steals your belongings can't be identified, as it happened to us! Hotel security is just for decoration purposes, and the police couldnt identify the thief through his/her fingerprints because the room is so messy and dirty that a million fingerprints can be found there.
bubble_10	I stayed for one week. It is in a great position in time square. But that is the only good thing about the hotel. The receptionists were rude and very unhelpful. We were locked out of our room because they had got our reservation wrong and after much arguing we were let back in but were given no apology. The room was only cleaned once. There was rubbish left in the corridors and lifts. We had to empty are own bins. We even had our own pet cockroach in the bathroom. The bathroom was very poor standard. The water got very hot and I nearly burnt myself. Overall I wouldnt give it a star rating. It should have a warning!
bubble_10	absolute garbage! lobby was messy, had all different furniture most with splits and tears in them. lift smelled bad and everytime using it thought was going to lock us in. hotel room was dirty everywhere! dirty carpet, dirty walls, dirty ceiling - by the way; how the heck do you get a dirty ceiling!?!, dirty bathroom the bathroom door and closet door were both to big to actually close inside there door frames the bath and sink and shower curtain were all covered in scum, the shower tap handles both fell off they did not give shampoos every towel, even towels we requested from the desk were tea towel sized and all had brown and red stains on them the power outlets did not work the tv was old and not plugged in (naturally even when plugged in didnt work due to power outlets) and
bubble_10	If you have an enemy, to whom you wish the worst in the word, and in fact actually really hate.. you wouldnt even let him stay here.. It's terrible.    Pictures say more then words
bubble_10	Well where do i start. From the moment you walk in you know you should have walked out .(especially when a staff member said he's family was staying and he will clean the room himself) Our room was booked for four people we had two double beds  ( with someone elses short and curlys over them) but only two pillows and two towels. We asked for two more towels and pillows but was told they had no more pillows left and they would try to find more towels, we are still waiting. The furniture was from the local trip i am sure, it was that old and dirty. The bathroon was disgusting, slime all the way down the bath, mould all over shower curtain and missing tiles. We went out and brought disinfectant it was that bad. When we turned on the light switch a blue spark came shooting out,
bubble_10	This Hotel is a disgrace.  It took 1 hour to check us in - (Que was out the door). When we got there, there was cops in the lobby. It was so bad. The only good thing about the place was the concierge desk person. He was nice.  We checked into the Hotel room - Left a money deposit at the desk as we had a feeling we we're not staying here. We went to the room, it was totally trashed!!  Went down to reception & demanded the money back & mad a whole scene. There was rodent problems also, there were many people complaining at the desk.  DO NOT BOOK or STAY here. We booked online - It looked nice online, pics were nice but - IT IS SOOO BAD. Pictures were totally different than what we actually got!!
bubble_10	This place is CRAP!!  It doesn't matter that it's cheap.  It SUCKS!  The hotel is old and literally stinks.  The entire staff is unprofessional.  We had to fight with them to get a new room because there were rat droppings in ours.  Yes, rat droppings.  The tub and sink were rusted and there were various stains on the walls.  And, no, maybe you don't plan to watch TV a lot, but it's nice to have it when you want to relax after a day in the city.  We looked at three more rooms until we found one that was halfway decent.  The carpet was dirty, the room was never cleaned during our four night stay, and the hot water in the room was constantly running.  So much for environmental concerns.  Pay the extra $50 to stay in a nicer place.  You won't regret it!!!
bubble_10	WORST hotel i have ever stayed in. the room was dirty and the bedding was not clean. it really spoiled my holiday. i even got charged for using the iron. the staff were not friendly and the manager was very abrupt.  really bad experience, please do not book even if it is cheap. its not worth it honestly.
bubble_50	We asked our travel agent for a cheap hotel with a private bathroom in a central location - she booked us into the Carter, when we got home & checked on line reviews we became really worried & almost cancelled our booking, however I told myself "we are only there to sleep & shower" so we don't need the luxury of a more expensive hotel. When we arrived we were checked in within 2 mins by a very polite receptionist, we got up to the room, before we entered we were prepared for the worst but once we opened the door we were pleasantly surprised to see a spotless clean room with a huge comfortable clean bed no dust any where, clean bathroom with working shower & we did not see any roaches or experience any bed bugs & we were there for 8 days. We were right on Times Square & in
bubble_40	Me and my girlfriends needed a cheap place to stay at in nyc and hotel carter was the place. We paid $160 for a night which was more than $50 for each of us.  The room was clean .The staff were nice especially this guy at the front desk (omar)-yea hes hottt-and very sweet.  He went out of his way to get me some sheets.  Im goin back in october i hope hes there- anyway- i definitely recommend this hotel to other people --Its not too new but for the price and the location its awesome-
bubble_50	I stayed at the carter hotel from may 31 to june 4.Because i went there for a concert to see LUCY LAWLESS(ALIAS XENA WARRIOR PRINCESS)It was no problem for me to stay at this hotel and it was nice and we had clean towels 4.and we also had enough toiletpaper and as for the television who needs it.your not going to watch tv when your on a holiday.i just walked for hours and hours to see everything.and the beds where fine too.i think people complain to much.i have been to africa on a holiday and thats worser.be happy with what you get some people dont have a bed to sleep in or a shower.nopp me and my friend where very happy and i would stay there again.love sandra the netherlands...
bubble_30	When we first arrived in NY, our plan was to stay in a specific hostel.  That hostel was hell, however, and a friend of mine recommended the Carter as he had stayed there once or twice before.  So we called and asked if they had any last minute rooms.  They were very friendly and told us to come on over.  The guy at the desk told us flat out that this was going to only be a few steps up from the hell we had just come from, but we honestly didn't care.  It was a million times better than the other place!  The hostel didn't have an a/c or any kind of fan...our room at the Carter had a GREAT a/c in the room!  At the other place, we had one shower and one toilet to share with a floor of about 20+ rooms (meaning at least 40 people).  At the Carter, we had a private bathroom with a
bubble_10	Terrible hotel Stuff unfriendly (especially the lady in the afternoon shift in the front desk), bathroom not clean, 3 days later I'm still scratching from fleas bits. Bedding were dirty, a/c made such a horrible noise.  The only good thing was the location
bubble_10	Homeless people in Times Square would not take the offer to stay a night in this place.  We were greeted in our room by a dead cockroach that has probably been there numerous stays before us.  We had 1 wet towel in our bathroom for 4 of us.  The television is from 1950 and the cable wire was cut and laying on the floor.  This is and will be the worst hotel you have ever stayed at if you do decide to try it.  Its not worth the cheap price unless you wanted the filthiest, horrible experience on your NYC trip.  Don't think people are exaggerating on here!  Go somewhere else!
bubble_10	This hotel is disgusting.  I can't believe that places like this are allowed to exist.  Just because people are on a budget doesn't mean they should have to stay in absolute filth and decay.  The lobby is full of disgusting couches that have gaping holes in them and do not match--I see better furniture on the side of the road.  Our room had 4 small hand towels, and that's it.  We asked for some more towels, and the man at the front desk told us that there would not be any clean towels for 4 hours.    The room itself is also disgusting.  Only one of 3 outlets worked.  The bathroom door did not fit into the door jam.  The bed was made, but covered in hair.  There were crumbs all over the carpet, and who knows what else--possibly some mouse feces because I have heard that this
bubble_20	Here's the good news, the Hotel Carter is right in the middle of the action.  It is literally right around the corner from the wonderful Times Square.  Unfortunetly, thats about the only thing going for the hotel.  The bad news is that, yes there is a very noticable and distinct smell to the entire hotel, and it is not a normal smell that you get use to.  It smells like pee, mold and like its never been cleaned.  The lobby is decorated with torn furniture, neon lights, and some very shady residents of the Hotel.  The office staff was ok, they were quick and efficent, didnt lose our reservation or give us any problems.  However, if you get offended easily, I wouldnt even bother going there because the front desk are young kids who repeatly said, "hell yes" , "[--] no" and "word"
bubble_10	do not stay here. words cannot describe how bad this place is. find somewhere else quick
bubble_10	We waited an hour (!!) outside with the suitcases at night until they found our reservation- not that they made such an effort to begin with nor have computers... only to get a room with sheets that haven't been replaced for god knows how long- it had hair all over it. The garbage was full. the room and bathroom were filthy and in a terrible condition (broken tiles, etc). No one cleaned the room during our stay. Terrible service - there was just no one to talk to.. I don't even think they spoke English. JUST STAY AWAY FOR YOUR OWN SAKE
bubble_10	Spend some more money and go to reputed hotel. This is the worst hotel you can ever imagine. Carpets have come off. Furniture is all broken. Looked more like junk yard of some kind. Just dont even go near. I can not really explain  just would like to say You will die of shame after staying in this hotel.
bubble_10	My flight was canceled, I needed an emergency hotel, but none was to be had. I wandered through Manhattan hearing "All booked, sorry." Then I found the Carter. I hit 43rd Street and saw the huge Hotel sign. In the lobby Im so tired I don't really absorb the crowd. It's a dive but I'm not thinking straight. I go up to the desk and the guy behind the window tells me he has a room. "I'll take it." "OK.  It's $116 plus one dollar nonrefundable room key deposit." "Fine," I say, and pull out my credit card. "No.  Cash only."  He sees me look at the Mastercard and Visa signs. "You can pay by credit card only if you have a reservation." "Well, give me a reservation." "It's too late for a reservation today. Cash only." I pull out my money. He passes me a plastic room card with 1031
bubble_10	Don't ever stay here! The hotel was horribly dirty and run down. Our first room had a dirty bathroom, so we asked for it to be cleaned. The guy cleaned the shower with the toilet bowl brush, then cleaned the toilet with the same brush, then went back to the shower and cleaned it some more with the same brush. We switched rooms and I spent two hours cleaning it myself. It was so dirty that just wiping the counters turned the rag black. The matresses looked badly stained. Everyone was complaining in the lobby, but the management did not care at all. It was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in!
bubble_30	I read the reviews of the Carter and was a bit weary, but booked none the less, who could pass up the $124/night rates?!  I had no trouble booking the room online, and the staff was super friendly when I called to check my confirmation.  We arrived on a Friday afternoon, the hotel was refreshingly cool in temp, there was a doorman who carried my heavy luggage up the short flight of stairs that lead to the lobby, the check in went fast and the staff was very friendly.  The hotel is older, but I knew that from the reviews I read.. so the 14th floor wasn't all that scary, and the room was way better than I thought it was going to be.  The room was clean! The sheets were clean!  The bathroom was clean, stocked with towels, TP and soap!  The AirCon worked (really well)!  The TV
bubble_10	We were very fortunate that our room didn't feature any pet cockroaches and the bathroom was tolerably clean, but the bedsheets had stains and there was filth and garbage under the bed. When we checked in there were three elevators working, next time we used them there were only two, and by the following morning, only one. Never before I had to wait in line for fifteen minutes to take an elevator ride. And there was always someone saying "ten people!" when the desperate guests tried to take a place in it. At least the "Non Hourly Rates" sign in the lobby gave me some peace...
bubble_10	I went to New York for a funeral, and I decided to look for a hotel online to book. Went to [--] and of course being in a rush and the fact that it was their "Pick of the Week" ?? I decided to book a room for a couple of nights.  When we first get there my friend pointed out the ripped couches festooned about the lobby & really well ground in dirt theme decor. The front desk looks like you should be cashing out your chips not booking a room. I asked to see a room - "No, I don't let anyone see the rooms"....   says the guy behind the bullet proof glass,   Alllllrighty Then!!??? My girlfriend and I thought to ourselves, "How bad could it be? and she, being able to speak Spanish, asked a Mexican family all ready to leave in the lobby how the rooms where. Next thing I heard was
bubble_10	The place is a dump.  It is a hotel that has not been maintained for decays.  The rooms are filthy and the bathrooms are worst.  My wife and I made it through by staying out of the room as much as possible. Here are some problem areas:  receiving personnel are  not friendly and accomadating,  rooms are not serviced by staff(we did not dare walk bare- footed on the floors.),  room appearance was  gross, room and vistor's area smells from lack of up-keep,  hot shower difficult to come by, furniture in room has already served its intented use years ago, was charged for room card key after returning it, TV is just as old and has only 4 outdated channels with lousy reception.  You are better off paying a little more and getting a better hotel.  This hotel is not even a one star
bubble_10	I checked into this hotel alone about 6:00 pm, put my suitcase in the room and left to have dinner. When I returned at 10:00 pm, I noticed that in my absence someone had been in my bathroom and defecated in the toilet and left without flushing!! When I told the desk clerk, his response was, "Why was someone in your room?" (Exactly my question to you, Hotel Carter). When I told the "security guard", his response was "What do you want me to do? It's late." I checked out immediately. I went back the next morning to ensure that my credit card wouldn't be charged. The desk clerk told me that the charge slip was ripped up when I checked out. Three days later, $232 in charges appeared on my credit card for two nights stay at the Hotel Carter. Calls to the manager Abdul (no one knows
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel that you could possibly have the misfortune to stay in in any city in the civilised world. it is cheap and well located but that is where the good news ends. This hotel has probably never been cleaned or decorated since the 1950's. There was a dead cockroach in the middle of the room and it stayed there for the duration of our stay. The plumbing is ancient and a joke. The shower just filled up the bath and the water was still there when we returned to the room 12 hours later. The door to a neighbouring room had been kicked in whilst we were out and the occupant repaired the damage by hanging up a towel. The best motivation you could ever have for getting out of the hotel early in the morning and seeing the sights of the city. Do they do food? I hope not
bubble_20	The staff was nice and helpful. The Room was dirty, the bathroom was more dirty, but the bed was clean. Beware of roaches, i killed about two of them. The noise wasn't a problem, the a/c worked, the room was secure, and the lobby has wireless internet if you bring your own laptop. The location is just perfectly great, right in the heart of Times Square. So if you are looking for a cheap place to crash @ night, and store your shopping, go for it. If you want a fancy hotel, check out the Westin right next door to it, its about $400/night.  There is also a strip club with sex parties behind this hotel. Or you can check out a nicer hotel about 10 miles outside of Manhattan and pay the taxi $50 to get you here, or ride the train/subway for $4 roundtrip. Guys can stay here, but if a
bubble_10	We had reservations for one price, I knew it wasn't the best hotel, not even an average... but for the price it seemed OK. When we arrived, there were signs saying that the online reservations were invalid and the price increased like 80 dlls. I told the receptionist it wasn't fair because they never sent an e-mail or anything... and she told me: "Do you want the room or what..." We didn't have anywhere else to stay so there was no choice... After that, some guys got stuck in the elevator, screaming desperatedly asking for help, they were like half an hour inside... Our room smelled pretty bad, the bathroom was with many stains and the water was all stinky and dirty. I'm from Mexico, and I swear, I've never been in a worst place in my entire life.
bubble_30	I booked this hotel as it was cheap, then I read the reviews and became very worried that I'd made a terrrible mistake. I was dreading turning up to it. I was surprised by how pleasant our stay was. We arrived at night and were in our room withing five minutes, the staff, while not really friendly, were very efficient. Our room was clean (apart from the dusty skirting boards and windows), and comfortable. After seeing the reviews I did look for evidence of other tiny guests sharing our room, but saw nothing. It was quiet, had a great view, seemed safe. I didn't see anyone else having problems with the staff or their rooms. This Hotel was so much cheaper than anything else I really could not complain about the standards of the room. It was not cleaned while we stayed, but I
bubble_10	I made a bad mistake of deciding to go to NYC at last minute for a long weekend.  I booked this hotel.  While I was checking in there was a fight in the lobby...not by the guests but employees.  The bellman told us to make sure we lock our rooms because theft is an issue.  We went in December during the holidays and there was actually a snowstorm that happened right before we arrived.  THERE WAS NO HOT WATER!!!  The toilet broke like 3 times, we saw two roaches in our room, and we think at night we heard a mouse.  The room was just gross.  We tried to find another hotel but no luck.    DON'T DO IT!!!
bubble_30	Hotel Carter, New York City, NY- Good value for the budget minded traveler Date of stay: May 17-22, 2007 Reviewer: a Trip Advisor user from Florida, USA  Due to a problem with the reservations at another hotel, we desperately needed to book rooms for our trip which was to start in four days. After many hours spent attempting to find rooms, we reserved rooms at the Hotel Carter, even after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor.  While the hotel isn't "top of the line", the rooms were clean and adequate for our needs. Staff was helpful and seemed to want to please. Maid service was spotty  at times. A leak in the bathroom of one of the rooms was dealt with and corrected promptly.   Let's face it- this is an economy hotel. It is a good value for the budget minded tourist. The
bubble_10	So I got kicked out of my apartment in NYC, and had to find a place asap. I had my flight out of the city arranged for the next day, but needed a place to crash overnight (didn't want to bog down my friends with drama). I knew my broke punk rock friends had stayed at this hotel before, so I headed over there.   I was given a card key, went to the room & unlocked the door, only to find someone else in there. Had to make 2 more trips before I was able to get a functioning key to an empty room.  The shower and sink could not be used at the same time. Whenever I flushed the toilet, the plumbing would rattle so loudly, I ran out the first time I heard it - I thought something was about to explode.  There really is bullet proof glass protecting the registration desk, the lobby does
bubble_10	This was terrible. i mean horrible. i mean nasty. i mean it was the place from the shining...  I went to New York on a business trip and a travel agent booked this hotel because of the prices. nothing like production houses looking for the cheapest deal... and boy did we get one. on the outside, looks fine. we checked in late, and there was a BOUNCER in the lobby to throw people out! i mean, what kind of a hotel has a bouncer employed in the lobby?!   i traveled with the group, we checked in, went up a tiny lift to my floor, and it has been a long time since i've seen a hotel with the tiniest corridors. my room i would have wagered was not cleaned, and i too ended up sleeping in my clothes. it was so run down. the windows were paper thin and did not keep out the noise of the
bubble_10	This hotel is a SCAM!  I read the reviews too, but thought that I could deal with a dirty hotel for a couple of nights, given that the location and price were so good.  But as soon as we arrived we were told that the price had now doubled!  This was despite the fact that we had a confirmation from the hotel itself, and their response to us was 'Well don't stay here, but good luck because it's New York and New Years'.  I refused to stay on principle because they did this to every person who walked in, then they changed it for some but not for all.  We ended up findinf\g a beautiful room at the Radisson right around the cornor from the Empire State building, at New Years, and it wasn't that much more expensive than the new price that the Carter wanted to charge us.  We were lucky
bubble_10	Don't go to this hotel: there are bedbugs! It's so cheap that one does not expext any luxury, but I do expect a simple, clean and bug-free room. It was not clean, there were clean sheets on the bed and that was it. The carpet was filthy and apparently had not been vaccuumed for weeks, maybe months.  I suffered severe allergy from the bedbug-bites, so now, 6 days after I left the hotel, I am reminded of this terrible experience every minute of the day. My arms, legs, neck and face are red, swollen and ithcy.
bubble_20	I was there in the middle of tourist season.  I read all the reviews and I still gave it a chance.  The place was  a  very old hotel.  It is in need of some renovations.  I did find a pillowcase that said "I"M YOURS"  in the middle of a heart, which you will not see again, it is now in my new york collection.  But do not  expect room service: sheet changing toilet paper changes or room cleaning unless you make a huge fuss.  If all you want is a place to lay your head go if you are looking for the hilton pay the extra 300 per night .bring  your own linens if you are very picky but the place is good for traveling friends.  OH bye the way we were switched from a very small room and the reviews were right  you have to leave your luggage at the door cause you can not roll it around
bubble_10	This hotel was disgusting.  It may be one of the cheaper hotels in Manhattan, but it was still pricey for what you got.  They charge $1 for each room key.  The room was nasty; it looked like it hadn't been vacuumed in 10 years.  Service was slow and unfriendly.  Do yourself a favor and spend an extra 50 bucks and stay somewhere nicer.
bubble_10	I have to say that I took a chance on staying at this hotel and I really regretted it. I'm someone who has a pretty high tolerance and I don't need to be staying at the Ritz, but this was really dirty and depressing. The first room was so bad that I asked to see a second one and that was only slightly better. It was just for one night so I suffered through it. I slept with all my clothes on and couldn't wait to get out of there in the morning. I kind of knew what I was getting into but it was worse than I had imagined.  Also, the cost of a cab to the airport was cheaper than the private car that they encouraged me to  reserve in the hotel lobby.
bubble_20	Like everyone looking at the horror stories in the reviews  I was terrified to go to the Carter. My boyfriend was the one who booked it, and when I saw the reviews I wanted to cancel and go to a hostel instead. The deal was we were 14 people going to New York to do a show.  We decided we wanted to have our own private room with bathroom, and be in a good spot.  We couldn't afford anything else, and the ones that we could afford were sold out, so that's were the  Carter's adventure begins... I bought vinyl covers, took my own sheets, took toileteries, towels and flip flops to shower with, Lysol wipes (prepared for the worst).  There were 3 couples in the group, and the rest were friends so we had a great time.  Yes, the place is not fancy at all, as a matter of fact is tacky,
bubble_30	The hotel was OK it may not have been the cleanest hotel i have ever seen but it was cheap and very convient.  I you need a place to crash while in new york this would be the place if you dont have much money or would rather spend on other things that are more intersting.  There are things that could be improved but then you would not be looking at a hotel that would be 200 a night instead of 100 a night.
bubble_10	This must be the most disgusting experience you can buy for $100.  I needed a hotel in NYC and couldn't find anything else.  I found it on a last minute site.  Confirming my reservation was impossible.  The staff answering the phones was extremely rude and not helpful. They had no access to reservations until the day of the reservation and even then, I was told they were too busy to see if I had a reservation.  The outside looks decent enough, but as soon as you enter you walk into the twilight zone.  The lobby is pretty nasty, but looks like the Ritz compared to the room itself.  My room was only slightly bigger then the bed shoved into it.  I didn't want to touch anything, although the bed did look and was clean.  The hallways are scary and the doors to the room look like they
bubble_10	This place was very disguisting. There had to be at least 2 inches of dust on the walls and floor. The bed was described as being a king size bed, it was two twin beds put together with a big gap in the middle. The beds were terribly uncomfortable. There was a drunk crazy man running around the hotel and nobody seemed to be do anything about it. There was no soap in the room. There was paint falling off of the walls and ceilings. The smoke detector had been taken out of the room and the back piece of it was hanging from the ceiling. As soon as I  walked in the room and sat on the bed the enitre dresser fell apart. The front of the drawer fell and hit my roomate's foot. The staff was not friendly at all. All of ther television channels were in spanish, whatever channels were in
bubble_30	I dont know what people expect paying so little for a hotel next to time square.  To me I got exactly what I payed for.  Stumbled on this page the night before my departure to New York and had already booked Hotel Carter. I was surprised that any hotel could be as bad as the reviews said. So I went there worrying that the reception lady had lost my reservation and would yell at me, there would be terrible smell all over, there would be body on the hallway, the toilet would be flushed, there were old condoms in my bed and somebody would steel all my luggage. But thats NOT what happened.  When we arrived there was some deep-fry smell walking past the shop next to the hotel but the smell in the lobby, hallways and room was fine. The reception lady was in fact very friendly and
bubble_30	We had a nine day trip to NYC coming. After a quick search I booked us to this cheap hotel with a great location. After booking, one day prior the trip I looked at tripadvisor and was a bit of shocked by the reviews. Checking in the hotel was a difficul task to manage. The basic problem was that even I booked a room they didn't have one. Or that was I told my the person working in reseption. After an hour of standing in front of his desk there suddenly found a room. The room (first one) in 19th floor had all those horrible things that I red from reviews. Paint was falling off the walls and ceilings, window was broken and there was wind inside the room. Also we had a view of a wall. Well, after two days of recovering from jetlag we marched to reception complaining about the room
bubble_10	Oh my.  I don't know if Hell Hotel or Fawlty Towers is the better description.  I hate when management is nasty to the staff in front of the custormers and there was plenty of that.  A dragon lady guards the lobby lest someone sneak away without paying the bill.  It cost us over $800 to stay here for 6 nights.  No service in terms of sheets and towels but our room was manageable since we were on the floor where the water remained warm enough for showers and we spent next to no time at the place other than to sleep and email.  We appreciated being right at Times Square.  While we managed, I felt badly for European tourists with kids coming here.  No Americans seem t stay here and I can see why.  Still, I am cheap and this was quite cheap for NYC standards.  We were able to go to
bubble_20	I could not find a room in nyc so i went to the Carter.  I had a black tie event at the Waldorf, so it was fun to go thru the lobby dressed in formal wear.    My room was beat up but not too bad.  they should clean better, replace the light 'globe' on the ceiling, regrout the bath, and empty the overflowing hallway trash containers.    the cliental was not too bad.  $100/nt keeps the real troublemakers out.
bubble_10	The filthiest hotel we have ever been to (not exagerating) The rudest staff on Earth. Debri falling from the ceiling. People getting infected with rushes over their bodies. Food in the cupboards. No room service unless you threaten them to death. Windows do not close. The lobby stinks like hell. 20 minutes average lift waiting time. No book of complains available. No hot water. Room telephone not working. No refund. They should all be in jail. Abdul S. Yakub is the manager although he denies it sometimes. If I had had time I would have gone to the nearest police station.
bubble_20	The hotel looks nice from the outside, but once you stepped inside it was very worn down. When we stepped out of the elevator on the 15`th floor, the hall way looked misserable  and was in desperate need of a home make over. The room was very dirty- the carpet could not have been cleaned for weeks. There were peaces of food, toe nail clippings, hair and pieces of paper on the carpet. The walls were cracked, The radiator blasted out heat - there was about 30C int he room. The second night the roaches came out. When I talked to the hotel staff they just said: " welcome to new York" and "what do you want me to do about it?" I asked if they could vacuum the carpet - but they didnt. I did not get a discount. The location is great, pretty much on times square. The price should be
bubble_10	I took 30 music students and several adult chaperones into this hotel for a two day stay in New York - at the end of our Great American Bus Tour.  It was booked by a travel agent.  We walked into a dirty, cheaply decorated lobby.  Miserable looking people sitting all over the lobby.  A drunk with a bottle in a brown paper bag staggered off the elevator as we were going up to check on the room conditions. We get to our floor and there's a crime scene investigation underway - an overdose - and the body is still in the room.  The beds were stuffed into tiny rooms, dirty, roaches, no decor whatsoever.  Yes, it's cheap, but you need to know that you are getting exactly what you pay for.  Needless to say, I got my students out of there pronto and found another hotel.
bubble_10	I had this hotel booked for 5 days, but when we arrived, they said they are overbooked. We had to spend 4 hours in a very dirty lobby with 2 kids. There was about 12 other families who couldn't move in because rooms where not ready. Staff was very rude. Twice in 4 hours police had to be called in to settle disputes between staff and guests. When we where shown our room, it had no quilts, no pillows, no towels. The door to the room could not be locked. We ended up by walking out and moving into another hotel.
bubble_10	Ummm, well....it was more then horrible, it was scarey. There was actually a bloody hand print on our bathroom door. I would say if you can bring rubber sheets, a comforter and clorox this is the palce for you. we had to shower in our friends hotel all weekend b/c it was sooo dirty. Also, they make you pay a dollar for the room key deposit then they keep the dollar...it was truly and experiance...one I will never repeat!
bubble_10	world record cockroach infestation-i pulled back the bed headboard and there was hundreds on the wall,all sizes. they changed my room,never stayed there again. dont forget your video camcorder-my biggest regret.
bubble_10	the hotell is very bad ....dirty,noisy,old ,bath room is somyhing i can not describe it ..it is so bad and dirty that you prefer to use public bathroom before you go back to your room BAD hotel, they should remove the title HOTEL from its name. no tv ,NO Amenities?!!!!!!!!!
bubble_30	The Hotel carter isnt that bad really. I stayed last august, paid around $200 for a ten day stay which was outrageoulsy cheap given its prime location. Ok the hotel screams budget  and my bed linen was only changed twice during my stay but I found the staff pleasant enough, the room was small but clean , as was the bathroom. I hardly stayed in the room , and I really appreciated the fact I was in Times Square. I would stay there again and I would recommend it to anyone on a budget. I say give it a go and use the money you save to have some fun. Of course if I was rich i wouldnt even grace the steps of the Carter but im not , and all things considered, its excellent value for money.
bubble_10	When arriving at this hotel they had conviently lost our booking which turned out to be a blessing. We only had to endure the rotten place 1 sleepless night. It was unkept and unclean. The beds were not even made up from the last occupants of the room.   Would never stay there again.
bubble_10	This place was like a scene out of the Shining. I was waiting to have a crazed Jack Nicholson hop out from behind a door. The staff was rude and barely spoke any English. The lobby looked like a refugee camp. I am a male and was afraid to urinate in the restroom for fear to catch a venerial disease. Thankfully, we had enough sense while intoxicated (the only way we would consider staying there) to stop at a drug store and purchase a box of trash bags. We lined the beds, pillows and ourselves with the bags and passed out for a few hours before we left for home. STAY AWAY!!! Pay the extra hundred bucks for a REAL room unless your idea of adventure is staying in a filthy hell hole with no screens on the windows and dirty socks on the ledge. Enjoy!
bubble_30	Hello, this is for all the hopefuls, my bf and i went to nyc for the first time during new years, i was really scared of hotel carter cause of all the reviews, but our room was not that bad, yea we brought our own bed sheets, but it wasn't as bad as some people say or have experienced. I guess its just if you get a decent room or not, taking showers in morning a little iffy, as it goes from cold to scolding hot, just watch out, but yea we weren't in the room that much and its right in the middle of everything, but pretty much if your a girl don't go alone, and just keep an open mind, you might get a nice room, we had a great view!
bubble_30	First of all, I'm a student to study English in Boston, so my English is very poor that you can't understand, or you may think this post is rubbish. Anyway, my friend and me went to NYC this weekend. We've returned from one day at the Hotel Carter. I didn't expect that is good, because I saw the dirtiest hotel in the US list. However, I was surprised. First of all, the manager of the hotel was terrible. Her English was so bad that I couldn't understand. And then they didn't refund my deposit for a card key. They told me that is service charge, but service was sucks. (Are there any service at the hotel?)  There is one television that it looks like old-fashioned. Maybe 70s? And only five channels worked, but it's better than disgusting bathroom. The door of bathroom was disabled.
bubble_10	I stayed at the hotel carter in January. It started with the check in and the $1 'Key service charge'. I was scheduled to stay in for 3 nites but decided to check out the following morning blame the jet lag for not checking out immediately. No heat in the room. The receptionists were really rude who cannot even speak English. An old man sleeping in the lobby. A Chinese guy seating at a desk in the lobby oblivious of everything that is going in the hotel. When you asked him a question he states "Not my problem". I moved into the Milford Plaza the next day. I paid a little bit more but it was worth it. I noticed they had no security at all at the Carter Hotel. Be careful for what you pay for!!!
bubble_10	We booked for 9 nights, we were able to survive only 9 hours!!! that means once the attack from strange instect started. Never had such a bad impression about an hotel. We had to escape at 7 o'clock in the morning. ONLY ONE SUGGESTION: STAY AWAY!!! the money you save and the good location will never ever worth the dirtyness of the rooms and the "strange" attitude of the armoured-glass (wasn't just a b-movie story?) reception's personell.
bubble_10	Be under no illusions, this hotel is cheap and you get what you pay for.   It is stunningly well located- just off Times Square and a stone's throw from the Port Authority (bus station)- however our experience was a poor one.  We booked and reserved by credit card. Due to delays in coming through immigration, my wife and I did not arrive until 10pm on the weekend of the NY Marathon. We were told upon arrival that our room had been given up and "what did we expect if we arrive at 10pm?" Clearly our credit card reservation was meaningless as they had shamelessly given our room to someone else.  We were shipped off in a taxi (which we had to pay for) to the Econolodge 15 mins outside the City by the Giants Stadium. This was a truly awful night in itself as we were awoken by a fight
bubble_10	Our room was dirty and the hallways did not look safe. The hotel's hallways looked like those from COPS or NYPD blue TV show. The Chinese clerks at the reception desk were rude. Customers were made to wait in long lines at the reception desk. I demanded a refund and left this hotel. Then I went to the Doubletree at Times Square which was a million times better.
bubble_10	My company had a contract with this hotel to put up its traveling employees while we were in new york city, I have stayed at this location many times and not once did I feel safe while in my room, I would here my door handle being shaken from the otherside, as if someone where checking to see if the door was open so they could rob or still from me if I were out of the room, so I made it a point never to leave the room, my company eventually switched us to another hotel around the corner, The milford Plaza which is also a dump...beware you get what you pay for
bubble_10	The Hotel Carter is probably the worse place in the world to stay.  The bed mattresses are torn and filthy; and raw sewage runs from the hot taps from time to time.  There was almost no enamel left on the bath, and the shaver/hairdryer plug sockets were situated right beside the shower - approximately six inches away, and were very badly damaged.  The carpets look as if they have never been vacuumed since they were fitted - probably around 1950; and the hotel constantly stinks of stale food and goodness knows what else.  The heating stayed on - full, overnight two of the nights we were there, and there was no way of turning it off, and of course the air conditioning didn't work.  The staff are unhelpful and unfriendly; and when we asked to speak to a manager about the state of
bubble_30	1. Not fancy 2. Beds are ok 3. Sheet covers ae ok 4. Showers are ok 5. Receptionists are nice, u better know the NYC attitude!! 6. Hotel is average Clean ( You get what you pay for) 7. Better than a Hostle 8. Look at it like a place to sleep 9. Look at it like a safety box for your luggage 10. Look at it like a places to shower 11. NYC is to go out and party, wanna relax? Stay home!! 12. People complaint but people still stay here ..HELLO!!!! 13. All reviews are TRUE  I was a happy camper, WILL COME AGAIN!!!! love the PRICE, love the LOCATION, AND MOST OF ALL .. LOVE NEw YORK!!!!
bubble_20	When I first saw the building of Hotel Carter, I was astonished at how the sign was flickering on and off. When I walked inside, I felt as I had suddenly stepped into a sauna with crazy, mad people. It was exteremly loud, crowded, and blazing hot. It turns out that for the entire time I stayed at Hotel Carter, the A/C was broken! There were only three elevators and two of them were actually working. Whenever we lost a key, we had to buy another one for $1! The thing is though that they don't care if you are buying a key for a different room. That I have to say is just a perfect way to murder, stalk, or abuse someone. For example, a random stranger can ask for ROOM NUMBER KEY 666. The worker would hand it over as soon as that stranger gives the one buck. Anyway, it turns out that
bubble_10	ok where do we begin?!?! after a 14 hour flight, 2 hour wait in the airport and an hour journey to the hotel, we couldnt wait to finally get to the hotel to end our journey, little did we realise the worse was yet to come!!   The hotel didnt look like any of the pictures, but hey we were in new york!!  As we walked in, we were told by one unhappy family to turn around and walk straight out to find another hotel! there was one couple in the que in front of us at reception, who although had a reference number did not have a room, we went on to wait a further hour listening to the high pitched screech that was coming from behind the desk, we then saw that it was our receptionist!!!! she seemed to love the misery of this couple, and was doing nothing to help. we finally got served,
bubble_20	I stayed at this hotel and had a pleasant experience. However I had an idea what I was getting into. My room was old but clean. I had no bug problem and all the pluming worked fine in my room. The bed was even comfortable. The TV only had a few channels that worked among them were the History Channel, TNT and USA so I was happy. There were not enough towels so I took it upon myself to grab a bunch from the cleaning cart in the hallway.  They have free wifi in the lobby and paid computers to use if you dont have a laptop.  You really don't want the help in your room cleaning because there is a big theft problem at this hotel. I kept that in mind and took my laptop with me in my back pack. I also kept the TV on while I was out.  When I stayed there in Dec the hotel claimed that
bubble_30	We were there for new years eve. The hotel wa located inside the closed perimeter and that made our trip very special.  Don't expect a luxury hotel, but our room was OK. Great king size bed with clean sheets, all the plumbing in working order and no special crawling friends. The television was not that good, but we were not in New York to watch TV. The location was exceptional and the price great. I recommend it.
bubble_10	I regretted that I did not saw the pics that other travellers posted before I make any decision. The website was having some difficulties uploaded the pics, but I managed to see some pics from other website uploaded by the hotel and those pics seems alright for me for the price. However, when we arrived, we were shocked by the conditions of the hotel; the staffs werent friendly at all, especially the old lady whos in charge with the Expressed Check out.   When we went up to our floor, we were speechless when we saw the mismatched, uneven and dirty carpet. It become worse when we went into out room, absolutely worse that I expected. Because I was the one who organised the trip and booked all the hotels, my husband go really upset and angry of the hotel I chose here.   The
bubble_10	I browsed through internet to search for accommodation for our honeymoon & New Year vacation In New York. I found out Hotel Carter, the good location and at reasonable price of USD99.00. So I made the booking and it was confirmed at USD99.00 per nite, totalled to around USD460 for 4 nights, inclusive of Tax. When we arrived at the hotel on 30th December, the hotel receptionist told us that the price had gone up by 50% before tax. After tax, the final price is USD173 per nite. We got Shocked. We took a flight of 24 hours to go there for vacation but that was what we have got. I requested to talk to the Hotel Manager, named Ali. He just threw out a statement, "if you are not happy about it, just leave!" What a rude reply from us. The receptionist told us to probably stay a nite,
bubble_10	Carlsberg don't do hotels but if they did ... this would be the farthest thing from it.  OK, before I begin what is most definitely going to become a "rant" I should mention the one good thing about the Hotel Carter.  That would be its location; its in a fantastic place close to Times Square, the bus terminal and a short stroll to 5th Avenue.  Ok, now for the "rant".  I read a mixed bunch of reviews before I went on my trip about haunted rooms, thefts and it not being the best of hotels.  But I thought "hey, Ive stayed in some pretty cr*ppy places, how bad can it be?  Well let me tell you, it can be BAD!!!!  We (my girlfriend and I) arrived at the Carter late on Thursday 14th December 2006.  We were greeted as we opened the door by the delightful whiff of the greasy cafe that
bubble_10	After reading the reviews on this website, we didn't expect much from the property and we only needed a bed to sleep in at night. We did however expect to get the room and guaranteed rate we booked with the hotel's own website and with our reservation confirmation printout....NOT!!  Upon arrival everyone seemed to be equally surprised by rate hikes and when questioned we were told by the hotel staff that they contract out the website so they aren't responsible for the difference in rates!! So we got a double room instead of a quad room for a higher price with a take it or leave it attitude! At least we had a room as many during the duration of our stay were observed arguing with the hotel staff over their reservations and left without rooms. The bed linens, towels & bathroom
bubble_10	On arriving at this hole which we I had prebooked online through (--) (don't use)!  We were told that there was no booking, even when we had a booking reference number.  They didn't even have a computer to check this.  Once we checked into the hotel (joke) finally, we went to the room and discovered that the beds were not even made and not clean!  When we were in the room all it needed was an outline of a dead body... it was like CSI although even they wouldn't touch something like this!!!! The toilet had been used and left unclean.  the corridors smelt of sick and the graffiti was all over the walls and elevator.    Staff didn't speak a word of english, they were rude and aboxius, we would rather have slept on the streets or the subway and felt safer than in this pit.  Don't
bubble_10	It boggles my mind how people can give this anything but a terrible rating.  DO NOT STAY HERE!   If you see reviews about rats, roaches, broken toilets, theft, and a non-english speaking staff, why would you risk it just to save money?  Well.....I did for New Years Eve.  The hotel boasts FABULOUS ball drop  view rooms!  Its an outright lie.  I had our room guaranteed for $150 (amazing price for new years) but they jacked the price up 80-90 dollars at the front desk.     Their reasoning? Well first he said another company runs the website and they screwed up.  When I told him that its their fault not mine he  told me that  "Someone hacked into our system and changed the rate, it's supposed to be higher".   Riiiight., that makes sense.  What a mastermind that hacker must have
bubble_30	My daughter and I stayed here from December 26-29. We had read the reviews prior to our stay and needless to say, were concerned.  Yes, the hotel is old but the location was great!  We took our own sheets but decided not to use them after inspecting the ones on our beds.  We would stay here again simply because of the location and extremely reasonable rates. If it's luxury you're looking for - look elsewhere, but if you're just looking for a place to lay your head at night, this will be just fine.
bubble_20	My husband and I stayed at the hotel last october, and although it wasn't the worst place i've ever stayed in, it certainly wasn't the best.  Price being a major concern, we booked our room having read the negative feedback and it was with some trepidation that we walked through the doors.  Tackiness was the only discernable decorating scheme and curtness was the order of the day from the staff.  We headed up to our room, which was mostly clean but very basic.  the TV didn't adequately work, only discovery channel, and no one came to our room for the duration of our 4 night stay to clean or replenish supplies.  That being said, the experience wasn't that bad.  we bought a replacement roll of toilet paper in duane reed, brought an extra towel from home, and learned a lot about
bubble_30	I was not expecting much for the price I was paying. To tell you the truth, I expected it to be worse than it really was. The room was very, very  basic. I took my daughter and her friend to see a show at the Hilton Theatre and was surprised to find this hotel right next door. The location was PERFECT! Between Broadway  and 8th avenue, right in the heart of the theatre district. I was looking to save money on a hotel because I knew we wouldn't spend much time in the room. We were only in the room to sleep and that was it. If this is what you are looking for then look no further. The room was clean but old looking. No frills at all! The linens were clean. The beds were super comfortable and the pillows were great. There were plenty of towels and wash cloths. The only negative
bubble_10	warning dont stay here! this is why: *bed bugs (see pic) *non english speaking staff *cockroaches *changing prices when chacking in *warm, dusty rooms with no air
bubble_10	Checking in to this hotel was like stepping into a Sci-Fi experience.  The decor is like a bad 80s movie set-design.  The bullet-proof glass at the front-desk is a clear indication of the service you will receive.  If you make your reservations online, do not expect them to have the reservation when you get there, it's a cover up to their lack of technology.  We get there and they asked us what rate we are supposed to pay.  WHAT!  We get to the room and had 2 double beds which was fine.  But, the TV was dirty, ashes in the dresser drawer, empty soda cans on the floor in a corner,  the window was open and the AC did not work. The closet was a large open space with a couple of wire hangers and a couple of plastic ones. (See photo). The bathroom lightbulb was 40 watts. I had to use
bubble_30	As I had read the reviews and paid very little for the hotel over the xmas period I was not expecting much.  The room was clean but old and very basic.  If you want somewhere to just sleep then this place is fine, the location is amazing it is 1min walk to time square and the cafe downstairs is pretty good for breakfast.  I would stay here again.  Beware though as while I was there I did notice people had shown up with their bookings and there were no rooms availble.  Double check your room with the agent you book with the day before as I think the hotel over book.
bubble_10	I stayed at this hotel last weekend for one night, and if it had been any longer I would not have stayed if it were for free. The room was filthy, with no toiletries. The staff is extremely unprofessional and not concerned with guests safety. There is a huge, huge theft problem here. During our stay several guests had items stolen, one woman had all of her luggage stolen. All of it. I read some of the other reviews about it being worth it in order to save money to spend, but seriously, its' not. I have two children, and if they were with me I would have walked right back out the door.  Avoid this hotel at all costs, it's not worth the extra money you save, trust me.
bubble_10	I can not believe that this "hotel" is still running.  The rooms are disgusting!!  The floor was filthy. The beds were dirty.  The bathroom had no tp and was not even clean.  Needless to say our one night in the city was frightening.  There are no smoke detectors.  So many violations.  Not sure how they are still running.  I hope that they are inspected and SHUT DOWN!!  I know people say that you get what you pay for but it was not even worth a dolloar.  My best advice is to NOT stay at Hotel Carter.  Frustrated from Jersey
bubble_10	The WORST HOTEL I have ever been!!! I reserved two rooms because we were two different family and they gave me just one (orrible, and they called that suit!!!)... They told me that if I was patient the first nigth they will give me the other room the second day... LIAR!!! We stayed 3 days in just one room, with just one bathroom (we paid a charge to reserve two rooms one month in advance)!!! And when I complained about that they had been very very rude and they didn't want to listen to me... But at the end we were lucky: people arrived and had to go away because the room they reserved wasn't available, somebody found bags, someone else RATS!!! It's unbelivable that an hotel like that is still working... it should be SHUTTED DOWN!!!
bubble_10	Well, I read the reviews before I left, so I pretty much knew what to expect. And let me tell this, all my fears came true...and then some! 1. The smell - the hotell lobby has a greasy deli as neighbour, and the smell is unbareable. 2. The rooms - the first room I got had a nasty bathroom (see pic), used sigarettes and a opened pack of condoms on the floor. The second one was a bit better, but not better than the cochroach that said hallo when I entered the room. 3. The bugs - both me and my friend came home with mutiple flee bites all over the body. There was also various types of bugs that I've never seen before. And they where full of blood when we cruched them....yuck!!! 4. Roomservice - not a word in the hotel dictonary. After 4 night did we ask for clean sheets, and we got
bubble_10	Hotel Carter...probably the worst hotel experience of my life.  The greatest thing about it is that it is the worst in so many different ways: customer service, cleanliness, security, amenities--just to name a few.  Perhaps the only redeeming quality is its proximity to 2 major subway stations.  But, ya know, I could have just stayed in the subway stations themselves and been just as happy.  Be prepared for a lot of carpet.  There is carpet everywhere...on the walls, on the floors, on top of carpet that was already layed down on the floors, and rolls and rolls of carpet in the lobby just waiting to be layed out.  There were spots where I counted 3 different pieces of carpet on top of each other in those dark, dingy, dusty, low ceiling hallways.  And the carpet comes in all
bubble_10	Ugh, we just got in from New York, staying at Hotel Carter on W 43rd Street. We've been going to NY for 6 years, and have never experienced a "HOTEL" like this.  I read many reviews on it before I booked, and it just seemed to be "you get what you pay for" and $150 per night is VERY appealing, especially for the location. The room was fine, it was warm, and had 2 king sized beds. It was a little tacky looking and the walls were dirty, but it was a place to sleep. The bathroom was clean also, but our toilet would NOT flush properly the whole time.  NOW, onto the more important things. We had things stolen from our room. 2 of my mothers medications came up missing. We tore the room apart trying to find them! And they were not in there. We informed the front desk and asked them to
bubble_30	I read the reviews the day before we were scheduled to arrive so it was too late to change since it was peak season and everything was 300.00 a night or more. I left for our trip prepared for the ultimate worst. I took my own sheets and covers for the bed and I took my own pillow cases. I also took our own towels and flip flops for the shower and so that we wouldn't walk on their floors. I have a phobia of roaches so I knew there was a chance I might not be able to stay there. We were given a decent room with new white paint on the walls. We only used the room to shower and get a few hours shut eye. Since I took my old mix and match sheets from home so that I would just leave them there afterwards we were able to sleep good my sheets smelled like downy from home! I know not
bubble_10	Upon checking in we paid for our room, dropped off our bags, and ran to the show we had tickets for in New York City. When we returned and settled in the room after mid-night we looked around and began to feel uncomfortable. There were six large nails and sharp pieces of metal sticking out of the wall, no phone, no clock, no towels, the bed was not made, there was not a light when entering the room, there were no fire alarms, and the conditions of the room and bathroom were completely un-safe, un-sanitary, and non-habitable.   We quickly grabbed our things and headed to the front desk. They would not allow us to get our money back because it was after mid-night. We explained that we checked in and then ran off to the show, and when we returned we were astonished with the
bubble_10	Upon arrival at the hotel we had paid in cash and made our way to the room .When we opened the door we nearly collasped  with fright. The room was dirty ,window broke , toilet blocked,paint falling off the walls,and smelly mould all over. We had two children with us and they were frightened.It was our first night in new york and it was late but i knew it would have been safer to stay in central park with a newspaper over my head. We met with fellow guests who all had the same story ,had paid cash and couldnt get it back,and had been complaining and was getting nowhere. We went to reception and complained and was offered another room with was worst than the one we had.Eventually after a long argument with the woman at the desk the money was given back to me. We had stood our
bubble_20	I booked our stay in this hotel without reading the reviews. When I learned how bad the past reviews were, it was too late to cancel since we paid our reservation in advance. When we arrived at the hotel, we got our room immediately and the first thing I noticed was the lack of elbow room. We booked a quad room with two king sized beds. We used the space at the foot of the beds as our baggage space since the hotel does not have closets. This gave us barely enough space to move around. We were thinking that we will use the hotel anyway for sleeping and for our hygiene needs so it did not matter much. If you are that kind of person who will expect and demand more for what you paid, this hotel is definitely not for you. You got what you paid for and that is the reality. Perhaps we
bubble_20	After waiting too long to decide where to stay, we kind of had no choice for the money we wanted to spend. Everything else that the other people are saying in the reviews is true. In our room I saw 2, 2" cockroaches. Our view was of the walls of the next building. The bathroom wasn't very clean; the air-conditioner was all beat up (the heat was so high that we had to use the ac); and it was generally in poor condition. Nobody ever came to clean or change towels or anything. No washcloth was given, just some towels. Lots of cheap soap, no shampoo. Would we stay there again? I guess, if we had to, since we loved the city and didn't spend much time in the hotel. Now those memories are funny for us. The location is great; but next time, we're looking elsewhere first.
bubble_10	This Hotel is living a horrorshow!! After the first night I wook up my arms and forhead were covered with big red bumps! It looked really scary!! I bitten al over by these bed-bugs. Really disgusting!!! The bumps started to get bigger and more red. After 1,5 weeks they were slowly going away. Trust me, do NOT go to this hotel!! Besides the bed-bugs it is really filty and customerservice is something they never heard of.
bubble_10	This has to be the worst run hotel ever, calling it Fawlty Towers, would insult Basil Fawlty. We arrived at 17.00, were told our room was not ready. At 21.30, we still did not have a room, in this time many people had come down from there room to give out about the dirt on the sheets, broken doors/TV's. The List was endless. Finally at 21.30 we were told that we would be getting no room, no reason just they could not give us a room. This was our first night in New York, we did not have a clue where we were going and got absolutly no help from the Staff, if you could call them that. We had only held the room on Visa so did not pay, but out of the 40 or so people there that were told they had no room many had paid in full for the hotel and were just left stranded. It may be
bubble_10	I booked this hotel before  reading the reviews.  My wife however read them afterwards and demanded I cancel the booking and find somewhere else, which I did.    Out of curiousity we went to look at Hotel Carter at 10:30pm just to see for ourselves just how bad it was.  I can still see the expression on my wife's face as we entered the lobby.  "What a delight this is", she sarcastically said. 'Shame we cancelled!!  (Ha! Ha!)  It has the most interesting decor I have ever seen!  The walls are covered in green carpet??!!    The 'floor' carpet was filthy and sticky, and there was a gathering of dirty, smelly tramps sat on the sofa's drinking meth's!!  There was also a stack of breeze blocks to sit on if you chose not to sit by the dirty smelly tramps. The place had a strange
bubble_30	As the sign says entering the Hotel Carter, "You Wanted In Times Square for Less" and you get what you pay for.  It is bizarre the way they decorated, floor rugs hanging on the wall (You kind of wonder what they are covering after curiously looking behind the pictures on our walls in the room,which covered holes)., crazy neon lights half burned out in the lobby, cheap christmas decorations in a display case before entering the lobby, etc.   Some plus sides to our stay at the Hotel Carter: - Upon checking in and finally arriving to our rooms after a 15 hour bus ride, we were suprised to find we were given a "suite" (the term can be used loosely there) when we had booked a double room.  It was great to have the extra room with four of us sharing a room. - We were on the 20th floor
bubble_30	I booked our room at the Hotel Carter before reading all of these reviews, and when I did read them, I regretted booking the room.  I was pretty nervous about taking my baby into this place that seemed absolutely terrible from the reviews.  I tried to find another hotel last minute, but everything was booked so I hoped for the best.  I recommend calling ahead and checking your reservation.  We were checked right in when we got there, very fast, no problems, went up to the room, elevator was fine, room had clean sheets and towels, it was really fine.  The furniture is old and ugly, the bathroom walls had mold, and the bathtub had rust.  You have to keep in mind, this hotel is 100 bucks in Times Square, it is worth it, just don't expect the omni or ritz.  Bring your own shampoo.
bubble_10	Seriously has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, ever.  The beds were disgusting, and the fire alarms don't work.  We were there one night and found out (after the fact) that a room that was two floors above us had caught on fire.  The hotel was supposedly evacuated, but there was never an alarm that sounded on our floor.  If you value your life, you will not stay here.  Believe me, it's worth the extra money to stay somewhere else.  This hotel should be shut down!
bubble_10	If u plan to make your New York experience memorable for all the wrong reasons, then this is the place to start. Had only 1 night booked in Manhattan and managed to pay 95 (approx 120) for arguably the greatest hole on earth. Took 3 attempts to get a made-up room.....and what I finished up with should have been condemmed. First 2 attempts (at a 6pm check-in) resulted in the rooms u'd swear it was hit by a bomb(cigarettes, tossed dirty sheets, rubbish everywhere). Eventually, after an irate conversation with receptionist (don't get me started here, as my decription of attitude won't get posted) I got a room that had filthy carpet, mould invested bath cutain, 1820 bed-spread (which probably had been cleaned in all those years), curtains that were filth, old and hanging off the
bubble_30	i have no qualms with this hotel. For a traveler who does not plan on spending much time in the hotel this is a very acceptable hotel. Priced right and quiet. Again if you are looking for comforts of home. TV,ice in your soda, warm snacks try somewhere else.
bubble_10	This was the most awful experience I've ever had.  I booked a room at the Carter via the Internet for one night, Nov.4-5.  I entered the Hotel Carter at around 6pm and it was utter chaos.  Guests were all over the lobby with their bags, due to the hotel having 'no clean rooms'. I approached one of the hotel workers and showed him my online reservation print out, without even glancing at it he said,"I'm getting sick of saying this to people, there are no clean rooms so you need to wait."  Than I noticed other people had their reservation papers in hand, and were without a room.  So I went up to another worker to try and get answers, since the other gentleman was apparently, 'sick of taking care of customers". This man explained to me that they had many late checkouts and the
bubble_20	just home from a 4 night stay in the carter hotel times square. There were a few problems to start with, but overall we were quite happy, bed linen clean, beds comfortable, shower and wc clean. not the marriot by any means, but worth a visit, ps location second to none!!!!
bubble_10	I regret to say that I stayed in this hotel last winter for one night, but I am proud (and VERY surprised) to say that I SURVIVED!  I reserved a room on the Hotel's website for $110 and was excited about what a great deal I had gotten...The photos on the website made this place look beautiful.  Upon my arrival, I realized that I had been scammed. We arrived at about 8:30 or 9:00 PM, and when I tried to obtain my reserved room, I was rudely told that they were sold out for the night. I asked the rude woman "what is the point of a reservation if you are not going to RESERVE a room for me?" and she still refused to offer us a room. We asked if they would accomodate us in another hotel since we were now stuck in NYC with nowhere to sleep and not enough money for the fancy hotels
bubble_10	We stayed 4 nights in this awful place. Dirty, old and falling apart are some of things we experienced. Staff was unfriendly and uncaring. The bathroom had not been cleaned and didn't flush properly and the smell of [---] in there was unbearable. We did ,however, get another room where the bathroom has been cleaned and was working. The carpet was dirty and disgusting. On the second last night before going to bed a cochrouch came wandering over the floor. I did not know what to believe. We will never ever choose this hotel again, that is a fact.
bubble_10	This place is the pits. Cockroaches in rooms, filthy and surly unhelpful staff. DO NOT STAY AT THE CARTER IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH. It should be closed down as a hazard to health. It is a big scam.
bubble_10	We stayed here for 5 nights. I had heard this hotel was "basic with a great location." The location is good but our room was dirty, the bathroom door had no handle on the inside, the cold water tap in the shower fell off when you tried to use it, there were gaps around the AC unit so there was a breeze coming in during the night. Two nights in a row we woke up to the sound of people fighting outside in the hallway. We never had our room cleaned the entire time we were there. You have to ask at reception if you need more toilet roll. The TV didnt work, the phone didnt work. The bed was really uncomfortable too and the duvet cover was all stains!!! Ive stayed in basic hotels before but this place was definately the worst. The staff are unhelpful and rude. Any local people I spoke
bubble_10	This hotels location was excellent, the state of the rooms was as expected as we read previous reviews so we were not expecting anything special.    We stayed there for 7 nights and they only cleaned our room once after asking them repeatedly.   What we did not count on was catching bedbugs.  We saw some bedbugs on the day we left and since then we have been eaten alive.  We we are now staying with friends and are at risk of infecting there house as well.  Be warned!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_30	I was really worried about staying at Hotel Carter after reading the reviews but I can say it wasn't any worse than I expected.  On arrival we were given the wrong room, it wasn't a problem to get it changed. The original room was worse than the one we ended up with. The bathroom and also the closet door didn't fit in the frame so didn't close properly and the toilet wasn't very clean looking. But the room we ended up with was better.   The room was clean, sheets, bathroom etc. The bathroom was in full working order. We stayed for 4 night and the maid came after two nights to clean and change sheets. Also the view wasn't bad.  We had no problem with the staff apart from the fact that they didn't speak great english, but we got by and understood. Was just more annoying than
bubble_10	I understand that you get what you pay for and for less than a hundred dollars a night near Times Square my expectations were very low.  They should have been lower.  The room was disgusting: pizza crusts and pisctachio shells everywhere, stains on the sheets, no maid service for four days but the worst was getting scammed by the staff.  They are all very rude to begin with, but one night a friend decided to stay with us in our room, at two thirty in the morning the front door guard banged on the door and said we had to pay him $20 for the fourth guest or get out of the room.  He wouldn't leave until we paid him the money.  Stay at a hostel or a YMCA for the same price or cheaper
bubble_30	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Carter. For less than 500 for a week the hotel was acceptable and fairly comfortable.  The location was perfect and literally steps from Times Square and minutes by subway from most other "must see" attractions.  We had read the other reviews before booking, so we were prepared for the worst; but our room was ok & we have stayed in worse (in Europe; Greece & Turkey).  The only thing that did get to us was the smell of the lobby and lifts.  This is due to a next door deli who cook fried food in an open kitchen & within a few days we were dreding the smell!  There were a couple of other problems (TV didn't work, bathroom door didn't close & no view or cleaner), but unlike other guests who seemed to expect 5 star service in a 1 star
bubble_10	What a disaster!  They woke us up at 1:30 in the morning to check if we had paid our bill!!   More like a youth hostel than an hotel.  NOT to be recommended!!!!
bubble_10	I will say the positives first: PRIME tourist location and the sheets looked clean.  Now, the negatives, like a reviewer below, I feel I survived this stay. It was only for one night, but 2 days later I still am shocked that i stayed there.  Yes, it is for the budget minded traveler and yes it said it was only 1 star, but I have stayed at better motels that were truly for the budget-minded.  Upon entry, you are assaulted with odors from the adjoining deli- falafels and fried grease is what it smells like.  Then the carpet throughout doesn't look like it's been vacuumed in ages.  The decor is a whole other story- tacky, but besides the point. The lobby is smelly and dingy and everything is severely old and messy looking.  The front desk clerk was friendly and they did hold my
bubble_10	i'm a brazilian turist guy... i'm usually travel 2 once a year for Europa and USA.... and sometimes i make my reservation in internet site. This one "tripadvisor" is a great one to see the true about some hotels in the world. Hotel Carter NY is in a nice localization, with u like to sty in Times Square.... good prices, but, everthing information about this place, everthing  (pics, service......) is a lie. See the real pics for my room p.s.: Be carreful with ur Travel Agent !!!
bubble_10	The rooms are dirty and old. The pictures we saw on internet, don't correspondate with the reality. Despite the information we already got from the forums, we were very disapointed.  Besite this, our goods have been stolen out of our room. With us, two Swedish couples had a break in. The manager, mister Abdullah was really rude to us. He wouldn't talk with us and tried to empty the computer with keyinformation. It was clear that somebody of his staf was responsible for this all.   When we arrived at the police voor a report, they were laughing when we told them we stayed in Carter Hotel. They asked us how we could pick the worst hotel in New York. They confirmed that it happened frequently that hotel Carter causes trouble.  A warning to all: spend some more money for a more safe
bubble_10	This was by far the worst hotel ive ever stayed in and i have stayed in many budget hotels across the world.  Me and my friend had jst finished a summer of working and flown in from Las Vegas on a late flight. We stated on our booking form we would arrive late. We arrived at 10:30. The lady at reception advised us we'd have to wait for someone to come and check us in....15 minutes later she herself told us our room had gone. There was one room left in the whole hotel. We went ahead and booked this room. As we were checking in a group of what can only be described as 'gangstas' haha walked in and started causing trouble and had to be threatened with the police to leave.   We finally made it up to the 14th floor. As soon as the lift door opened we saw that all the hotel room doors
bubble_30	I was very nervous about staying at the Carter after reading some of the on-line reviews AFTER I made my reservation.  For just over $100/ night staying 1/2 block off of Times Square you aren't going to be in the Ritz Carlton.  The whole place was old and dingy with some interesting stains on the walls and people in the lobby, but my room was tidy with fresh linens.  The bathroom was passable - bring your own soap.  I never saw a roach, mouse, or other unwanted roommate. The woman who checked me in was courteous and efficient and check-out involved turning in my key and walking out.  Overall, for NYC on a budget, I would stay again.
bubble_10	For Sale!!       T-Shirts "We Survived A Stay At The Hotel Carter!" Price: $15.99 US Sizes: XS,S,M,L,XL  So we were referred to Hotel Carter by a friend of a friend. We are not speaking to them anymore.  When we arrived at the hotel at 8:30pm we weren't sure they would honour our reservation. Finally we received a key to a room. We schlepped our bags up to the room, I opened the door to find that someone else was occupying that room. After another trip to reception we got  a key to a room of our own. ( See picture - You will notice it is much different than the ones on the website). And what a room it was! Very scary. Too bad they haven't invented "smellorama" for the internet.  Room service was a chinese restaurant.  No really.  The plaster was coming off the walls so it
bubble_20	Well check in was ok, paid cash up front and got a paper recipt...hmmm.  A deposit is required for the room key, but you do not get it back when you leave.  The room was renovated...probly 1979 I'd estimate.  Paint peeling off the walls...where they were not carpeted.  The sheets appeared clean, the blanket ended up on the floor quickly.  The bathroom would give Oscar the Grouch the hebbie geebies.  The shower was like being hosed by riot police.  There was a new hotel comfot feature I have never experienced.  They provide exfoliating towels!  I rigged the door when I left for the day and it looked as though some one was in the room.  Certainly not house keeping.  We had one poor signal channel on the TV...cartoons.  There is a parking garage across the street and if you go one
bubble_10	I knew we had made a bad decision on booking the hotel the moment we stepped foot into the place. The reception area ( i don't even know if we can call it that) was dark, there were stains on the walls, shady people standing around watching us, and rude workers. The worker at the front desk literally grabbed our money and threw us the key. while waiting in line to check in, there was a woman who was complaining about her showerhead which broke and fell on her while she was showering!!!   Graffiti in the halls and all over the doors and walls. We saw an old man.... literally 90 years old...who worked at the hotel  trying to sweep. was that housekeeping?  The rooms were no different from the nasty reception area. Weird rugs stappled to the walls, one single lightbulb with a chain
bubble_30	I think it has the best value over hostels in New York City. I don't mind that my room was not cleaned for 3 days. I was with a bunch of Irish students and we had just finished our summer camp. We have been coming to the hotel for awhile. We knew our expections. I truly came to admire the guy fella Abdul. He went out of his way to come to our room to take the garbage out (hint..our room was not made up for 3 days).   The coffee shop overcharges you. Guess what? go right across the street for cheap beer and food. Oh!!!! ask Abdul for passes to the W hotel nite club!!  Enjoy your vacation!!!  Emily Dublin
bubble_10	we changed three times the room before we left the hotel. We couldn't believe what we saw. The rooms were so dirty. The mattresses were broken, a lot of waste, bottles, tissues, dust, mud under the bed. Dirty walls. Mold on the wall. Stickier carpet. Dead flights. No clean bathroom.
bubble_30	Well I'd read all the reviews before we arrived and so i wasn't expecting a palace  -- and just as well. The Carter Hotel is in a great location; and the rooms were basic but adequate. i just wish they would spend a little time on cleaning.  Upon arrival, we realised that our room hadn't been vacuumed for probably months, so i went down to reception to ask to borrow a vacuum cleaner so I could do it myself. The reception staff seemed to think this was very funny, but said no, I couldn't borrow a cleaner but they would send someone up the next day. However we stayed there a week and we didn't see a cleaner in that whole time.   We loved all the weird decor; especially all the carpet up the walls.There did seem to be weird smells everywhere, but one slowly got used to these. the
bubble_40	$99 to stay on Times Square?! I can't for the life of me figure out all the complaints about the Hotel Carter. No, it's not the Marriott. My wife and I have stayed twice at the Carter and been happy both times. Our rooms were clean if basic, the TV and A/C worked, as did all the plumbing.  The building is old, the paint is old, the carpets stapled to the walls are funny, as are all the mis-matched furniture and even the gnarly security guard gives the place character. There's a cheap internet terminal in the lobby, the staff are helpful, there's a 24-hour deli right off the lobby with a HUGE selection of snacks and drinks, and Times Square is just 50 meters away.  Hotels are cheap for a reason, folks. This one is a bargain! I'd stay at the Carter again in a heartbeat. Next time
bubble_10	I stayed in Hotel Carter in October 2004.  It was bad.  The room was dirty, the bathroom was dirty, the lobby was dirty.  The desk staff were rude and the whole hotel smelt horrible.  I am writing this because I see that 2 years on with countless more awful reviews people are still staying at the Hotel.  I don't understand why.  I didn't know about trip advisor before my stay, I wish I had done!  If you read this before you book I would stronly recommend that you look elsewhere.  Some people say "but the price is amazing and the location is ace".  Trust me, this does not make up for the astonishing, shockingly awful condition of this place.  I really don't understand how it hasn't been shut down.
bubble_10	OK, its a cheap hotel, but over here in the UK, even a cheap cheap cheap hotel would come with clean linen, towels, a working telephone and windows that acually lock. Also we would experiance the 'delight' of a clean flushing toilet and clean shower/bath to wash in. A legal reauirement is also that the rooms must have smoke detectors in them plus an alarm at least outside the room to alert you that the place is on fire!  Obvioulsy the Hotel Carter owners have never been to the UK, or infact any other hotel! This place is quite shocking and would not look out of place in a hammer house of horror movie.  If you are travelling as part of a large group (safety in numbers) and you have no regard to your safety and you sleep in a sleeping bag and wash yourself with baby wipes and go
bubble_20	What can I say.  Cheap and central, we decided to go for the triple room (there was only 2 of us) because it was $10 cheaper than twin!?! they've probably fixed that pricing anomaly now.  the enterance is unmaintained and dingy the reciption hall there was a guy sleeping in the corner, drunk? didn't want to findout.  The woman was bit pissed off with us booking the triple room but hey she did honour the price and our backpacks were taken to our rooms by the porter (is it an american thing? to have a porter even in a dump of a hotel? )  Graffiti in corridor (see the pic), the walls were covered in carpet?!?! possible to hide stains or bullet holes, who knows, let your imagination run wild now :)  anyway the room was *HUGE* 2 double beds, aircon unit using half the window.  my
bubble_10	We booked a room through the hotel website.  The impression given was of a reasonably priced budget hotel.  Our first impression when we arrived was of rude and very unhelpful staff at the front desk.  After the money was snapped out of my hand the key was thrown at me and we went to our room.  Imagine our surprise to find someone was already in there.  We went down to tell them and had to join a very long queue of people complaining.  They gave us another room which had a very dodgy lock.  The shower was an absolute disgrace and i would not wash an animal in it for fear they caught something.  The website stated panoramic views of times square ,all our view consisted of was a brick wall. All in all a complete disgrace and should be shut down immediately.The only saving was a
bubble_20	It was all I could afford and it was fine.  I didn't encounter any of the problems others wrote about, but did feel a little nervous.  I'd agree with the reviewer who wrote it wasn't for the faint of heart.  But if you need someplace to sleep in NYC and don't have a lot of money, then it is fine.
bubble_40	Greetings Fellow Travelers! I just came back from a  weekened shopping trip to NYC and chose to stay at the Carter because I wanted to stay in a central area (Times Square) and most importantly... I had a budget of $150.00 per night including tax for my hotel stay. The Carter Hotel fit the bill. I went to their website and found that it was $10.00 cheaper a night then when I had phoned them earlier. I paid $105.00 a night including tax. this meant more money for shopping YEAH!   Here are the Pros: Big bed that was strangely one of the most comfortable beds i have slept on. Strong Powerful water in the shower. Air Conditioning was good for the heat wave that went through the city. Amazing view from the 21st floor. Concierge was very knowlegable and helped me map out my shopping
bubble_10	I went to New York with my uni friend and found a hotel to stay in, however, I had a last look to see if I could find a cheaper hotel...........and that lead me to booking the dump that is the Carter Hotel.  The appearance of our first room 2was very dingy, but manageable.  That was until the following morning........ I woke up about 7am and heard something scuttering by a large bag of american 'chips' I had brought. I was too scared to move....when I coulodn't hear it anym9ore I got out of bed and looked on the floor, there were mouse droppings and my bag of american chips had been opened by a mouse tearing at the bag and some of the crisps had been eaten too!  I went straight down to reception and the receptionists reply was " oh yes, didn't we tell you we had a mice problem
bubble_10	It's location is great and very accessible, but for its price, that's all you get in Time Square, location, as the Hotels surrounding this hotel are new and truly first class. For male students I guess it would be OK, but for daughters traveling on a trip to NYC, it is definitely a no. From the shabby lobby entrance with employees whom have an attitude (probably from all the constant complaints from the guests), the room that I had for one night was just terrible. From a filthy bathroom and a bed that I literaly slept with my clothes on for just one night before checking out, as the other room that I was offered was just as bad. Quite frankly, you are much much better of spending a few dollars more while staying in NYC, as I would not recommend this hotel even to my worst enemy.
bubble_10	I could not believe that there was a place like this. Absolutely disgusting and horrible. At the reception my fears started to get rreal. The door to the room was really bad and allthough the room was ok, one of the beds had a big red/brown stain on it.  The Aircon at the window didnt work, in fact the window was leaking so we almost frozed to death during the nights. Had to sleep with jeans, socks and a hat.  Showerdrain was stuck so the water wouldnt empty. Toilet was leaking whe we flushed.  After we arrived from our first night out on town, the police was about to storm the second floor. Shared the elevator with four och NYPDs finest.  WARNING!!!
bubble_10	I stayed here while on a church trip to the city. It was a group or 29 highschoolers and adults, so we needed someplace cheap to stay. The hotel was discusting. We got there, and found our rooms. Our room (me along with 3 other girls) was on the 6th floor and the rest of our group was on the 8th floor, so they moved us up there. We got to our 8th floor room and my friend sat on her bed, and it broke. One corner of it just fell too the floor. So I, just kidding, said "lets make it even" so i sat on the other side, and it broke! The bed was now on an incline. My bed tilted to the side. So the people at the dest told us that they would fix our beds that night, and moved us up again to the 11th floor. One girl was taking a shower in our 11th floor room, (all the bathtubs are painted
bubble_30	We stayed at the Carter for 3 nights with 3 people in a so called 'suite' which was basically two (pretty small) rooms with a bathroom in between with a total of 3 beds (2 doubles and 1 queen). The room (including the stuff in it) was old and only 1 of the 2 tv's was working. The bathroom was nice and clean and we had a PERFECT shower, better then my shower at home. A/C was working properly too! We had 2 A/C's, one in each bedroom.  We also had a very big balcony, however the only way to get on the balcony was by climbing out of the window which is not a problem at all for three people in the ages of 22-24. In some reviews I read that people were complaining about 'the smell of death' and people hanging out in the hotel who probably don't belong there. I did not experience any
bubble_40	The location was perfect - right in Times Square.  The price was also right - 4 of us in a Quad Room for $130 plus tax.  But it was a dump!  For us, it was a place to sleep.  The tv didn't work.  the room was tiny even for NYC standards.  But we were just in the room to sleep. I had read the other reviews and knew what this was to be but it was super cheap in the right location. In the future, we'll try Priceline or staying in the suburbs and taking the train into the city.
bubble_10	Okay, we knew it was not going to be the Ritz, but we surely underestimated this place!  In fact we changed rooms because our first one was up on a rather high level and we could smell an electrical fire around somewhere.  We decided to change rooms to a lower level and let the reception know.  This was the best we could do as it was marathon weekend so even if we had wanted to switch hotel, there was no availability!  The new room was still terrible.  I think we (2 girls) were both terrified of dying there!  The people were unfrendly, the rooms scary and I even witnessed fights in the reception!  Our television was plugged in with steel wool!  The toilet actually overflowed onto the floor, we supplied our own toilet paper.  One bed had a huge hole in it and the other only had 3
bubble_10	We weren't expecting much for $99 a night in NYC but please!  The bathroom had a dead cockroach when we arrived.  The plug in the bathroom was broken and the only other one was where the TV with 3 channels was plugged in to.  The "concierge" was useless. Our smoke detector was in the drawer with the battery laying beside it. The kicker was when I requested towels, since there is no maid service ,and the clerk behind the desk told me he hated me as he headed off to get the towels using a few choice profanities for my group.  Your taking your chances for sure.  The best is they send an email hoping they met all your expectations.  HA!
bubble_30	If you want to be in Times Square for under $140 then go for it but if you want a nice or decent place this is NOT it. No smoke alarms or AC in any unit
bubble_10	Well, what can you say about the Hotel Carter that hasn't already been said?  The place is a dump.  However, i have stayed there at least a half-dozen times over the past few years and would probably go back again given the necessity.  The hotel is perfectly situated about a half block from the heart of Times Square with resturaunts and Subway stations near-by.  There is also a great little Deli on the ground floor where you can get pretty decent food and the price is hundreds less than you would pay at other hotels in that area.  Make no mistake:  Hotel Carter is NOT for the faint of heart.  I have never stayed in a room there that didn't have problems and i HAVE encountered needles and condoms in the stairwell (which i was only "exploring" because the elevator didn't work).
bubble_10	The Hotel Carter is what I would classify as a bit of a con.  It is unfortunate, but their website does not even remotely reflect the level of quality of this dump.  Upon initial arrival, we had to park our vehicle in the garage below the hotel which resembled a cave or Bastille dungeon more than a parking garage.  Entering the hotel, the lobby reminded me of a casino, complete with what appeared to be bulletproof glass (that did wonders for the confidence in the safety of the place!)  The $1 charge for a room key seems a bit strange to me...how are you to get into your room without a key?  Entering the room was perhaps the worst disappointment of any traveler.  Let me preface by saying that for $115, usually I would expect a decent hotel, but recognize that New York pricing is
bubble_10	I was born and raised in NY and my daughter has wanted to see NY.  Well, my husband and I and our 2 daughters age 8 and 4 went to NY and were there from the 16th - 20th of April 2006.  We were in NY for our anniversary, so that was great too.  My husband and I wish we would have checked on TripAdvisor for this hotel before we left and didn't.  We saw their website and the room they showed was nice and they are in the heart of Times Square and so we chose them.  When we got to the hotel, the lobby was a bit interesting but I thought....to each his own....then we go up to our room....what on earth!!! was all I thought.  The room was small with a King bed on one side and a double on the other.  The sheets had holes in them as well as the comforter....and I mean big holes.  It was
bubble_10	When a group of 4 Girl friends thought about going Shopping to NYC..We used Trip advisor to search for a Good Cheap Hotel... We read the comments about the Carter Hotel and Laugh and thought ..Nahh it can be that Bad...  We saw the photos  and made reservation at another Hotel...but when we were walking Times square ..we decided to check the Hotel...  The Lobby is dark, ugly, decorated with all kind of odd wall papers..different patches of carpets, the Hotels stinks like a damp old building....  Next to the checking counter ..There was a BOLOK sign...Be on the Look out for this Guy...He is a Thief is you see him..Please call the NYC Police at 212-***-****....  We Couldn't believe our eyes..Thanks Trip Advisor....  I guess this is a ok.... Hotels for Males Only...
bubble_10	It is a really old building just off of Times Square.  Great location, the blue A,C,E trains were a 1/2 block one way and Times Square station was a 1/2 block the other way.  The hotel was old, but the room was small, but nice.  Nice king bed, very clean bathroom, awesome view from the 17th floor of the New York skyline and the George Washington bridge.  It goes downhill from there though.  The TV was old and most channels didn't come in well at all.  there were people fixing the street and the jackhammers started early in the morning.  We didn't get maid service until the Tuesday, after having checked in on Saturday and that was only after I complained twice, though we did get maid service each day after until we checked out on Sunday.  On Thursday night when we came back the
bubble_10	We planned to stay in this hotel for two nights in september but after checking in we soon changed our minds! Every hotel was booked out in New York for the nights we needed because George Bush was in town but even that didnt stop us demanding a refund and leaving the Carter hotel. When we checked in at 12 pm we were allocated a room and told it may not be serviced but to go on up and it would be serviced as soon as possible. i work in a hotel, and to me this seemed crazy! checking somebody in to an unserviced rooms is madness, how do they know that there arnet dirty needlees or used condoms still in the room!. When we got to the room the bed had been slept in and the bathroom clearly had been used so we left our stuff in the corner, adivsed reception we wanted our room serviced
bubble_20	My husband and I used to live in NYC but have sinced moved.  We got tix to a show at Madison Square and needed a place to crash at the last minute.  We booked because the hotel was about $300 cheaper than any other hotel we could find and the location was central.   We walked into a lobby that looked like a transit hub to purgatory.  Lots of people complaining of overbooked rooms.  One guy was yelling that he paid for a single room but was now sharing it with at least 2 rats.  A tour group that just flew in from Omaha and looked shell shocked.    Our room was pretty shoddy but functional.  We were only there for one night so it wasn't too bad for the price and location.  We've both traveled extensively in 3rd world countries, so the old musty sheets, worn carpeting and hole in
bubble_10	Before booking a room at the famous Carter Hotel NY. I read a few comments made on Tripadvisor on the conditions of the rooms.  But thought, what do you expect from a budget Hotel! Im not new to staying at budget accommodation.  But this place just shocked the hell out of me.  We had to be moved from three different rooms. First room had a leaking toilet.  Every time we flushed the toilet water would flow out of the pipes like a fountain. Second room had a musky damp odour which we couldn't stand. Finally we agreed to stay in the third room they offered, because we had just flown 19 hours from Australia and didn't want to sleep on the street. The room was okay, except it was very noisy, the sheets were stained, matress had holes, furniture was broken and all the walls were
bubble_30	I am not sure how to rate this hotel.   Honestly you could give this hotel a zero rating. But it could also get a high one. My wife and I thought it was excellent. How does this work??? Simply by being cheap and in possibly the best location in NYC. If you want to be dead centre NYC you surely cannot do any better. Less than 100 yards to times square and 100 yards to the port authority bus station where the airport shuttle drops, it really is ideal.  We booked this hotel fully expecting it to be awful. The next best for us (we were there for four days just before christmas 2005) was in new jersey. It seems that in NYC you either get cheap digs or expensive hotels.  We decided to go for the cheap digs and it was one of the best decisions we ever made.   Forgetting the surly staff
bubble_10	I traveled to NYC as part of a tour trip, and we stayed at the Hotel Carter to save money. Yea, it's great that we were only a block from Times Square, but it wasn't worth it. Walking in, I could have sworn that we were in a movie theater, not a hotel. The elevator was rickety, but I'm pretty sure there weren't any stairs in the building. When we first got to our room, we opened the door, and instantly thought it was still occupied, because it hadn't been cleaned yet. The doors looked as if they could be broken in. The room was tiny, and the bathroom door didn't work. The phone and TV did not work. When we peeled back the sheets of the bed, we found them stained and covered in hair. Another room had a hole in the bed that looked like it had been chewed by a rodent of some kind.
bubble_10	Where do I begin...O.K., I am a recent college graduate so keep in mind that on the previous five spring breaks I have attended I have stayed in some pretty nasty dumps...THIS IS THE WORST OF ALL! First, they charge you for room keys (I thought when you rented a hotel room you get a key with the room charge???) I didn't mind the fact the building was old, but it definately didn't look safe or like it would pass any fire code.  On the way up to the rooms we passed many doors which had been punched in. Then, as we got closer to our room a room full of about ten or more very young looking girls dressed rather "escortish" asked if we were moving in next door!!! What, people move into this hotel on a regular basis apparently.  Once we told her no all she said was well brace
bubble_10	we had booked to stay in the hotel carter, when i looked it up on the web and saw what the rooms were like we couldnt stay. we had booked it for 14 nights,we are so glad that we looked here first before we went as it would of ruined our holiday. if anyone is wanting to stay here dont change your resevations like me
bubble_10	Some visiters found this hotel to be very comical,but there is nothing funny about smelly DIRTY rooms with broken windows when you have a little child with you...And the bathroom...lets not even go there.It is cheap yes,but, still you should get more for a 100 dollars.Hotel Carter was the worst hotel i have ever stayd in.It really ruined our visit to NYC.NY hotels seem to VERY expensive but if low budget hotels are like Hotel Carter,do pay more for a better hotel and make your stay much more PLEASENT.Or go somewhere else.WE moved on to Japan ,paid 180 dollars for a 5 star hotel in Tokyo.And they say Tokyo is expensive...
bubble_20	Okay, lets start off, hotels in NYC are expensive, I stayed here with my travel group because it was pretty cheap.  However, if you are unable to deal with some less that desirable conditions, stay somewhere else.  The ceiling in the front lobby was dripping water, in one of the rooms the bathroom door wouldn't shut because it didn't fit into the door frame, we found a used condom in one room, and a pair of pants in another, a chunk of ceiling plaster fell on my friend when she was getting out of the shower, there was only one channel on the TV and I don't think it had sound, rat poison under the beds in all rooms my group stayed in.  All of this sounds bad but we took it all in stide and joked about it.  But what do you expect?  Its $100 a room just steps from Times Square!  I
bubble_40	I stayed at the Hotel Carter at the end of feb to beginning of March 2006.  After reading previous reviews here, I was regretting my stay in New York very much. But don't worry, and DO NOT let the negative reviews make you dread your stay in New York.  The hotel was clean enough for my boyfriend and I to stay in, and I'm a very picky person. The view was nice from the window, the sheets clean and the king size bed was HUGE!! The bathroom was fine to my standards, and we got a few channels on TV, TBS being the one that I recommend- there are loads of sitcoms on all day.  When checking in we were greeted by a young girl at the desk, who was very helpful and pleasant. During the stay, we unfortunatly came across one of the other receptionists - and older chinese woman, who is quite
bubble_10	Last december they had over booked the hotel. We queued for two hours to get to a dirty room where there was not sheets enough. And we were lucky not to get a completely destroyed room with flees. Some rooms had people already staying in them. In one room the window was broken. A total nightmare.
bubble_50	I just returned from a weekend at the Hotel Carter in New York.  I have to add that this is the second time we have stayed here in 6 months, and we will continue to stay there in the future!  While it is true that the hotel could use some major updating and renovating, for the location and for the price, it is a good value.  We checked in and were given the key to our room, which was clean, and warm and comfortable and had an amazing view of the skyline!  The curtains were a little waterstained, and looked like something from a circus tent, and someone had vandalized the picture hanging over the bed, but we were not there for the picture or the curtains!  If you want atmosphere, stay in the Ritz or the Hilton.  If you want a cheap place to stay right by the theaters, Times
bubble_30	After spending a month travelling Australia staying in backpackers hostels,living in a house with no heating in Queenstown,NZ, during their winter months for 2 months, and staying on an island in Fiji where our accomodation resembled a WW2 ration shack, myself and my best friend flew to New York City with dreams of spending our hard earned cash in a civilsed hotel in one of the most visited cities in the world.We had not pre-booked a hotel, relying on our fly-by-the seat of our pants attitude to find us somewhere decent which had served us well til that point.As I had been to NYC before (with my parents, where I stayed in the very recommended Le Parker Meridien) I knew enough about the city to suggest staying as central as possible,and compromising any luxury for proximity to
bubble_10	I'm a girl from Germany and I stayed at Hotel Carter in Sept 2005 for 5 nights. It was the most awful experience regarding hotels that I have ever made in my life, and I have travelled quite a lot. When I arrived, they gave me a key to a room that was still occupied by someone. The room stank, as if someone had thrown up and it stank of cigarettes, too. The room was a total mess, with filthy clothes everywhere. I thought "oh my god, do they always give the keys to a room that is occupied ? Will someone march into my room the next time ?" The next room, which I then stayed in, was also filthy, there was no furniture in it that was not broken. There was a small cuboard, where you could put your clothes and there was a big brown sticky puddle on the floor, the size of a car tire.
bubble_10	Just a note to say that i stayed in Hotel Carter for one night as i couldn't spend another night in it. Its a nightmare! The place smells of grease due to the fact there is a kebab shop almost in the lobby. Also the rooms are just vile, i actually have never experienced anything like it in my life.This is the third hotel i've stayed in New york, and i know some of the hotels can be a bit run down but this is just ridiculous.The covers looked filty i ended up sleeping on my towels instead.The paint is peeling off all the walls. And the lift is constantly breaking down. The staff aren't that friendly, but in all fairness i wouldn't be smiling either if i had to work there. I know its cheap and the location in great but i don't think its worth the hassle.Its well worth spending the
bubble_10	The only good thing about the place was that the bed was comfy.  Shame as the building is great and a refurb would make the hotel FAB!  Location is perfect.
bubble_10	I stayed at this hotel a few years ago with some friends and according to the recent reviews it hasn't changed. The front desk is enclosed with a glass barrier and the staff are very rude and unhelpful. The rooms are very dirty and the beds uncomfortable. The worst thing though was that one of my friend's belongings were stolen by a hotel employee - yes everything; clothes, toiletries, passport, the lot. They just left his empty suitcase in the room and locked the door behind them. The front desk were not interested so we had to call the police who got nowhere with the staff either. The police said that they were frequently called to this hotel for one reason or another. Even if you're on a very tight budget do not stay here, really.
bubble_10	I know you may be looking at this review and saying wow, that's a book! Well my friends, I could certainly write one about this place. I invite you to read my story, for it will teach you, and hopefully entertain you. Well, let me say that the previous reviews for this "hotel" are right on the money. My mother and I had no other choices to stay at except for this "hotel". The reason I put hotel in quotation marks is because I feel Hotel Carter should not be considered a hotel, motel, or place to stay at by any means...it should be called a demolition project or something of the sort!! First of all, there is no PARKING provided by this "hotel". Before we reached this "hotel", we called and asked about where we park. The guy said "I don't know, I don't have a car". Wow, that was
bubble_10	I stayed here for 3 nights with friends, and it was absolutely disguisting.  The room was far worse than the most disguisting dorm room I could imagine.  The sheets all had holes in them, the TV didnt work, heat did not work very well, the walls were stained and dirty and the overall quality of the room was poor (at best).  The staff in the lobby was rude, unfriendly and completely unaccomodating.  For a hotel in the middle of Times Square you would think they would take pride in providing their customers with decent rooms, but apparantly not.  WHen I went up to my room the walls around me were replusive ... exposed pipes, dirty chipped walls and broken doors.    I would never recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a decent place to stay the night in New York.
bubble_20	We stayed in July 2004 and ok, I admit there was 1 cockroach in our bathroom, we flushed it down the toilet but it came back. And yes the staff are a bit frightning and unreasonable, they wanted a deposit for something most hotels wouldn't, can't remember what it was now, but the night porter formidable as he looked, walked us to our room each evening and I felt perfectly safe. The room was old but not really dirty, the window didn't shut amazingly well but shut it did, the view was terrible and had there been a restaurant I wouldn't have eaten there, but c'mon you're in NYC, the city that doesn't sleep! It's just a place to keep your stuff and get the odd 40 winks. You get what you pay for folkes, if you buy primark tops don't expect them to be mistaken for chanel! There's a TV
bubble_10	We reserved a room at the Hotel Carter in New York City through Expedia.ca on Nov. 6th, 2005.   Upon our arrival at noon on Nov. 11th, we were assigned Room 1932 which we found unmade, dirty, lacking curtains, and having an unpleasant odor. We were then given the key to Room 822 which we found occupied, so finally we got Room 821 which also needed cleaning, but we were assured it would be done soon. After several reminders, we finally requested sheets and towels, and we proceeded to make our own beds.   The room was not in good shape  the bathroom door did not close, the window fell into the room when we opened it, the two stands were missing drawers, there was no radio or lamp, no amenities of any kind (soap, tissues, etc.). We realize this was a basic hotel, but there is no
bubble_10	Absolutely disgusting.  This is the filthiest most depressing place I have ever seen in my life.  I stayed for one night and then checked out.  I cannot begin to explain how horrible the conditions are in this hotel.  I kept thinking "am I still in America or have I time-warped into a third world country??".  How this place passes inspection is beyond me.  Be sure your shots are up to date!  YUCH!
bubble_10	This hotel is beyond words! The other reviews on this website are 100% true. The hotel was dark, miserable and in need of refurbishment. The smell as you walk in from the adjacent restaurant was enough to put us off.   We ended up checking out on our second day. We had booked in for a whole week. We had to stay because we were so tired. I've stayed in some pretty bad hotels but this beat them all. You can't beat the location but it will ruin your stay in NY if you end up here.   The door to our room didn't lock very well. Our neighbours kept trying the door that connected our rooms. There was a massive hole in the wall next to my bed and to top things off the bed sheets were the property of St Thomas hospital!!  I took the sheets off the bed which not only were stolen but had a
bubble_20	We stayed in the carter over new year 2005/6. yes it is run down and could do with a make over, but the bed linen and towels were clean and fresh, the shower was hot and water plentiful, housekeeping came round to change the sheets etc. the room was small and a little scruffy but the location is brilliant. what do people expect at this price in New york? so we only had 3 TV channels and no shampoo etc in the rooms, big deal.I have stayed in worse hotels in the Uk you do not go to NY to stay in your hotel room.
bubble_50	I also just want to give my review of the Carter Hotel.  I'm a 20 year old guy from Denmark, me and my buddy traveled around the US for a month and when we were in New York we stayed at the Hotel Carter.  Rooms: The room was plenty big for the two of us. We basicly just used the room for sleeping. What else do you use a hotel room for when you're in the City that Never Sleeps. I mean, if you're on vacation in New York, then its stupid to stay in your room the whole time. You need to be out on the streets of New York, sightseeing! The room had beds and drawers for the clothes. The bathroom was OK, but of course not a luxury condition. It had water for brushing your teeth, a toilet to do you stuff and a place to take a shower. What more could a man ask for???  Service: The service
bubble_10	Dingy old rooms,horrible staff...only good thing is that it is located right on Times Square
bubble_10	I had read the reviews on the Carter Hotel when looking at staying in New York, yet, I still went ahead and booked it.  I thought that maybe some people were just too picky... but the reviews were right.  All reviews I had read stated that this hotel is in a fantastic location - right in Times Square and in the middle of the action but the hotel itself was awful.  The other hotels we looked at online were so expensive, so the Carter Hotel was a good, cheap option.  When we arrived, flashbacks of the reviews I read came instanly to mind. I thought.. I should have believed them.  The staff at the hotel are extremely rude and abrupt. It took about 20 mins of standing at the reception desk for someone to acklowedge our existence - there were 4 people behind the desk who continuely
bubble_20	Me, my Boyfriend and a couple of Friends stayed at the Carter Hotel from 26th December - 31st December 2005, and I was absolutely terrified of staying in this Hotel from reading all the terrible reviews about it!!  All I wanted was a Hotel that was clean and safe as we weren't going to be spending hardly any time at all in the Hotel, only to sleep!!  When we arrived, we noticed a nasty stench that came from the little shop next door (an old burning oil smell!) and the decoration is very old & not very nice, but that didn't matter, we weren't staying there!!   We had no problems at all with checking in.  We were greeted by Abdul who is the Security Guard and we had a good laugh with him and the man at Check-In.  My Boyfriend and I were put in a room on the 20th Floor, and our
bubble_30	My boyfriend and I spent 5 nights in the Carter Hotel in November 2005. We had booked 3 weeks before travelling and had not read a single review until about a week before the trip. I must say after having read numerous reviews on this website, I was terrified at the prospect of having to spend 5 minutes in what sounded like a close 2nd to the Bates Motel in the 'house of horror' stakes! However, I must say that I was pleasantly surprised.   First impressions were not great as the worst thing about the place was probably the lobby. It is extremely outdated and gaudy looking. However, we checked in with no problems at all. Furthermore, we had no problems with any of the staff for the duration of our stay. We actually had very little to do with them but when we did approach them we
bubble_10	We had a reservation at the Carter Hotel for December 30, and were actually contemplating staying there for the 2006 New Year celebration. That was until we saw the room. It was far beyond dirty. Insanitary would be the right description. I'll spare you the details, but let's just say that I have never seen a filthier bathroom except in college dorms. We informed the reception and asked if they could send the cleaning crew upstairs. The answer was NO, so we left and, needless to say, forfeited our one-night deposit. My advise to you all: don't be fooled by the very reasonable price and stay away from the Carter until they make a serious effort to clean up their rooms.
bubble_20	Stayed at this hotel Dec 22 thru Dec 31.. Check in early in the morning of the Dec 22, and the lady was very business like, but NOT rude.. Sheets were clean, Tv got CNN for news, my complaint was that the tub did not drain good.. We had hot water, flushing toilets,    But when you are using the room just to sleep and shower, what more do you want. I went to NYC for the holidays to see the sights, not to sit in my hotel and 1/2 block from Times Square.  We paid under 120 p/night all taxes included..I could not find anything close to that in the same area with private bath.     Needed a light bulb changed in the bath, and it was done without question, and with a smile.   I never saw any "rodents" as other reviews have stated, and YES if you look around you may see a "lady of the
bubble_10	when we first arrived at the hotel Carter we were greeted with animal rights activists protesting in the lobby of this hotel, we thought this to be slightly wierd but we gave it a chance. the next thing we found was there wasnt enough beds for our group...so there we were sat in a lobby with wall to wall carpeting watching some guy glue new carpets (rugs) to the floor over the old ones with the luminecent glow of the neon lights around the walls learning we would be spending the next few nights sharing beds with our friends. this could have been a simple error as we were a big party, being on a school art trip. it wasnt until later that we found out how closely we would be sharing these rooms i.e. 11 to a twin room. if that was a simple error to the hotel what greeted us next
bubble_10	My gf and I initially booked Carter for 10 nights but changed to 1 night (New Year's Eve) after reading the reviews. Let's say I'm thanking my lucky stars!  We gave Carter the benefit of the doubt despite the heaps of negative reviews about hygiene, cleanliness and even an odd case of insect infestation. But let me say that they weren't kidding!  While some of the staff were okay, the old African-American doorman at the front was so sweet I felt bad he had to carry our heavy luggage. However, when checking in the guy at the front desk told us to wait 5-10mins since they couldn't check anyone in because they were "changing shifts." For the next 15mins I sat in the dirty, tacky lobby while the people at the front desk didn't do anything! No changing of personnel despite what he
bubble_10	I am writing my review in an effort to deter at least one person from staying here. This was the worst hotel I have ever been in. Let me start off by saying when I checked in, with my reservation confirmation in hand, they told me they did NOT have my reservation. Upon making entry into the room, I noticed the dry wall was dripping on the ceiling. The room smelled like an animal had died in there. The bedspread, if you can call it that, had FLUID stains on it. The bed sheets had what appeared to be a blood stain. The carpeting was filthy. I entered the bathroom and found unfinished plumbing. The drains failed to do that....drain. The shower fixtures were MISSING, not to mention the shower rod was being held up by a rubberband....that's right folks a RUBBERBAND. During our FIVE
bubble_10	I agree with all the comments on this hotel and more.  It is the worst place we have ever come across.  Being world travellers, and having in stayed in 5 star down to motel standard, this hotel is the most disgusting sleeze of New York.  We cannot believe it is still operating, but believe me guys, by the time I have finished, it hopefully won't be!  Run by a consortium of asians, one of whom is dictatorial, who are out to fleece people is an understatement.  They seem to lure people through agents at an agreed rate, but when you check in, they tell you that the rate agreed is not their rate, and charge you more.  This `racket', especially applies to New Year.  Because the hotel is in a prime location, it is supply and demand. They know people will have a hard time finding any
bubble_20	On 1st December 2005 I waited at Heathrow for 3 hours before boarding my flight to New York. Onboard I sat in a seat which was snug to say the least.  The cabin was full of engine noise and stale air.  I ate my food off my lap and played "elbows" with the passenger beside me for the next seven hours.  The toilets, slightly larger than a coffin  required a degree of concentration to hit the target.  The water dribbled out of the tap and the floor was covered in soggy paper towels.  When we got to the Carter Hotel we were booked in immediately.  We went to our room on the 22nd floor and found it to be adequately spacious with hot and cold running water in the bathroom. The bath had been meticilously cleaned so often that the enamel was worn through.  The towels were like
bubble_10	about 20 of us visited new york for a sixth form art trip in november. oh dear were the first words my classmates uttered when we entered the carter hotel. they were glueing rugs to the lobby floor when we came in after two coaches & a long plane ride. full of excitment we shrugged off the tacky decor & set our bags down. now i wish we would have turned around & run out at this  point. when checking in we were told our rooms weren't ready. an hour later they confessed they didint have enough rooms. we were promised 2people per room & a double bed each. when i ended up sharing with 6 other girls i was not to pleased! 7 girls 3 beds 1 bathroom the size of a kitchen cupboard 1 broken mirror & 3 electrical plugs which we were to scared to use as sparkes flew out of them regularly.
bubble_10	This place is a shabby hell whole with a very fortunate location.  Whilst this is a budget hotel there is no excuse for the following.... (it costs more than a travel lodge to give you perspective)  The oriental staff at reception are *incredibly rude* and unhelpful.  Only book if you like :- 1) Plaster falling off the walls in your room. 2) Dirty handprints on your walls. 3) Linen that isnt changed during your stay. 4) Unhelpful staff. 5) Double bookings. 6) Dodgy electrics. 7) TV that doesnt work properly.  Whilst this place is sneezing distance from times square,  it is still a nightmare on NewYears eve as the street gets shut off by NYPD.  You are much better staying outside of Times Square and using the subway, or walking.  Fortunately we weren't double booked, but we saw
bubble_30	I went to New York with my boyfriend in august 2005. We visited this site before we booked a room and went horrified while reading some of the reviews. So we just wrote down the address and didn't book a room til we got to New York. I should also add that neither one of us were 21 at the time. We had heard that it'd be real hard to get a room when you're under 21. So we got a room at the cosmopolitan hotel but could only stay there for a night since they were booked. So we had no choice but going to Hotel Carter. We loved the atmosphere in Time Square, so we were on a good mood when we arrived to the hotel.   The person who helped us check in were a Latino guy, a very friendly and helpful person without overdoing anything. The hotel looked desperate for a makeover. So we checked
bubble_30	the hotel of your dreams that is if your dreams are nightmares the daily entertainment at the lobby when people are checking in his priceless. the best show on broadway and a ringside seat the hotel is basic and they offer you the worst room then offer you another one you won't get any that are up to date but you will get one that you can cope with eventually. it is cheap and the carpets are old and dirty and the porter bellboy locksmith security guard does sleep in the lobby with old coats on top of him and he cleans up sometime busy man now you know why its a bit dirty the plus points are right in middle of times square its cheap you will not get thrown out ask abdul for any thing you need if he can he will get it. sit at reception and enjoy the show take ashower late on and
bubble_20	wow!! I think we must have stayed in the Hotel Carter Penthouse!! It is a very basic hotel. The Spanish guy who worked on the desk at the night was nice enough as was the young Asian girl.   There is internet access in the lobby, which is quite cool. Its great if you don't mind the 60+ year old black guy who comes up to you while you're typing telling you how he doesn't hate anybody and gibbers to himself!! He was sat next to me just talking fast to himself before talking to me. Oh, silly me, i forgot to tell you that he is the night watchman/ security person. He was a nice guy and always said hello even though i wasn't sure about the guy. The New York cops were in the lobby twice while we stayed, including an undercover cop escorting somebody out in the elevator!  Anyway here
bubble_10	This hotel is rubbish. it is dirty, with some very disturbing smells eminating from the bathroom. and the corridors. and the lobby. under our bed was roughly ten years of filth and debauchery. i had to drink just to be able to sleep there - it is that bad. the 'wildlife' was more friendly than the staff, but i'm undecided as to whether this was a good thing or not. please please avoid this --- at all costs unless you like infections.
bubble_20	I had read the reviews on this site, so I really was expecting to leave with some weird disease. We arrived late afternoon and had a prompt check in, didn't find the staff rude, to the point but not rude. The room wasn't the Hilton but come on its cheap. The bed was really comfortable and the sheets clean. The bathroom was functional.  Be honest, when your in a city like New York how much time do you really spend in your room, very little I would hope. So stop giving it a hard time it ain't all bad. The only thing I would say is check out the carpet and not just on the floors !!?? Go if your on a budget and don't if your not.
bubble_10	Well the first thing you will notice about this hotel is the smell of stale fat from the cafe they share with it... then in the lobby the people that run the hotel cannot speak a word ofenglish so that does not help... the lift was fast that was probably the best thing about it... we stayed in room 803 and when we got there... the bathroom door did not shut properly.. there was mould on the wall by my bed that had been painted over... there was no heating... the draws were broke and the closet door did not close... the television didnt work... the sink in the bathroom leaked.... the good thing going for our room was that we had hot water... unlike some people we spoke to in the lift... and the location was good as it was like 2 seconds from times square... but my god dont stay
bubble_10	Disgusting- I understood that this was a budget hotel but they stuck tissue in the cracks of the windows to block the drafts, the carpets were from a kids room, the TV didn't work, the pillow cases had not been changed ( they smelled like someone's head) we checked out after 3 hours and drove home- 3 hours away! DO NOT STAY HERE!  It's better to coough up a few more bucks for better accomodations.
bubble_10	hello im writting this review of the HORRIBLE carter hotel, sure its cheap but its ugly, dirty and the pepole that work there are rude. My mom, sister and me are from Guatemala city and where on vacations, the travel agency checked us in but as soon as we arrived saw the dump that it is, i really dont know how it is even open, we stood in line but we began hearing comments of people wanting back their money and that wanted to go to another hotel, so we didnt stay there, we paid in advance for 6 nights and didnt want to give us a refund, they didnt know how to do that insted they passed the credit card twice (inteligent people) anyway i had to argue for about half an hour with the woman in the front desk to explain her how to do a refund... it was a horrible expierience, NY
bubble_10	Subject: Carter Hotel Location: new york city Title: should be HORROR HOTEL ID#: 4246682  no hot water for 2 days, they gave everybody a gallon of bottled water  and called it good!  toilets didn't flush, people were leaving bottles  of urine in the elevators (i have pictures).  staff really doesn't  care.  no housekeeping, clean towels or clean sheets. probably the most  disgusting room i've ever spent the night in.   just step into the lobby and you can see you're in BIG TROUBLE!
bubble_10	well.........  wat can i say  the first thing that hits u is the smell of the lobby.......  the the lift feels like it was ready to break down at any moment...... the corridoors were like something from a prison......and as for the room     i would not let a rat live in it    we booked in for 4 nights  we did not stay 4 minutes......it should b shut down
bubble_30	I had the opportunity to stay at the hotel. My first impression opps I made a mistake. Anyway let me live by my mistake. I was checked in by a young asian girl who was nice to me and honest by advising that this is a budget hotel. I went to my room which was on the 21st floor. Had a heck of a view!! I realised that my primary visit is to shop and see New York and just a place to sleep. They cleaned my room on the 2nd day. I accepted. I had misplaced my key but I had the opportunity to meet the rude Asian old lady. I took it in strides.   I was very impressed by the black guy working at the security guy. His name is Abdul. He not only told me the easiest to take the subway to Kennedy Airport but also gave me a map of New York and even told me where to get good deals on jeans and
bubble_30	I stayed at the Carter Hotel with my partner for 3 nights, and it werent that bad, we arrived in the early hours of the morning and only had to wait 10 minutes for our room and the hotel staff were ok with us.  Dont get me wrong yes it does need work doing to it, but for the price you are paying and for the location what do you expect!  You are only 2 minutes away from Times Square!  Our rooms were basic but had everything you needed, we had a bed (which the sheets were clean) and a bathroom, at the end of the day you dont go to New York to stay in your hotel room.  Yes it does smell when you first walk in but thats because there is a cafe ajacent to the hotel (which the food was quite nice).  For the 3 days we were there the hotel was always busy with people coming and going,
bubble_10	If you have booked to stay at the Carter Hotel, Times Square, New York cancel it now.  You would be best staying in the local zoo with the animals.  This hotel is shabby, unclean (dirty sheets ironed), a death threat with the electrics and if you are lucky you can have mice dancing on your suitcase.  The owners and staff are oriental and gain the OSCAR for the rudest people in New York.  We arrived at 4pm Monday 5 December 2005 and after asking for an alternative room, which was worse than the first one, booked out at 6.20pm.    Luckily we had american cousins staying in New York that week so had some contacts but otherwise we would of stayed in the train station!!!  Not one person in the hotel that I spoke to in 2 hours was happy.  Do not stay there is may be cheaper but not
bubble_10	I don't care how cheap or how convenient, I would never ever recommend this hotel - the fact that there was a rodent in our room was bad enough, but the staff were completely indifferent and unhelpful. The youth hostels we stayed in on a previous visit were just as cheap and ten times nicer.
bubble_10	My friend and I were "recommended" this hotel by Travelocity so we felt relatively safe...should have done our own research. Location is excellent. That's the trade off. We were only in the city for three days to see a show and do some shopping, so the hotel amenities were not our first priority, however, the Hotel Carter is considerably overpriced for what we received. First, we were told when we made the reservation that we had a "renovated room". Well, that was a joke. Upon check in, we were told all renovated rooms were taken ( I don't believe that any rooms have actually been renovated!!!!) and we got room number 926. No hot water, mold in the shower, stains on carpet, graffiti on the walls, no blankets on the beds, TV didn't work at all, and we wouldn't have touched the
bubble_10	The carter hotel what a dump!!! After arriving from london england on a 8.5 flight all we wanted to do was to have a bed to sleep in  we arrived by taxi to the hotel as we got passed the double doors there was about 50 people in the que waiting to be checked in after about 1 hour in the que we was wondering what was happening, there was people leaving the reception saying they don't have any rooms it is double book! even if u have a reservation and paid in advance through a travel agent. we didn't even make it to the desk to be told by the owner of the hotel (who looked like fonzy from happy days )to get out as we are double book and find somewhere else to stay as no one is staying here as the hotel is double book i tired to call a number on booking form of which was was left on
bubble_10	1 dolla for a key, 2 dolla for another key, nonrefundable. room dirty, dirty blood stained sheets with lots of hair; room lacks all amenities; if you must stay bring your own sheets, pillows, blankets and bathroom necessities, we checked in late and left early.
bubble_10	Well, what can I say.  We only stayed for 3 nights to attend a wedding in Central Park.  We arrived very late on the Thursday night (thank goodness).  The smell as you enter the building is something else, probably thanks to the adjoining kebab shop, but this smell will linger on your clothes throughout your stay.  Reception was utter chaos with people shouting for refunds etc, along with the NYPD arresting someone!  We decided to take a chance and check in.  It was the busiest weekend of the year, so we didn't have any choice to be honest.    The room was an utter disgrace.  My suitcase remained closed and locked (more for fear of rats and parasites rather than thieves!!)  The room consisted of a king size bed and a tv.  You could barely walk around the bed, but that just
bubble_10	I cant believe this type of establishment can still be in buisness. We didnt even get as far as the rooms. We were greeted in reception by rude staff and also 4 members of the NYPD as a staff member had pushed a guest! The wait for an hour to get a room was the best experience as every time a guest checked in they went to their room to swiftly return to complain about one of the following:  Other people in the room already Room not cleaned in months Dirty underwear in the room Over flowing toilets A mouse etc  We then decided to ask to check our room prior to paying (yes upfront) and we were told 'no as it wasnt hotel policy. Pay, go check it and then request a refund if you arent happy! If you want somewhere better try next door!'  The place is the pits i wouldnt even stay here
bubble_30	We booked Hotel Carter, for a budjet trip to the Most exciting city in the world. But...then we read the reviews and were fearing the worst. Having just got back decided to put in a review myself.  Ok, so the hotel is old and could do with a little modernisation, but we arrived, and checked in without problems, the room was spacious, two large freshly made double beds with clean sheets, towels, soap and toilet roll in the bathroom (fully functional with hot running water, if a little dated), and a TV which worked...just, but looked like it had been nicked from Noah's Ark.   Staying on the 12th floor, there was a worry about the allegedly frequently failing lifts of which there are 3 - only once did i see a lift not working, and on my return this had been repaired.  The Location
bubble_10	I went to New York this Nov as a birthday preasent with my mum. We arrived at the Hotel and the decor in the lobby area was not to my taste but I would let that slid. After waiting 40mins for my key to the room we was rudley asked for '1 Dolla' for the key from the dragon like women in reception. We went up to our room on the 6th floor. When we got there we were confronted by a smell that i could not even began to explain. We went to the end of the hallway and found our room. The only was to describe it was a scene from Scarface. It was the most run down room I had ever seen in my life. I mean I know it was a cheap hotel but I was horrified by the state of it. There was 2 double beds, a broken tv and a bathroom and toilet area i would not even let my dog in. The room was filthy
bubble_10	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Please- do yourself a favor no matter what the rates are elsewhere- spend the extra money to find another hotel. The rooms stank- sheets were dirty- bathrooms dirty- I didn't even want to use it while I was in the hotel. They don't hold any reservation- even if pre-paid online. Thank God I was only there for one night.
bubble_20	Probably everyone's experience of the Hotel Carter off Time Square in NY is different because none of the 700 rooms is exactly the same - I thought it was a strength that the decor was probably as it was was in the early part of the century - very definitely not a franchise. On the plus side - clean bed linen and towels, plentiful hot water (ok, some broken tiles on the wall in the shower), warm (in December with low temps outside), elevators that work, internet access in the lobby for $5, great location. I happened to have as well a terrific view of the NY Manhattan skyline looking out on the New York Times Building (ok, through grimy unwashed windows...) However - don't expect smart or clean (tho the bathroom had been cleaned and there was soap and spare toilet paper). But
bubble_10	I ran my first ever marathon in NYC and stayed here.  I did read the tripadvisor reviews beforehand but booked it due to cheap price and location to the race. Upon arrival customers checking in were getting into it with female staff.  They said their credit card machine did not work and had to pay cash or leave. Luckily our bank was open until 2pm on a Sat in they city. By 6:30pm no one had come to give us sheets or clean up from prior guests.  Calling or asking for help did nothing so my husband found a cleaning cart and took off clean sheeting. Our bed was disgusting with stains all over the mattress. I slept on top and used jacket for blanket. Shower was full of mold and after about 1 minute the tub would become almost overflowing with water. I called for 5:15am wakeup call
bubble_30	Because of the time of year that i went to new york it was hard to get somewhere to stay at a reasonable price. The Carter Hotel cost me 300 euros for 4 nights (for both of us, not each!) After reading these reviews I was very nervous about staying here. HOWEVER! It was perfectly located, our room was clean and the staff were very helpful towards us. The room was small but it had what we needed, a bathroom and a bed. Maybe we were just lucky. We stayed on the 18th floor, the lift was always working. However we did have to go search for clean towels but they weren't hard to find. And you will need to bring some shower wash, shampoo etc... I'd definitely recommend this hotel, for a cheap and very basic place to stay. We got to save on the hotel and spend the rest of our money on
bubble_10	If only I had read these comments before we booked. In the two hours we spent there we saw three different rooms. On approaching the first we noted a strong smell of gas which soon became sewerage eventually the source of the odour turned out to be our room! When we informed reception the our room stank they asked in what way exactly 'like something died in it'. Rooms 2 and 3 were simply filthy, mouldy and containing 2 double beds, clearly previous residence of an extended family of refugees. Interestingly the French residents didn't seem to mind.... We told the dragon lady that we could not stay in such a place and would be checking out immediately, refund would have to be arranged through our travel agent - still waiting on that one! Went to the Eddison instead, location as
bubble_10	Arrived at hotel having booked online.  Noticed state of entrance which should have been a clue to what turned out to be a tired hotel in need of urgent updating.  Keeping what they have, clean, would have been a start!  Staff were apathetic to say the least.  I was given my room key and found the room had not been made up or cleaned.  I was given an alternative room, which was made up but felt so depressed, I immediately checked out and went to the BW President on W 48th Street (Where I normally stay) it was a little more expensive but twice the hotel than the Carter.  Moral of this story: Stick to what you know and don't try save a couple of extra bucks!!  Avoid the Carter Hotel like the plague!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_30	......is not something, having read the reviews prior to visiting, I expected to be saying at the conclusion of my trip there. I can however say that, despite not being the Ritz, the Carter is not quite the complete hell hole that I feared it would be.  Ok so the Carter is grotty, dirty, run down, out dated and most certainly in need of renovation, however there are a few things you need to consider before your visit:  1) The fact that you are reading this will mean that you have probably read most of the nightmare reviews and will therefore not be disappointed with what you find when you get there. That was the case with our group and so we weren't horrified with what we found.  If you go prepared for it to be bad, you might be pleasantly surprised with what you find.  2) Many
bubble_10	First of all the staff are nasty, rude, people, not too much english. The whole place smells like fried cabbage, the room was about 10X10, carpet for a head board, people had wrote their names on the wall in are room, nasty dirty carpet that was pieced together out of probably five pieces (remember the room size is only 10 X 10). When you turned on the shower rust comes out, and the water doesn't go down the drain so you have to stand in dirty water up to your knees while you take a shower. The carter "hotel" is the only place I know where you take a shower, and come out more dirty then you went in. I made the mistake of booking at the carter off a website before reading the reviews, I figured it's in time square....how bad could it be....BAD BAD BAD! The pictures of the rooms
bubble_10	New York must have NO hotel inspection  Dirty, stinks, mildew, IF towels, they are dirty + holes in it; IF sheets: dirty and torn; Dirty bathtube; NO cleaning; NEVER fresh sheets or towels; Staff calls you names if you complain; Staff does not listen to yopuw remarks. Totally uninterested; If you want to keep you health:NEVER;NEVER book this stink-hole.  Staying in this hole will spoil your holiday+health Recommend it to your enemies
bubble_10	All I can say...is OH MY GOD. Were do I start! From the outside, you think to yourself, its not so bad! Then you get inside and it begins at reception! The receptionists, well, customer service ain't their best quality. It did make me think when I saw that they were seated behind windows with only a little gap to pass paperwork through how bad can this place be? After that experience, you get to your room in a lift that looks like its seen better days.  Then you open a door to the 1930s. The 1st room was well how can I put it - DISGUSTING. I don't think the room was decorated, the bedding had a really bad smell, and there were things growing in the bathroom, and it wasn't a plant! Room number 3 seemed bearable, but the room was occupied.  Makes ya think, is your stuff safe!!
bubble_10	Nothing could have prepared us for the nightmare we lived at the Carter Hotel!! We chose a very bad moment to go to NY, all the budget hotels were booked due to the Columbus Day Parade, so against all the bad revues we had read we decided to book a room through a company called Cosytel, which advertises on the Rand McNAlly web page, so we thought it would be reliable and serious, which proved to be our first major mistake!! After promising to charge us to our credit card ONLY $90 to ensure the reservation, they ended up charging us for the total amount we were supposed to pay at the end of our stay, close to $700 for 5 nights. Not satisfied with this, they proceeded to CANCEL our reservation! So upon our arrival in NY, after a long journey from Venezuela, we were told by a very
bubble_10	Just got back from spending four nights at the Carter and have to say believe what you read. We travelled with another couple and both our rooms stank,theres of damp(although improved after 2 days by a new shower curtain so the whole room smelt of plastic) and ours of what can only described of as S#*T. They really did stink. Our carpet was filthy and looked like it could be housing all types of creatures whilst our friends room had a damp patch on the wall about 2 foot long.The handles on the draws in there room was cable flex as was the light pull in our closet/wardrobe, which also stunk and was filthy so we lived out of our cases. We had no problems with the staff but had a laugh at the $1 charge for your key and $2 charge to leave your baggage after checking out. On the plus
bubble_50	Sick of staying in those boring, standard, could be anywhere in the world, forgettable hotels. Look no further for something different and a really memorable stay try the hotel carter. You can read all the other reviews about how bad it is etc but it really suppassed all expectations by having no water for the first 36 hours. On a recent stay there we were checked in routinely by the staff as if all was well, they didn't tell us there was no water. The staff were still checking guests into a hotel with no water until the NY fire department arrived and put a stop to that. The Phol Pot school of tourism trained hotel manager fixed the situation by giving out a bottle of water, "take only one" to every guest that night. Reception, with frequent visits from NYPD, is a real treat,
bubble_50	Stayed here on a dare after reading all the appalling reviews on this site, and was curious to see if it could be as bad as people described. We were ready for rodents, rats, drug dealers, hookers...but what we got for the first 24 hours of our stay was outstanding!!...no water!!...no explanation why, no apology, no offer to reduce the price or find alternative accommodation...haven't had such a good laugh in years. The best show on Broadway is the lobby of the Carter...watch people "checking in"....always a somewhat uncomfortable exchange between the guest and basil fawlty's omnipresent less congenial asian half sister behind the bulletproof glass, see them go up to their rooms, and watch them return 10 minutes later with a stunned look on their faces!
bubble_20	I would not recommend this place, but it's not as bad as most of the other reviews say. I am currently half-way through a two night stay, and have decided to check move to another hotel tomorrow. The main reasons are the room is too hot (there is a manually-operated air conditioner, but it seems to be either on or off, and if it's on the fan it pretty loud), and there is no hanging space for clothes in the room. On the plus side, the bed is huge, and the location is excellent. There was actually a small fire last night, and the hotel was evacuated at 4.30 in the morning. Potentially, this place could be great. It's still good value, particularly if you're sharing a room and don't mind going without hanging space in the room (I'm assuming they don't have hanging space in the
bubble_10	The stay at hotel carter was the worst in my life. The rooms were gross. There were big yellow stains on the bed, the walls had markings all over them. I had to get my room changed twice, and they were no better each time. The bathrooms were a mess, the tiles had dirt and mildew on them. The windows were dark and dirty, you couldn't open them or close them. I had to let the water in the showers run for a few minutes to clear out the brown color in the water. Don't stay here, even though we paid a decent amount, I would have rather payed a couple of dollars to get a decent sleep and shower.
bubble_20	My friend arrived at this dump before I did, checked in and deposited his stuff in the room. We then went out and did touristy NYC stuff. Upon returning, we tried the key in the lock and found it did not work.. and that there were TV sounds coming from our room. So we knocked, and lo and behold, the staff had put someone else in our room (???!??!?!?).   The gentleman who was in there was kind enough to let my friend retrieve his bags.  We then trekked down to the hallway and stood in line for a while to get ourselves a new room. The staff seemed very confused. Not abjectly rude, but as one previous review stated, not exactly pleasant either.  Finally we were given a key to another room. We trekked back upstairs with our luggage to check it out, only to find trash all over the
bubble_20	me and my friend stayed at this hotel october 2005.To be honest, i expected the worst,but to my surprise it was'nt that bad!as we entered the hotel,i did get a musty smell,but i kept goin anyway,after all it was in Times Square where all the action happens!i found the staff friendly enough. We got our key and went to our room,the part i dreaded the most! we stayed on the 20th floor.i have to say,it does have some serious decorative issues.The wall paper is very old,the curtains and carpets the same.But to my amazement,the beds were very comfy!our bed linen was very clean and the bathroom was up to standard,the water in the shower does blow a bit hot and cold though,but the pressure is good.The cleaners came to clean our room twice in the one week we stayed there and change the
bubble_10	As a regular traveller I have stayed at many hotels all around the world and would believe myself to be not very fussy when it comes to accommodation. I'll easily settle for something clean and basic.  But this was easily the worst experience I have ever had. Hotel Carter should be closed down. I can't understand how they are still allowed to operate. The hotel is really really dodgy and it's dirty and damp. The staff are so unhelpful, the rooms are horrendous. I stayed in the hotel 45 minutes before checking out and searching for somewhere else. This was at midnight so I was pretty tired but I didn't care, I couldn't get out of there quick enough. I couldn't even wait till the next morning.  There's no security as the doors didn't even lock properly. The smell in the rooms and
bubble_40	The Hotel Carter is GREAT! If you dont have a lot of cash and you need a place to sleep the Carter is the perfect location. I am so tired of hearing these silver spooned snob nosed rich ****s talking like they have never been dirty. Take your cash and get a nice place but if it werent for the Carter I would not have been able to stay in NY. I was there for 7 days and nights and NEVER EVER saw a rat or felt unsafe. You rich ****s that stay at the Carter and then cry about the stay need to be mugged. That would be like me using food stamps. (Even though I dont need them, taking it from someone who does) Go to the Hilton or the Weston and cry about the price you pay if you want to cry about something. The Carter was great the stuff you read on here is true for the most part
bubble_10	Run for your lives is all I could think of when we arrived. I couldn't believe we spent $220 a night to stay there and had been dumb enough to pay in advance.  We took pictures of everything so we could send it to the Health Dept. and the Chamber of Commerce.  (We actually booked the hotel on their website.)  Water sprayed all over the bathroom when we turned on any faucet and the black mold which measured 14 inches across set our allergies into full alert. The receptionist did not speak English and hid behind the bullet-proof glass in the lobby. They do not clean the rooms and I found half a cockroach in my sheets.  (Where did the other half go?)  There was a lamp hanging from the ceiling where a light fixture should have been. They do not furnish stoppers, washrags, or toilet
bubble_10	My friends and I while searching for affordable lodging for our 3 night stay in the Big Apple came across the Carter Hotel or Hotel Carter  on the internet.  Realizing that a $100.00 per night room in Times Square wasnt going to be the Waldorf we asked ourselvesHow bad could it be????  Well how about vile and dreadful.  Upon arrival at the Carter we were greeted by foul smells, filthy carpet, interesting dcor and an inattentive staff (cant say I blame them considering the hole they work in and the crook they work for).   After paying for your stay in full (try and get your money back) you are charged an extra dollar for the room key.  Thats right you pay $100.00 for the room and then an extra buck to get the key to it.  Now if you request an upper floor room you will
bubble_10	we stayed here & was the worst experience of our lives .!! the rooms were dirty & a health hazard  staff were very rude & unhelpful do not give them the satisfaction or your money. the room dripped water and plaster came off the ceiling. We have stayed in budget hotels before but this is off the scale, place should be condemmed.
bubble_30	OK, SO ITS NOT THE RITZ but who can afford that?? We decided to take a chance at a $118 (2 beds) room andit was NOT so bad. yes the lobby looked like las vegas 40 years ago and yes each floor reminded me of the move" the Shining" but.... Our room was fine. the beds, sheets, pillows, bathroom, shower and towels were ALL  VERY CLEAN. And We even found the staff to be quite friendly!!!!!!  WE EVEN THOUGHT THE BEDS WERE THE MOST COMFORTABLE WE EVER SLEPT IN!!!! i SWEAR. Also my friend and I  have $$, well brought up , material gals but wanted more $$ for clothes..  Hey, finding a hotel in the center of NYC for this cheap was THE BEST DEAL AND MOVE WE MADE. AND YES WE WILL BE BACK.  Please note however the hotel does NOT however face the "BALL" as stated. it is a street and block
bubble_10	DO NOT STAY HERE, no matter what you have experienced before. Do not think that some people are over picky, because I certaintly am not. I travel alot around the UK to football/soccer games, and as you can imagine we find it difficult to stay in any high profile hotels due to the label attached to football fans. We end up in basic bed and breakfasts which are not the "Hilton" but at least they are clean.   This place (I refuse to give it it's real name as this is not a hotel) is the most disgusting place I have ever been.  The moment you walk through the front door, you feel the atmosphere. The staff's attitude is appalling and the foyer is dirty and smelly. I would have thought that the foyer may be clean to give the customer a good first impression, but this is not the case.
bubble_20	We went on a whim for the weekend to New York.  Everything in our price range was booked.  Despite all the negative reviews posted here, we booked at The Carter anyway.  We looked at it like an adventure.  And, it definately was.  Everything you read about the lack of cleanliness, poor service and the overall state of disrepair at this location is absuolutely true.    But, thanks to reading the warnings here, we thought ahead and remedied some of the problems ahead of time.   We each brought a towel and our own shower stuff.  We each brought some plastic cups.  And, we arrived with the mindset that at worst we would be camping a block from Times Square.  Everything was easy after that because thats exactly how it turned out.  The bed in our room wasn't dressed.  So, we got some
bubble_10	Oh my God !!! we have never stayed in such a disgusting, filthy, smelly, tatty, scary place in our lives. The bedroom was just awful.........it was filthy and hadn't been cleaned in years, the sheets were full of holes and tears. As for the bathroom, well, never seen anything like it!!! The moment we walked through the door we knew we had made a huge mistake booking this hotel. We put our luggage in the room and immediately went out to find alternative accomodation. Unfortunately, due to being near to Christmas, every hotel nearby was fully booked so we had to stay the night. We did not sleep a wink and tried not to touch the sheets with our bare skin - we slept in our coats to keep warm. The people working at the hotel were extremely unhelpful and very rude! As soon a the sun
bubble_30	I have to admit that after reading some of the reviews on here in the days before we left I really didnt want to stay here but we decided to see for ourselves and move out if need be.  What can I say?  For us, the hotel was fine.  Just what we wanted: somewhere to sleep and wash.  After all, you dont go to NYC to stay in your hotel watching TV all day.    Yes the hotel was a little out-dated, bad taste carpets etc but the bedding, towels and bathroom were all clean.  Yes, the hotel staff didnt make much polite conversation but they did what they were supposed to, give us our room key and thats all we expected them to do.  If you want a cheap hotel in the centre of NYC then this is the hotel for you. If you want top service, posh room, all mod cons then this isnt for you at
bubble_10	No matter how thrifty you are trying to be, don't waste your money by staying here. Spend the few extra dollars and enjoy New York.
bubble_10	This place was absolutely disgusting. The only thing good about it was that it was right near Times Square. When we called to ask if there was a parking lot to park our car, the woman said that there was, and that we'd be able to take it in and out of the lot w/o paying extra. When we got there the parking attentant told us that we could not. We went inside and asked the woman behind the desk and told her that whoever answered the phone, when we made the reservation, told us we could take the car in/out of the lot w/o paying extra. The lady stated that it depended on who was working the garage. That, first of all, gave me a bad impression of them, the fact that they're not all on the same page.  Then, we were on our way up to the room. The elevator was old, slow and seemed kind
bubble_10	When we go to New York, It was great! The BIG apple. It had such a great buzz until we got to our hotel. When we managed to get our bags up the stairs to the jazzy looking reception area, I thought we had just walked in a bank, the receptionist were behind bullet glass! (well thats what it looked like) and when we went to check in the woman behind the bullet glass could not speak clear English as receptionist should be capable of, even if it was the basics..... and she had no manners! It was like talking to brick wall.  When we go to our room we just dumped our bags and wanted a quick bath before we went out to get some dinner and take in the New York sights.  There was no plug in the bathroom, so I went down to the reception and said we had no plug for the bath. 2 hours later
bubble_10	Upon arrival I discovered my room had not been cleaned and a small chinese man helped to supposedly sanitize my sink with his filthy hands and some water. Upon trying to lay in bed for the night I found the sheets were covered in some sort of biological mess. I used lysol wipes and a pillow case as a pillow cover and found they could not cover the smell of the rat feces.  When I used the bathroom I found myself locked in because the lock was conveniently jammed I and had to have assistance to get out. Upon my return to bed found a rotent running across the window sill with request from the small chinese man received nothing but hard heart ache and pian from the fact that his hotel had nothing to offer except but rudeness, smell and disease.
bubble_10	Im writing to warn everyone who is considering stay in this hotel. I wanted people to know what happened to me and hopefully you will understand it's not worth to take the risks. This hotel totally ruined my vacation and I will always remember this horrible experience. Safety is the most important thing while traveling in NYC and this place is DANGEROUS. Crime happens in this hotel everyday! I seriously think the hotel should be closed down by the government and I truly don't know why they are still in business.   My husband, my sister and I arrived at Hotel Carter on 09/15/05. It took us 2.5 hours to check-in. (They dont have a computer. Every thing is memorized in hotel stuffs head or written by hand. Unfortunately, the hotel stuffs are not very organized, they messed up
bubble_10	Avoided absolutely this Hotel! For two days we have been without water in room. Stinking and very dirty... Don' t go in this hotel !!!!!!
bubble_10	i wouldnt advise any one in their right mind to go to this hotel, it was worse than terrible, very bad manners at the reception when booking in, the lobby was discustingly dirty, full of unsatisfied customers. the stench of the  place was unbearable, the rooms were filty, carpets on the walls!! carpets on the floor were not fitted properlyanddirty. curtains about  fifty years  old afraid to touch them incase might catch something!! bathroom tiny could bearly move around! seems good value for money but a total rip off!!!!!!
bubble_10	during the 20 minute wait in the disgusting lobby to check in, there were two separate fistfights, and a steady stream of guests coming down the elevators to complain that there was no running water. the extremely rude lady at the desk charged $1 for a room key. the hallways smelled like urine, and the door to my room had a big hole in it. i left immediately. i would never stay here.
bubble_30	Before staying at this hotel I read the reviews and was quite worried. However, don't let the snooty wanna be high-class (un open-minded) folk dissuade you! You are in the middle of Time Square!!! You have your own private bath (faucet leaked, but they fixed it right away). King size bed, with ok view. T.V had 15 or so channels. Check-in and checkout was extremely painless. The place is understaffed, and when 2-3 people are trying to check in 20 or more, yes they may get crabby. Yet, the staff was pleasant with me and we got into our room right away, and an hour before the hotels 1:00 pm check-in. Don't expect it to be the cleanliest place. The carpet needs to be replaced, but its still manageable!  This place is perfect for those who are on a budget and really want to
bubble_10	Served me right for ignoring the reviews. This place really is a dump. I was nearly afraid to sleep in the bed and the towels were so thing it was impossible to use them to dry off. The lobby was filthy and the staff impolite. And after the internet rate of $105 they still had the cheek to have a non-refundable key charge. There are ok budget hotels in NYC - but this is not one.
bubble_10	I have visited NY city many times and have never stayed at such a terrible place.  It is absolutely filthy and disgusting.  The filth in the rooms is an accumulation over much time.  There are holes in the walls and I think that mice or worse, rats are in the hotel.  This hotel should be condemned by the NY building department and the health department.  And last but not least, the people at the front desk are rude and not helpful at all.  I do not know how this hotel is allowed to stay open!
bubble_10	You must avoid this hotel at all costs !! Please trust me : spend more but do not go to this place. When we got there, a couple of prostitutes where hanging out in the lobby. One of them was screaming out profanities to the manager and asking for her money back. When it was our turn to check in, the service was so awful that I started feeling bad for the prostitute ! - Our reservations weren't there but we had already been billed on our credit card.  -The staff was rude.  -The rooms were filty.  -We found maggets on our beds.  -Theres were holes and red stains in our so called towels.  -There were no lights in the bathrooms.  -There were moles everywhere in the bathtub.  -The TV was not working.  -There was unidentified hair on our sheets and pillows.  We paid for 3 nights but
bubble_30	The place is undeniably shabby as is well illustrated by the photos in other reviews. However, I would still recommend this place to anyone on a budget wanting to stay in as good a location as this. It's a stone's throw from Times Square & you are ideally placed for anywhere in Manhattan.  It was cheap (less than $100 per night) & all the rooms were en-suite which doesn't seem to be the case for a lot of budget hotels in New York. The bed was huge and comfortable & everything in the bathroom seemed to work even if it did look pretty old and manky.   Later in our holiday, we stayed in another Manhattan hotel. It was quite a bit more expensive & was supposed to be our treat for the end of the holiday. In fact it turned out to be way worse & we regretted not going back to the
bubble_20	I made my reservation thru internet and I was charged in my credit card for the 3 nights booked, when I was trying to do my check in an old and rude chinese lady told me (in her bad english) that she did not know nothing about it and that I had to pay again, I did it and a few hours later thanks that they have a very gentle an efficient guy (english and spanish speaker)in the staff we could clarify the situation and he made the refund to my credit card. The room was cleaned only once during my stay. The problems with the staff continue and in my last night another chinese guy called me at midnight! saying that I had to go to the front desk to clarify some payment issues, because I was sleeeping I said him that wait until the morning of the next day and in a rude tone he
bubble_10	I would think in good ole USA with our code enforced policies and health agencies that a hotel as bad as this one would be condemed.  I can not even imagine the bacteria, viruses and disease floating around this flea bag hotel.  I would suggest to everyone contemplating a visit to New York to either save a little more money or use the all american plastic and stay at a higher priced hotel because in this instance "Money Really Does buy Happiness".  This is by far the worst hotel I ever seen or stayed in within the USA borders.  I now know why you are expected to pay for your room at the time of making the reservation because there are very few people that would stay after viewing the lobby let alone the rooms if not pre paid.   I am disappointed in New York for allowing such a
bubble_10	I have only recently discovered TripAdvisor and cant help but laugh when I read some of the review on Carter Hotel, because they are so true.  I arrived in New York late one evening after my flight had been delayed and the airline had lost my luggage.  I had expected to travel by train to Philadelphia that evening, but decided on impulse to stay in New York for the night as I had been told by the airline that my luggage would be arriving at JFK early the next day, and I thought I would make the most of the situation.  Anyway I travelled into Times Square and began looking for a hotel, but everything was so expensive!  Eventually I seen a neon sign saying 'Carter Hotel - $89 a night' and couldnt belive my luck.  Upon entering I thought the reception was a bit rough, but hey it
bubble_10	I just checked out today and boy am I glad to be home. This hotel is a nightmare so please pay close attention to  my words so you can avoid this experience. This past weekend, I checked into The Carter Hotel. Hmm.... my room was supposed to be a "King" sized bed. Well, little did I know that at this hotel we join two double beds together and call it a King size. The carpets haven't been vacuumed for nearly forty years. Let's not even talk about the air condition if you were hot........ its better to burn in hell. keep your clothes inside your bags at all times because the drawers and the closet is filthy. I mean just disgusting with bug craps and all. Do not even think about taking a relaxing shower because the shower curtains haven't been changed and the bathtub hasn't been
bubble_20	This hotel is okay for young people. I would not recommend it to older people or people with small children. The room had a a funny smell, luckily I had some Febreeze in my bag. The tub drain was very very very slow! I took my showers before the other 2 that was with me, otherwise I would've been standing in over ankle deep water. On the other hand the location was awesome!! Times Square was half a block up the street! You can not beat the price or the location. The staff was a little rude. I did here some people argueing and the customers were being really rude. If you're nice to them they'll be nice to you. Here is some very helpful advice: If you need any help, look for a tall black man that wears a tie. He looks like a manager. He is very nice. I think his name was Abdul.
bubble_20	The day I received my vouchers for a trip to NYC and Florida I read the reviews here on tripadvisor.com so I was prepared for the absolute worst!  I was pleasantly surprised to find out Hotel Carter isn't quite the absolute hell hole I imagined (and read) . Okay, the lobby looks like it has been ramsacked, the staff is mostly rude and totally unfamilliair with terms as hospitality and service, the rooms are small and were never cleaned during our stay, the ac is noisy but working, the hallways look like second hand carpetshops (do they exist?), the TV has no remote, the lamp has no lampshade, towels are thin as tissues and hard as sandpaper, the bathroom is mouldy but the waterpressure is enourmous!   The room had been cleaned before check-in, the beds weren't too bad and the
bubble_10	Where do i start this place needs to be shut down.The lobby is awful smells likedamp old carpet the staff is so rude.The talk some different launage when you try to check in and the fact they are behind bullet proff glass and the dont have computers they hand write everything now its 2005 they should have computers.Ok first room walked in and it was not cleaned from the last guest went back down to desk the lady said we dont have anymore rooms you can clean it if you like yea right then finally after 15 min she gave me another room key 1432 well this room was a least clean but carpet had stains all over it burn marks and  dirt the window was broke and it smelled damp then the bathoom tube was dirty toilet was leaking water on the floor and the ceiling looked lkike it had a water
bubble_10	This hotel is a real dump.  Some would argue that its cheap.  Well, you know what, if you want to travel for cheap, please consider a stay on a central park bench instead.  I am serious, its going to be cleaner, and safer.  Other alternatives would be to stay in a subway stop, or lounge in a starbucks. This place should be renamed, 'Garbageville USA' as it is the worse hotel in the US.  Even bums will not stay there.  I got verbally assaulted by one of their ' employees' that thought that I was an undercover cop just for looking at the exotic display of carpets they had stashed up in the lobby.  It was like 'papier dirty mash'.  Anyways, I recommend the place for people that want strong thrills and want to stay in a dump.  It will certainly capture the attention of many as you
bubble_20	I stayed in the Carter Hotel for 2 nights, this is how it went:  -When I arrived there was a kind of slow moving line to check in and to complain, you could hear people saying how awful was the hotel, some italian guys were complaining that they had a mouse in their room.  -My turn to check in arrived, luckily for me the guy that was handling my reservation was from the Dominican Republic, I am from Puerto Rico, so I started to talk to him in spanish and we kind of clicked. He gave me a key from a room and told me that before we would charge my credit card he wanted me to see if I like the room. As I went to my room (8th floor), the beds were unmade, the room had trash from other guests, the bathroom was dirty with a lot of mold in the ceiling and in the walls and one of the
bubble_10	You know it's gonna be a bad start when the entrace to the hotel has a display of nutcrackers in the window. I wasn't even sure if that was the entrance as I had to lug my suitcase as well as my fiancee's suitcase up a flight of stairs.   From there it got even better. We stood in line to what we believed was the check-in counter. Looked more like a counter to a pawn shop where two rude employees sat behind a plexi-glass covered counter. We had reservations but they said they didn't see it in their system. While my fiancee was on her cell phone trying to clear up this confusion with AMEX it gave me and my niece time to take in the ambiance of the lobby. I loved the patchwork of rugs which made up the carpet and the neon lights which made it look like those cheap motels in movies
bubble_20	Just check in. Be polite to the rude lady who will not even look at you when you check in. Hotel centrally located. The carpets in the lobby are funny but I did not come to NYC to give a review of the carpets. Ask to speak to Abdul-the tall bald headed young  handsome black guy incase your room was not cleaned (even he cannot clean the room he was nice enough to come to our room and take the garbage out and gave us fresh towels). Please take the yellow taxis to the airports as they tend to be cheaper. The coffee shop in the hotel is great. Another alternative to the airport is half a block away port authority bus terminal and they have direct airport buses every 20 minutes for less than $16 to JFK, Newark and La Guardia.
bubble_10	I read all the reviews but not until the trip planner booked the room.  So I went with an open mind and thought "How bad could this be?"  Well, it was worse than you could ever imagine!  I wonder how the state of New York could allow this hotel to stay open!  The people in the lobby were rude for no reason, we were polite and courteous to them.  I am sure they get yelled at all day long but what happened to customer service?    The first room we were given was not even cleaned from the last guests, so we went to the lobby and go a new room.  This room had no AC, and we were in NY last week (7/20 to 7/22) and it was HOT!  So we off to get another room.  This one was ok, but not the best.  The bathroom has got to be the worst.  The shower, sink, and toilet were all dirty.  There
bubble_20	First let me give you some information about mysel. I am a student from Ireland and i live in ordinary student accomadation. This was my first trip to new york, while my sister (travelling partner) had lived in Boston for a year and had visited new york before. I had not read any reviews about this hotel (maybe that was a good thing!), so i went with am open mind. The one thing you need to realise about New York, it has some of the most expensive hotels in the world! So when you find this cheap hotel with a great location you cant expect the Ritz! I am not going to lie to you its not a pretty place. The workers are awful! Our room was carpeted with 'Pizza Piper'! Our room window was bolted and could not be opened (on the 13th floor- What if there was a fire??). However i soon
bubble_20	my friend and i stayed at the hotel carter last june.  we knew that we didn't have a lot of money to spend on a nice hotel, so we went with the carter.  it was my first time in NYC, so i didn't really care how the hotel was, which is a good thing.  the lobby was like walking into a chinese buffet and the extent of wall decor was carpet nailed above the beds as a head board.  the tv got only 4 channels, only one of which came in clear.  i wasn't expecting the ritz, so i wasn't that dissapointed.  it was definately a fun adventure and if you can handle a little yuck at times, then you'll be fine.
bubble_40	I found that something of the atmosphere of 1970s Manhattan lives on at the Carter Hotel.  Yes, the room wasn't cleaned during my 5-night stay; OK, the bathrooms are a bit on the antique side and agreed, there may or may not have been something under the bed that shouldn't have been there.  BUT, this place is about half the cost the alternatives in this area, it is extremely well located and the staff are pretty co-operative in my experience. The heating worked well. The room was not that dirty, the bathroom was clean as was the bed linen and towels.  Above all, this place does have atmosphere, whether you like it or not, especially in the lobby and corridors. If you like the idea of travelling back in time to the Manhattan of "Taxi Driver", without taking any risk with your
bubble_20	My friend and I decided to go to New York City by ourselves before we head off to college.  Due to our limited finances we chose Hotel Carter due to its cheap prices.  Well, you get what you pay for.  THe decor is nothing to be admired and it took a while to get a room key as two people bickered behing the glass.  Our room was fairly clean (no bugs or rodents) but the sheets were stained and the mirrors were dirty.    This hotel is only good for young people, kids should not be brought here.  Bring Lysol and your own sheets and keep your flip-flops on while in the shower and you'll be fine.  Would I stay there again, no, but it served its purpase and I was able to eat at nicer restaurants with the money that I saved from staying at this hotel.
bubble_10	IT IS DISGUSTING, it looked like a place that a hooker would use for the hour. the room was dirty, no remote for tv, no cable, no pictures on the walls, the comforters were thread bare. one lightbulb in the ceiling. it smelled.do not go here!!!!!!!
bubble_10	We drove from Florida and got into New York about 2 a.m. Tired and needing a shower. Our first clue should have been the prostitutes sitting outside the building but hey we were tired. We go in and it look like something from the 70's, We went up to the room and notice that there was no lights. So went to plug up the light from the lamp. A big ---roach lying on its back. The room was filty. Gather our things andwent down stairs and ask to see another room, because we had no where else to go. the front desk lady started cussing us out. And refuse to give us another room. We rode around New York looking for another hotel until 5:00a.m. Please NEVER EVER stay in this hotel
bubble_20	I didn't read any reviews before I stayed at Hotel Carter but in reading them now I wish I had. Refurbished?  That's a stretch.  If gluing old oriental rugs to the walls and floors to cover lord only knows what then yes, the hotel is refurbished.  I never saw rodents but when it came to the bathroom the toilet leaked and I showered with my eyes closed.  The bedsheets appeared to be clean but the comforters did not.  To top it off the TV worked but in the end it didn't matter since we couldn't stand to be there any longer than absolutely necessary.  Cheap but truly not cheap enough.
bubble_20	We knew this was a cheap room and we were only staying for a couple of nights. Upon walking in, we noticed a table with a paper taped on it that said 'Security Desk.' I never saw 'Security' the whole time. We then entered the rope lighted, cheap persian-rugged lobby to a bullet proof window. There wasn't a line, but we did pay $1 for a room key, which I've never heard of. The staff wasn't rude, but they weren't exactly pleasant either. We entered the elevator to see 'This hotel ----!' written on the door. Upon entering our first room, I couldn't speak, that is until I entered the bathroom. The window had a huge hole where I guess someone had broken it out - Thank Goodness. So we went downstairs where the lady nicely changed us to another room saying that our first room was on
bubble_10	Unfortunately, the person who had booked our trip hadn't read all of the bad reviews before booking our stay at the Carter.  As soon as you walk through the front doors of the hotel you are smothered with the scent of chinese food, and it sticks with you throughout the whole hotel.  The lobby looks like a hangout full of people sticking around to get out of the bad weather.  Upon checking in we were told we had 15 minutes to decide whether or not we wanted to stay.  Staff didn't seem to think there was anything out of the ordinary on having people wanting to leave upon arrival.  When we got to our room, it only got worse.  The bathrooms had layers and layers of dirt and scum.  The only way any normal person could shower in there is if they wanted to leave swim shoes and clothing
bubble_10	This was the most disgusting hotel room I have encountered.  The front desk staff are very rude.  The woman at the counter never said hello... she took one look at us and said, "You are not single ... you have your daughter with you... $7.00 more per night!"  I had no problem with that, even though we were going to share the same double bed.  She asked how many room keys and I said, "2, please"... she said, "That will be $2.00".. After charging my credit card almost $600, she wanted $2 for the room keys.  The elevator was filthy and graffiti filled.  The hallway to our room was again filthy.  The key barely worked in the door.  The bed was old and lumpy and again dirty.  The desk drawer either had no knobs or were broken.  The TV was ancient, only received 3 channels and had no
bubble_20	I stayed here because of my father.  He love Carter hotel, I don't know why.  When you enter it smell bad, but what is the problem? you don't sleep in the lobby.  The elevator is great, very fast.  I stayed in the 5th floor.  There the smell was very bad.  The room was more or less OK, but the bathroom was gross.  Some tiles missing in action, tiles color orange, towels small and very thin, no lock.  The TV was bad.    But this is a great hotel to go and sleep, actually the best bed and pillow in the whole travel were in this hotel.  Is very near from Times Square, very near.  So this hotel is great to mantain the travel in budget and to be near of everything.
bubble_20	I have been staying at the Hotel Carter (formally Hotel Dixie  Pre 1950) for the past 10 years. I stay as a last desperate attempt when no rooms are available in Midtown or when the prices are so high, its not worth the money.  If you spend anytime in your hotel room besides sleeping or showering, this is not your place.  There is no maid service to speak of (so save your towels), no cable TV, no desk, net access and you will be lucky to get a window A/C unit that works.  If you stay on a lower floor, the water pressure is so incredible. There are no watersavers here, just a huge Flow of high pressure water that can stip your skin off if your not carefule.  The beds are old used hospital beds, and well broken in. The sheets are clean once you arrive (I would not trust the
bubble_10	BAD...BAD...BAD...BEWARE...AWFUL...TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE  I wish I had read about this hotel on this website before I booked my reservation.  I booked my reservation through a well known and reputable Internet Travel reservation website.    The Hotel Carter desk personnel were rude and they would not accept that I had already paid for my room through the Travel website even though I handed them a printout of my complete intinerary with confirmation numbers.  I contacted the Internet Travel website and they tried several times to call the Hotel Carter but they would not even answer their main number.  I spent 2 miserable hours in that awful lobby trying to check in.  I finally insisted the Internet travel service to move me to a different hotel.  They could not find me another
bubble_10	Filthy bathroom, TV and air conditioning didn't work.  Never saw a maid the entire 4 days we were there.  Unfortunately we paid in advance and couldn't get a refund.
bubble_10	We booked our room before readin Tripadvisors reviews and were scared after reading about Hotel Carter... The hotel is just as bad the reviews tell! We didn't see any mouses or cockroaches - but one huge rat (never seen one before!). Its VERY unclean place, it smells bad,  the staff is rude.. they don't care about your needs (they refused to call us a cab to airport!) or complaints, the airconditioning does not work, there are no plankets,  only thin sheets... the list is neverending.  When we came home, I thought it wasn't so bad cause we survived... but a holiday isn't supposed to be a survival, it's supposed to be joyable and comfort time. And Hotel Carter really can't offer you that, not even close. So spare more money and book a room from a decent hotel!!!  Excluding this
bubble_20	Six of us had 3 rooms at the Carter for 3 nights.  I got a big kick out of reading the reviews and thought this would be a great adventure for us in the Big Apple.  I was expecting an oddball 1 star hotel and that's what we got.  The location can't be beat.  The hotel is not in the best shape, but if you can laugh when the handle falls off in the shower, and you find candy stuck to the elevator walls, you can tolerate the Carter.  Of all the people we met behind the desk, there was only one rude woman.  We never waited for the elevator more than a minute.  We never felt unsafe.  The beds were comfortable.  The rooms were quiet and we never were disturbed by sounds.  I would recommend the Carter for those who can tolerate a 1 star hotel.  Don't expect any frills and you'll do
bubble_10	The hotel is gross. The staff is rude.  I've been in bad hotels before but this is problably the worst in my life. I've never seen so much crap and stains around me. At 10 pm I was still waiting for a clean room (the one that they gave me at the begining was not clean from the previous customers) I was going to spend 2 nights and I couldn't stand it more than 1. Please!!!! Don't go to this hotel. It totally -----
bubble_10	We were there for 3 nights because it was a busy weekend and every other hotel in Manhatan was full and I must tell you, this place should be closed by the Department of Health. The bathroom had mildew and it smelled, the water faucets were broken and the sink was clogged leaking all over the bathroom floor. You get 1 towel per person. The TV didn't work, the linen and pillows were filthy. Our room was never cleaned. The AC in the lobby is kept off and it gets like 150 degrees in there. We tried complaining to the front desk staff and they were so rude they hung up the phone. This place was NASTY!
bubble_10	First of all let me start off by saying that the price was very reasonable BUT that is the only good thing I can say about this hotel. When we got there of course there was a problem with the reservation but that was cleared up quickly. Upon entering the elevator the smell was awful!! We get to our room and the door is locked from the inside. Somebody was already in our room. Back down to the front desk and get another room. They dont even know who is staying in what room. We go back upstairs to our second room open the door and I was never so horrified in my life! The only thing that was clean in that room was the sheets and the towels! There was stuff that I have no idea what is was on the walls. It looked like spit. No lamp shades on the lights that were on the walls. The
bubble_30	Everyone makes this place out to be horrible, but I really didn't think it was that bad.  It definitely isn't the cleanest, but the $89 a night for that location can't be beat.  We only really used it as a place to sleep and get ready for the day.  We checked in easily, went up to our room and saw there were 2 queen beds instead of the king we were supposed to have.  Not a big deal, we just put luggage on the other.  The first thing about the room though, it smelled really bad.  I sprayed some cologne into the fan and it was fine the rest of the time.  We had no view, but that didn't matter, we weren't staying there for a view.  The TV was not plugged in and the closest plug was in the bathroom, so the cord had to go in there.  You had to step over it to get into the bathroom,
bubble_10	I booked this hotel online via yahoo or traverlodge. Later, I wanted to change the dates, they either never picked phone (during working hours, though hotel is suppose to be 24x7 hours) or ignored your request. I made at least 10 calls and got hung up a couple times. Ok, fine, I decided to stick to my travel plan.  First thing walking into the the lobby, I heard a few guests were arguing with the front desk. First guest kept saying ----. Another guest wanted to change room, the response he got: "We don't have any room for you to change, we can refund you money to find other hotel". The way they talk to you like talking to their dog - yelling.  After checking in, when walking into the room...god, we almost fainted. The stink almost killed us. You would think you would get lung
bubble_10	Upon my arrival to New York City, I was anticipating a quality hotel despite the fact that the hotel phone receptionist wouldn't answer all my questions prior to my arrival and hung up on me mid question. The Hotel Carter is located in the heart of Time Square near all transportation including subway. The overall cleanliness of the hotel was poor. My room was on the 8th floor-and gave me a good view of the city.  The view was great especially since it wasn't obstructed by drapries or blinds. None of these on the windows.  One double bed was broken and the headboard was falling off the wall.  A return visit to the front desk was necessary to request a different room.  Next room was on the 12th floor.  Bed situation improved.  The headboard wouldn't fall off this wall as it was an
bubble_10	We were told that it was refurbished.  It was horrible.  The bedspreads had stains on them.  There was no way of knowing if they were washed.  They had a broken desk and a broken table.  The tiles in the bathroom needed to be regrouted.  Pipes were rusted.  The room had chipped paint and peeling wallpaper.
bubble_20	I took my family to new your for 3 night, I had made reservations at the Carter Hotel for all three nights. I started reading all the reviews and was changing my mind about staying there. We took the chance and kept our reservation. We arrived at about 11am and there was a line. When the lady at the counter helped us, she said that the room we had reserved was not available and that they had a smaller room but it would be at the same price. Then she tells me that if we wanted we could wait for the room we reserved but it would not be ready for a few hours since it was being cleaned. We waited and it wasn't ready till about 5pm. The room was average, it didn't seem too clean. The room looked very out dated and like it needed a good vacuming. The shower looked old but functional.
bubble_20	I was really worried about this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but we didn't find that it was so bad. They didn't clean the room every day and we had to go down to the desk for towels, but they were very helpful and polite and while the room wasn't newly renovated or anything, it really wasn't so bad. The room had two king sized beds and was quite comfortable. The bathroom had lots of hot water, we had as many towels as we wanted and it wasn't dirty. It wasn't new but it wasn't dirty either.  There was a broken window at the end of the hall, but our door and windows locked and we felt quite secure. Best of all, it was $149 a night for 4 people right in the center of the city - exactly where you'd want to be in NYC !!!
bubble_30	OK, 3 days ago, i returned from my 5 night stay in New York City, having stayed at the Hotel Carter for the duration of my trip. I booked the hotel through an online agent as part of a surprise New York trip for my boyfriend's 21st. For this reason i was praying that the reports i'd read on the net were a little wide of the mark. If, like i did, you are reading these hideous reviews before you embark on your trip, and are feeling put off, let down and basically ripped off, please let me address a couple of your concerns so you don't spend your entire journey hoping you spontaneously combust....  1. Yes there probably will be quite a big line of people waiting to check in when you get there, but if you listen to the people in the queue, you will probably hear that they are
bubble_10	So, we wanted to stay in NYC for the weekend, since hotels in NY are so expensive, we booked a room were we could afford it ($120.00 a nite-not exactly cheap but, compared to $400 we took it)      We didn't make it to far, My husband went to check in, he said there was a fist fight in the lobby, A couple who had changed there room 3 times because of noise, And were told by staff there was a group of boys staying at the hotel- And they can do as the want. The staff wanted to see the ID's of our children and became very rude, when my husband said they don't have ID's, He called me ( I was parked out front) I told him forget it,let's just drive home-     Outside of the hotel where I was parked there were people throwing things out of the windows at passers by, hitting them with
bubble_30	a few friends of mine stayed at this hotel a few years back and did not recommend it when i told them i had booked a room at the carter, but being a thrify person that i am, i thought "why not"? it would just be for three nights and all i needed was a bed and a bath. We arrived on a Saturday around 7pm and was annoyed to hear that we would have to wait about an hour for our room to be ready because they were "Sold Out" the night before. (Check in was supposed to be a noon!) we went ahead and stored our bags in the main lobby while we went to grab a bite. we came back and went upstairs to our room and was pleasantly suprised to find two large beds that could have slept 4 people! the bath room and room itself was clean . the shower pumped hot water with strong pressure. although
bubble_20	A great effort has been made since 1996! Our room was cleaned, carpets and bed were too! What a surprise!  Some advice in order to have a pleasant stay  l'Htel Carter! It's a better idea to book your room when u arrive at the hotel in order to have a bargain -if u pay cash of course- and u don't have to pay for the key deposit! This is also a great a way to ask for a Cleaner room that is renovated too. Don't hesitate to exchange your used towels at the reception desk during the night when the staff is kinder! The location is perfect and we advise u to spend your time outside visiting NYC! The quality is correct for the price u pay. It's not a Palace at all.......
bubble_10	This is worse than terrible, although I guess the fact that you can check out makes it better than spending the night at Rikers. Okay, it's cheap. And there are sheets on the beds and at least one towel in the bathroom. There is a lock on the door, although one hard shoulder push could probably take care of that. The lobby is an eye-opener - cheap, dirty "persian" carpets stitched together, lots of dirty mirrors, neon lights, a bank of static-filled TVs, hopeless looking people sitting on the floor. Very "Blade Runner". If you've ever wondered what happens to those couches you see abandonded on street corners, well, here they are! Plan on a lengthy and loud argument with the front desk clerk if you want a receipt or you want to check out early. Cross your fingers when you get in
bubble_10	Where should I start? We feel robbed! We booked this hotel over the internet through an agent and never expected a hotel like this. We thought that a hotel with 700 rooms that's located in the hart of Times Square couldn't be a dump like this. This hotel should be closed down!!! When we called our agent to complain the lady on the phone said the following: "Between you and me, I would never recommend this hotel to anybody! This hotel is run by a .... family and they don't care".  We knew drama would follow as soon as we entered the "lobby". There were so many people there it seemed like a New York attraction itself. The check-in was terrible 'cause the staff spoke very bad English and on top of that - they were rude...  When we took the elevator en entered our hall we saw a dead
bubble_10	This is by far the worst hotel you coud ever stay in!!!!!....I found tampon wrappers dirty underwear and pills in my room....The air conditioner didnt work, they didnt offer any ammenities....not that I would use anything in that hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!can you say grosssssss!!!!!!!i had to go to a convenient store to buy ice to keep my kids drinks cold....the staff is incredibly rude also.........please beware!!!!!hotel carter is by far the dirtiest.....trust me dont be cheap spend the money on a name hotel....you wont regret it!!!!!
bubble_20	The managing is a problem, but the rooms will be cleaned up if you asked them a couple of times. You could stay there for a week. Just a week!
bubble_20	Hey!  Some friends and myself recently stayed at the Carter Hotel located in Times Square NY for a 3 day trip and I have to say the people who claim it's nothing but a dump are going a little too far in my opinion.  Ok sure, if you're a Ritz, Hilton or Marriot regular, this place isn't for you. On the other hand, if your idea of a hotel room is only to have a bed to sleep in at the end of a full day of visiting and exploring, then sign this one up. Not only will you be in the very middle of Times Square only a short walking distance from Broadway, the subway and even Central Park but you'll save A LOT of cash that can be redirected towards more interesting things such as gifts and dining. Our bathroom wasn't near as bad as some of the pictures posted on this site and the beds
bubble_30	My kids (12 & 14) and I stayed at the Carter Hotel for three days in June last year.  After reading the reviews I knew not to expect the Plaza.  I found the hotel to be what I expected - cheap, no amenities and RIGHT WHERE I WANTED TO BE @ Times Square and the theaters on 42nd street.  (Hotel is off of 43rd street) We didn't spend much time in the room as we were sightseeing most of the day and evening.  My room was small and in need of serious updating and a good cleaning - but the beds were made, had bath towels, hot water worked, and the door locked (linens were not changed during my visit)!  We were nice to the staff and the staff was cordial to us -which is all I expect when paying less than $90.00 a night in NYC.  My kids didn't like the hotel - they thought it was
bubble_10	The worst !!  A hole !!  A flea pit !!  What more can I say ?  Booked through an agent, so didn't pick up on the previous reviews - BIG mistake !!!  If budget is absolutely your only concern, and location is king... well, your funeral !!  Just be ready for THE worst hotel of your life !!
bubble_10	Just returned from NYC to do the 5 Boro Bike Tour.  We were looking for a clean inexpensive room for 2 guys to collapse after the 42 bike tour. Nothing fancy...just clean. This hotel is the nastiest place I've ever stayed. They require payment before even allowing you to see the room.  The lobby is littered with  recycled cheap oriental rugs glued down on top of old carpet and each floor has a different mismatch of used carpet on the walls and floor.  I question whether the Carter would pass a fire inspection.  They charge $1 for the room key--not a deposit, a charge!  Now for the room...we were given 2 tiny towels and no washcloths. During out 3 night stay, no housekeeping service or clean towels were available.  when i asked if "ice" was available, the rude front desk clerk
bubble_10	I stayed from April 29th-May 2nd.  The place looks like a hostel where prostitutes would stay in some bad movie.  There was this smell of urine and dampness in the hotel and the lobby looked like something out of a bad movie in Bangkok.  You are not allowed visitors unless they leave an ID at the front desk.  My friend that has traveled around the world and in 3rd world countries said he has seen better.  Several people complained about not having heat.  My first room did not.  The second room they gave me was the "best in house" it was just as bad as the first minus the blood stained sheet and the hair and weird color in the toilet.  My second room had trash bags covering the windows with duct tape, there was a phone number above my headboard and graffitti as well.  Room
bubble_10	oh my god. all i am going to say is how the hell is this dump allowed to stay open. i don't know how many diseases are floating around this 'hotel' but i've seen drug addicts, mice and prostitutes here as well as the most obnoxious staff who pretend not to speak english and then try to keep your deposit. if you are going to stay here i would advise you to think again and sleep on a park bench or bus shelter because its a hundred times more comfortable and a lot safer. this place should be closed down.
bubble_40	honestly speaking I was preatty concerned after I read the comments on this site. But don't worry, I went there and if I plan I new trip to NYC I will return to Carter hotel again. My room was very nice, I had not any problem at all, the room was quite clean, the bathroom was fine. In particular the hotel is around 100 meters from Time Square
bubble_10	If the title does not say it all. We waited an hour in the lobby to check in. The staff was rude enough to be remarkable; however, their conduct was completely upstaged by the condition of the room. No sheets, comforter, curtain, towels... The room was covered in a layer of dirt. And someone had urinated in the bed recently and placed all of the pillows in the center of the bed to absorb it. We didn't stay the night there. I have stayed in hostels in Europe, lived in college dorms, camped outside ... This is the absolute worst thing that I have ever seen.
bubble_10	Well, my girlfriend booked for 3 nights. It was the nasty most unsanitary 3 nights I ever had. When we arrived we couldnt imagine how anyone could charge money to stay in a dump like this. Sleeping on the street homeless would be a more sanitary affair.   The bathroom was disgusting; there was grim, dirt and hair in the shower with a plastic bag holding the shower head.   The bed was the NASTIEST thing I have ever seen. It was falling apart and had stains, and all sorts of nasty looking things on it under the sheets.   Towels and sheets where never changed in all 3 days as they said "we ran out" Which is total BS because I had to steal some new towels form the maid that was cleaning one of the rooms that someone had left.   TV didn't really work (but I didn't care) I spent as
bubble_10	I stayed at The Carter a year and a half ago and it was fine - not exactly the Ritz but totally fine for a budget conscience traveller. I returned to The Carter in April 05 to find a disorganized mess. People who had booked online were turned away and told there reservations were not valid. Thankfully mine was accepted - however I booked a double room and was given a single.  The room itself was disgusting to say the least. The bed was made but it quite obvious the sheets had not been washed nor had the bathroom been touched.  I went to the desk to find out why I had been given a single room when I had booked and paid for a double. They said there was nothing they could do. I would not recommend this hotel.
bubble_10	I tayed in this dump for 3 nights in September after a 5 month tour of America and Canada it was the last stop before home. Having not been able to afford much else I booked it reading the revies and thinking it  cannot be that bad, Ive slept in a hut on a beach in Thailand for Gods sake. How wrong I was. Indeed there were mice and cock roaches in this horrible hotel and damp stops all over the carpet not to mention blood in the bathroom when we checked in. It was also possible to hear everything your neighbour does and as this hotel is rented by the hour in some cases it wasnt a very nice experience. add to this the stunning views of  a damp disgusting wall yeards from the bedroom window, truely rude staff who couldnt care less that the hotel is revolting and all in all youve
bubble_10	I have just returned from New York and our one night stay in the Carter Hotel (if it can be called a hotel) was the worst I have ever experienced.  In fact it was so bad that we checked out after the first night and found another hotel for the remaining four nights of our stay.  It started when we checked in at 7pm and were told that our room wasn't clean. In fact when we went and had a look it was worse than unclean; the sheets actually had blood all over them!  We were told 45 mins to clean the room but when we came back from dinner the room hadn't been touched.  Eventually we were moved to another room, which while it was cleaner the bathroom window didn't close, let alone lock - not great in the middle of a large city.    To be honest the staff couldn't care less.  When I
bubble_10	this place was disgusting!!! i now know why they charge your card before you arrive. we stayed for 5 days and never once was the room cleaned. each night id go down to the front desk to be greeted"what do you want?" every night id say "id like my rom cleaned" to be told ill write your # down , "someone will be up tomorrow". every night id get more towels and we would also lay the previous days towels out on the floor. i had to buy shoes to wear in the shower. there also was mold in the shower,and the water didnt drain. the tv worked butwas told "your tv only gets 2 channels",that was only after we attached metal to the antenna. we also bought lysol to spray down the room. this hotel boasts "renovated". renovated? we think the renovations went as far as installing the keyless
bubble_40	Due to last minute accomodation changes i was forced to book a hotel in new york city at the last minute. Problem was i was on a very tight budget, so i booked into the carter hotel..and then found the reviews!!! i was very worried and almost cancelled my reservation..but i am so glad that i didnt. Seriously peoples its fine! i actually thought it was well worth the money that you pay i couldnt have asked for anything better considering what i paid. I saw no bugs of any sort at all, the elevators work fine and quick, the staff was friendly to me  and efficient, my bed had clean sheets, i had clean fresh towels, and hot running water whenever i wanted it. My television worked with perfect reception, the heating and cooling worked and so did my door lock. I had no problems at all!
bubble_10	I have been in hostels and hotels of all type in New York but never experienced as bad as Carter hotel and let me tell you why.  The first room we had; the bathroom door did not close, tv only had about 4 channels (in all rooms), the floor was very dirty and I dont think this hotel owns a vacuum cleaner at all cause I did not see it NOT EVEN ONCE and they never cleaned the floors of the room during our 3 week stay.   And if you think you are alone in the room, think again cuz if you look down mice are running all over the room and in the hallways aswell. There are MICE everywhere in this hotel, you can hear them running inside walls and when you sleep they runnin in your room so if you plannin to stay in this "rat hole" do not bring food in the room cause the mice WILL be eatin
bubble_30	After we have read allt the negative comments on Carter Hotel we considered changing hotel but we wanted to try a night to figure out if it was as bad as we have read. We sent an email a week before our visit to carter and told them about the negative comments we have heard. Maybe it helped because in our room there was nothing to complain about except the carpet that was a little bit dirty. The TV only had about 7 channels and only 4 with sharp picture, but who stays at home watching TV when you are in broadway!!!!!!  Now the positive part:  No problem what so ever with the shower, cold and hot water worked perfect and the toilet was very clean.  The beds were nice and clean and the view was perfect.   Some of the staff were a little bit rude but at that price who cares. The
bubble_20	Myself and two of my friends stayed in the Carter for 3nts just before Christmas (Dec 2004), i've been meaning to write a review since but haven't gotten round to it!! I was backpacking for 6 months last year and thought to myself 'the reviews sound bad, but surely it's just whingers who write on here and nothing could be worse than some of the backpackers places that i've stayed??' .........Wrong!!!  The Carter surpassed all expectations of disgutingness!!!  When we walked in the musty smell hits you, the Chinese empire who are running it don't seem to know the meaning of Customer Services and good customer relations and are so rude it's laughable!! We then got in the lift (I was pleasantly surprised there was one!) and we checked into our room, a triple.  The bathroom was
bubble_10	I reserved one of the room though a travel site. BUT on the day I stayed in the hotel, they requested my credit card. And they charged for a room. They said they would not double charge for the room. Today, I got a credit card bill and found that they charged for the room even though I had already paid for the room though the internet site.  I called them, they asked me to call tomorrow!  Worst ever!!
bubble_10	I stayed here for less than usual price, i didnt want to stay here after reading the reviews and i knew what i was letting myself in for.  Be honest even on the cheap you do want cleanliness, this hotel is filthy and the thought of going back after a long day is horrible, yes your going to sleep when you get back but what filth are you sleeping in??  The first room we were given wasnt even cleaned from the previous occupants. the second room was made up but still fllthy.  They told us that they only clean rooms every other day but this isnt true, they will only clean your room if you complain all the time.  Avoid it to be honest, pay the extra for a clean room as this will ruin your trip staying here.
bubble_10	Trust me. Just don't go. However cheap this place is looking, however close to Times Square (and wow - it is close), this place will ruin your city break. Filthy room. Carpet on the walls. Graffitti in the lift. Disgusting smell in the lobby. Bats / rats in the rooms. No hot water at peak times (not that you want to shower in the filthy, ancient bathrooms) Want to shave? Sorry - no plugs. Broken phone / television. We had ripped, dirty sheets and a pillow stolen from the Mt Sinai Hospital for crying out loud...   My vacation was fantastic but for the hotel... The one regret was that we'd not invested that little bit more in somewhere at least habitable to stay. If we'd found the prostitutes in the lobby it would have been a highlight.  Trust me people - DON'T COME HERE.
bubble_10	For starters, the lobby carpeting is comprised of all different kinds of cheap persian rugs sewn together (one of the concrete columns was carpeted with I think  carpeting from the foot locker).  The fisrt room we were in was horrific. The bedspreads were stained with who knows what, the shower and phone did not work, the bathroom was not clean, and the closet had two lawn size garbage bags full of garbage. The second room we moved to was better but not much better.
bubble_10	We stayed at The Carter on March 26th expecting a budget NYC hotel -a  tiny, clean, no frills place to rest our heads after a night out in the city.  When we checked in and got to the room (#1718- a triple room with king and a double bed) what we found was disgusting.  For starters,  both bedspreads were stained in several places with who knows what kind of body fluids.  The sink in the bathroom had hair all over it and obviously hadn't been cleaned. The shower didn't work and the bath smelled like urine.  The phone didn't work, either.  The WORST part was that when we opened our room's closet, we found 2 LARGE lawn sized garbage bags filled with smelly garbage!  Not even sure how those even got there...we certainly didn't have 2 large 30 gallon sized garbage CANS in our room!
bubble_20	We stayed for 5 nights over the busy St Patricks period and I have to say I am not as full of criticism as everybody else seems to be.  We booked our hotel late (a terrible idea in busy NYC, esp on St Paddies!) and this hotel was up against moderate 2/3* hotels at twice the price or poorly located hostels, mainly without private bathrooms, for the same price.  Most things were as other reviewers have said: *Bathroom was quiete scummy - Shower Taps fell off.                                               - Bath didnt drain properly (so second shower user stood with water almost covering their feet)                                               - bathroom door only closed ajar *Carpet was not clean. *There was a bit of junk under the bed (wrappers etc) but the room had been cleaned
bubble_30	Had read so many bad reviews about this hotel after making my booking, so i was expecting a room in hell. However i was plesantly surprised. The hotel is ideal for budget travelers wanting to stay a stones throw away from the sights. A 2 minutes walk gets u to Times Square, Theatre Dist., Port Authority, Restaurant Row etc. The hotel is very basic  rooms are average size, with the advantage of private baths (other hotels in the same price range offer only shared baths and are located away from sights). Though the corridors are musty, the plumbing old and noisey and the windows grimey, the linen was clean and the staff polite. And we didn't spot any vermin or bugs. Adequate if u want a no frills place to stay and spend most of u'r time out on the town - which is exactly what
bubble_10	like most other people who have written reviews i agree without a doubt the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. the place is filthy,not a maid to be seen , would not like to guess the last time the carpets were vacumed.our room was boiling the window wouldnt stay open so had it propped with the yellow pages.the walls were covered in graffiti rather frightening was the one that said evil lurks within this room look under the bed,fortunatley didnt see this one until we were leaving!place stank of chinese food and damp.really there is nothing good to say except it is a fab location.i thank god that i didnt have children with me because there is no way i would have stayed there because as well as being unsanitary it was dangerous(electrical wiring and towels which were basically rags
bubble_30	Well i have just returned from my 7 day  stay in the Carter hotel in NYC. I`ll tell you after all the reviews i read after I already made the reservation i was scared to check in at this hotel.  We arrived late night  an oder man checked us in who i sticked dealing with only most of the time . First he upgraded us with an extra bed wich was nice and then ower last day he let us check out at 4 pm instead of 1 pm.   We stayed on the 12 floor and i was so nerveus to open that door , i was expecting to be greeted by mice and bugs.  When we finaly got in  I was suprise that the room smels fresh  the bathroom was clean and overall everything looked alright. The location is great  right on Times Squre and for that price you can beat it we payed 83 a night for two people, For that price
bubble_20	You cannot get any more central than this hotel. We stayed there for 5 nights in July 2004. Like other people who gave their reviews we had a bathroom door that didn't close, a disgusting damp carpet on the floor and on the walls behind the bed, a television with little reception, totally ignorant staff who could not comprehend or speak english properly. Oh there was one really cute coloured guy working as the doorman who was very helpful:-)  I was trying to arrange to meet up with a friend and they had left several messages at the hotel for me. When I asked for the messages at reception they got irritated and told me there were none, yet messages appeared under the door the following morning. It was as if she was too lazy to get up and check for me.  I guess we were the lucky
bubble_10	Myself and 3 friends booked to stay at the Carter in November 2004. When we arrived we thought it was an excellent location, you really can't get closer to Times Square, but the joy didn't last. The hotel lobby is dirty and the staff behind the desk were so rude. We had to wait half hour for them to give us our keys. The rooms were absolutely awful. We all ended up staying in the one room as the other room's windows did not close, and it was winter! The floor was littered with dirt and paper, no one had cleaned it up, so don't dare walk around in bare feet!. The bathroom was awful too, the toilet and towel rail had broken off the wall and the shower was dirty, we bought dettol to clean it ourselves. We met a couple in the lobby who said that they had had no lights in their room
bubble_10	I wish I knew about this website before I went.  We were there for two weeks in September 2001 during the awful attacks on the city.  We were meant to be leaving the city on the 11th but of course we couldnt so we had to move from or current hotel which was lovely.  We then moved into the Carter hotel because it was cheap.  We stayed there for 4 nights, the first two nights where weird, to say the least, the room was filty but we put up with it, we then went back to the hotel one afternoon for a rest and when i woke up after half an hour or so, there was a mouse staring back at me, when i moved he ran into a hole in the wall, I didnt tell my girlfriend as it would have freak her out. the last night we were moved to another room which had no airconditioning so it was like an oven
bubble_10	Me & a friend stayed at the Carter for 10 nights & soon realised we were not the only residents in the room. Yep we had company, not sure of the number but it was a few at least. We discovered we had mice. We explained this to the very un interested staff on duty who to be honest did'nt quite understand what i was telling them, Any way i caught sight of the duty manager who on the face of it seemed concerned & promised to address the situation. While chatting i requested we either moved rooms or had a full sterile clean done & all holes blocked up, He promised it would be done. We returned only to find they had'nt even been in the room. I layed a few tell tales to see they had & they had'nt. I confronted him only to now be told " hey this is New York city, you have to expect
bubble_10	Having just arrived back home from the carter hotel i have never experienced a hotel with staff as rude as they were and rooms so dirty.we never saw a maid during our 5 day visit and never had clean towels throughout our stay.it was disgusting.we had a bath and sink full of rust and we stayed out on the streets of manhattan for as long as we could so we wouldn't have too long in the room till the next day we were straight out again by 7am,it made us cringe staying in that filth. We will be returning back to New york in the future but we will NOT be staying in that dump. I would not recommend that hotel to anyone,it isn't fit to be a hotel and needs to be condemned.we re-named it as the hostel!
bubble_10	We visited NY in October 2004, when we got there the first bad thing happened - there weren't enough beds for us all to have one each! We therefore had to spend the next three nights sharing a bed with at least one other person, sometimes more. When we first got inside our room (on the very top floor) we found pubic hair in the bath (which didnt run properly), rubbish under the bed, mouldy food, and it was freezing as the windows did not fit the wall! Some of our friends found nail clippings in their bed sheets, some had blood stains. In the room next to ours a girl found a used condom in the drawer! On our second day, all the toilets blocked on our floor - so no one could go to the toilet all morning. As the bath didn't work, we couldn't wash our hair, so we had to wash it over
bubble_10	I first noticed that my room door was broken in two! The provided key did not open the door on the first, and second tries. I also saw that the beds had dirty linen. When I went into the bathroom, the fixtures for the tub, and shower were missing! The only smoke detector I found was the one in the dresser drawer. There was no heat in December! The hallway carpets were filthy.  Of course, who could fail to notice the rude, unfriendly staff members upon entering? The majority of them spoke little or no english-apparently a ploy to rip off customers. Therefore, I will never again enter another Carter Hotel. Clearly they have issues that need to be investigated.
bubble_30	I agree that the Carter Hotel is not the Hilton, but my husband and I went in October '04 and thought we lucked out when the other options were either stay outside the city and drive in each day, or pay over $200+  for a hotel in the city! For $80, I slept on top of the covers (I was lucky that we drove down, so I had a blanket in the car).  We got up in the morning, walked outside the door and you're in Times Square...what could be better!!  We grabbed a Starbucks coffee, absolutely soaked in the day, and returned to the Carter at night just to sleep.  For the money and for the chance to stay in the heart of such a vibrant city...well worth it!  You get what you pay for.
bubble_10	This hotel is totally unsuitable for any school trips. Please be warned group leaders not to use this hotel as the staff are rude, you will never get any sense of them and they are positively and deliberately unhelpful pretending (or otherwise) not to speak English and creating a very stressful stay. The Hotel is used by prostitutes and the rooms were absolutely filthy. It was safer on the streets of New York than in the hotel. Although we had booked single beds for every student the hotel put as many as three to a bed. The bedrooms are really dirty with some beds not made up and wet. The top floor of this hotel is extremely unpleasant and dangerous. The hotel put students all over the hotel and away from staff. If you are offered this hotel avoid at all costs.
bubble_10	I stayed in The Carter in Feb 05 for 4 nights; I should have read the reviews on this site. It is a one star budget hotel, in desperate need of renovation. Services and facilities are non-existent. Despite repeated requests our room was not cleaned during our stay.   The hotel is however, ideally situated just off Times Square. Theatres and shopping centres are in easy walking distance.  I could not recommend this hotel, it really is grim!!! But if you are a backpacker looking for affordable accommodation in order to explore Manhattan, the Carter may be for you. If your expectations are any more than a basic bed in a rundown hotel, then dont even consider it.
bubble_10	We stayed 5 nights in this hell hole. The rude women behind the bullet proof glass at the reception were a great welcome to our 5 nights in New York. One star is too much for this so called hotel. No cleaners or maids at all. This place is an absolute joke. Such a great location is ruined by disgraceful service and some of the worst facilities ever. If you are planning on staying here, bring your sleeping bag and ask if you can sleep on the pavement out the front, it will be safer and healthier.  A Joke.
bubble_10	I booked a room in the Carter for New Year. After reading some of the things on here I realised why it was so cheap so I cancelled the reservation and booked somewhere better.  I cancelled my reservation online about 2 weeks before we travelled. Got confirmation so everything was sound...or so I thought.  Got my credit card bill the beginning of January to find I'd been charged for the stay. When I emailed the hotel I got a very snotty mail back saying I'd only cancelled one date and I'd be charged for the rest of the stay. (Really horrible email in capital letters)  So...I emailed them back. Told them I cancelled the lot and I wanted a refund. They said they'd refund me but not for new years eve since it stated on the email that they wouldn't refund for 31/12. Fair enough.   A
bubble_10	Come & stay at the Carter Hotel & Jeopardise your & your family's health!  5 nights we spend there (our first time ever in the states) , and I can afterwards say to you all that this is a TERRIBLE, terrible hotel. Like someone else mentioned in their review, the employees there dont even seem to care! And yet, my boyfriend and I can consider ourselves two of the "lucky" guests who stayed at the Carter Hotel. The reason for that is that compared to our fellow guests we were lucky enough not to find blood on the "clean" sheets of our bed or find our 7 month old baby playing with a dead rat in the morning. (!) We were lucky and only found one dead cockroach under the bed (by the way if you are going there dont look under the bed!) and frankly who needs to have a door you can shut
bubble_40	I went to New York at Christmas time 04 for a girly weekend with my mother and sister - we had read reviews of the Carter before we went,  so we at least had an idea of what we would get.          However, to be honest - for the money you pay and the location you get, you can't fault the Carter.  OK,  so the decor isn't amazing, but you're in New York City!! The architecture and sights all around the city are more than enough to make up for that!  And the water pressure is great considering the building is so old!            There is a great little cafe right opposite which serves fab food at very reasonable prices, and the deli on the corner of Times Square seemed to be open 24 hours!          I really can't say enough about the location - literally 100 metres from the hotel is
bubble_10	this hotel was in a fantastic location but the hotel was disscusting are bed  sheets had holes in, the room had never been hovered, the staff couldnt speak english, we couldnt get into are room as the key would always jam, the bath hadnt been cleaned, the window wouldnt close and we wernt provided with clean towels or toliet paper.
bubble_10	This is without doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I can't believe they can get away with this place. I spent 3 months travelling around the US, finishing up in NY in December. This hotel was bad beyond all comprehension. The staff were rude, the rooms were disgusting. Yes it was central and cheap but not worth it! I still get upset thinking about it!! When I arrived I was given a key to my room on the 10th floor, after searching several corridors I entered my room to find dirty towels and sheets on an unmade bed and the bathroom floor covered in used tissues. When I went downstairs to complain they weren't even surprised, told me it would be fixed up that afternoon and never once apologised. There was no heating in my room the entire stay. It was colder inside than
bubble_20	I went on a school art trip here with about 20 others. Personally i thought it was an absolute  dump, which is why i loved it so much. It made my experience of NY heaps more exciting than it would have been if we stayed in a normal boring hotel with nice staff. Although we did meet a really nice chap called Abdul who cleaned our rooms for us and we had a good laugh with him about certain things. On the final day the whole top floor flooded when our teacher tried to have a shower. It's a fun place all in all especially with the bricked up window, bodily fluids on beds and carpeting on the walls from the 'Athlete Foot' shop down the street. I would only advise it if you had a fun sense of humour, no sense of smell, were on a school trip, or didn't mind sleeping in filth. But as i
bubble_10	If you want to enjoy you New York vacation please do NOT stay in this hotel. It is a dump, the whole place was a disaster zone.  It was filthy with unchanged sheets and faecal matter around the toilet not to mention broken windows and locks, the place needs knocking down. I couldn't belive it was classed as a two star hotel, it's more like a badly run down hostel. I'm still trying to get my money back.
bubble_10	This so called hotel is simply hell!!!  Its disgusting, filthy dirty, has a major insect and smell problem and the bath/shower were best avoided.  It is also clear the bed linen was not changed between guests and the "owners/managemtent" just don't feel any of the above requires any attention.  For the love of god please pay a few dollars more and do not subject yourself to the hell hole!!!
bubble_10	DO NOT HAVE YOUR NEW YORK EXPERIENCE TOTALLY RUINED BY THIS DISGUSTING DUMP DISGUISED UNDER THE NAME OF "HOTEL". Expect cockroaches crawling on the cold flesh of yours and your loved ones' in the middle of the night as apparently the owner thinks heating is not essential in subzero NY winter. If you wanna warm up, do not, and I repeat, do not under any circumstance get into the shower. The hot-water faucet fell out when I was in the shower, and a gush of boiling lava-like water landed me in ER. So there you go. I am not making any of these up.
bubble_10	The Carter Hotel was the first experience of America for my daughter and myself. We arrived at the entrance and we could see the place had seen better days. Nothing was clean and all the furniture was well past its best. The biggest suprise was the unusual use of carpets as a wall covering. The interior of the room was like something from an old murder movie. Unlike some guests our shower was hot and quite powerful and luckily we had no bugs. We made the best of the location and spent only sleeping hours in our room. We didnt let the awful hotel room ruin our five nights in NYC. The best thing that the Carter Hotel has going for it is the tall black porter who was always on duty and never failed to give a welcoming smile when we were leaving or returning to our room
bubble_10	We booked in for two nights November 2004, we stayed two hours! Reception desk was like queing up at a bank - bandit screens, not to mention the lovely decor!! Multi coloured dirty rugs for a carpet.  Hotel was really dirty & smelly -  Rooms had filthy carpets, as well as carpets as headboards on the walls.  Door to en-suite barley hanging on hinges.  Generator outside window extremely noisy - amazed we could hear the squeeking and rustling of the lovely RAT eating our box of chocolates - tried to escape , couldn't get out of room - door got stuck.  Ended up in lobby in our PJ's - staff didn't bat an eyelid - in fact the night poter tried to show us how the vermin got into the building. We were surprised they didn't charge us for the extra occupant in our twin room!.  Let just
bubble_10	I have stayed at better hotels in the third world, no kidding.  The NYPD was always in the lobby writing police reports about thefts that happened in the hotel.  I discovered that my room key opened every door on the fifth floor.  Stay away, I was lucky and did not get ripped off, but I heard and saw horrible stories and situations.
bubble_20	Stayed at the hotel over New Year's eve. While I did not expect much I did have a pleasant experience. Saw the ball drop. I did not come to the hotel expecting much. Basic was what I was looking for and that is what I got. Planning another trip this year. Oh yes if you go there ask for rooms above 15th floor overlooking Broadway. Don't bother to buy beers in the coffee shop as they overcharge the hotel guests. Walk over to 43rd and 8th avenue. The Deli is open 24 hours!! At the hotel if you want your room clean daily talk or leave a message for Abdul who is an all round maintenance or a handyman. At the front desk not much to expect.   Van Vliet Holland
bubble_10	This place was the worst place. It was the King of all Roach motels. The pictures are ridiculous and does not even come close to the atrocities that you will encounter once you get there.  First off, the staff was extremely rude.  When we got our room key, we opened the door and walked in on another couple!  When we finally got a different room, it was so filthy that when we turned on the water from the spout, rust shot out!  I squatted over their toilet the whole time and I also threw all their towels on theground and walked on those.  The next night, I ended up almost getting into a fight with the front desk clerk because she was rude as hell!  I thought this room was okay since I was there for NYE and it boasts being on Times Square. This place should just be condemned,
bubble_10	Recently returned from a Christmas trip to New York and had to let fellow travellers know how bad the Carter Hotel is.  I know you get what you pay for and in a big city, but this hotel really was dire!!!!  Having read reviews before I left I wasn't expecting the world but this was worse than expected.  They really don't know the meaning of a vaccuum cleaner, seriously don't look under the beds.  What makes it worse is the staff don't actually see what's wrong with the place.  Rooms are very basic, some you really can't swing a cat in, just about enough room for a bed.  If you're thinking of a trip to New York on the cheap go for it but steer well clear of this one!!!!
bubble_10	This hotel is scary, it is like being in the movie "four rooms".  It's like going back into the 60's and very retro looking.  My friend got stuck in the room and couldn't get out cause the key went around and around, it was scary!!!!!  Rooms were ugly and dirty!!
bubble_20	I read all the reviews on here and still decided to book a stay at the Hotel Carter.  I wanted to go to Times Square for New Years Eve.  Other hotels were about $800-$1200 for 2 nights, but the Hotel Carter was $250 ($89 the first and $129 New Years Eve + tax).   Let's be honest - it's not the Hilton.  We checked in on December 30, 2004.  I checked for any reservations before we left and it was totally booked.  I had two copies of my reservation (in case they kept one) and presented one at the desk for check in.  Since this had the price on it, I didn't have any problems.  The receipt and room information was already printed, so I just had to check and sign the credit card receipt.  Everybody was ID'd and it was printed on their receipt.  One of the booking problems is that it
bubble_10	I have never been so grossed out by the conditions of a hotel in my life!!!! this place was aweful. It smelled really really bad, they don't clean your room, there are no towels, the bathtub has not been washed in 20 years, and to top it all off the tub doesn't even drain. We were there for new years and hated every minute, not to mention the fact that we were stuck in the elevator for 45 minutes...yes I said stuck in the elevator for 45 minutes.....Oh the carpet.....your headboard is oriental rugs hung on the wall. The lobby is a sight to see...... oh yeah you have to ask for toilet paper, they don't have maid service... One last warning, the key DEPOSIT is not a DEPOSIT at all, they wont give it back to you even if you have a recipt...
bubble_10	Where do I start well first when you enter the lobby you think your in china because it smells like a wok. Next when you go to check in the staff is rude I mean rude they finally got the cards to enter the room not the keys this was my second stay I thought i would give it a second chance but again it was horrible room was dirty  running water in the bathroom had a little flood televison didnt work telepone also didnt work they dont give towels shampoo or soap with your room little criters crawling all ove its a totla health hazard dont have lampsjust a light bulb on the ceiling that didnt work heat didnt work no hot water no windows that opened to freshen the room up stay away if you value your health and personel property. SOme scary people lurk the halways at night  but its
bubble_10	This hotel is a disgrace to the wonderful city of New York.  We reserved this hotel online 2 weeks prior to arrival, and received confirmation (just a reply email, no confirmation number).  We failed to check this website and it turned out to be our biggest mistake.  The first red flag was raised when I tried to call one day prior to arrival to find out if they had an iron board and hair blower in the room (One can never assume anything).  The toll free 800 number was always busy which was something unusual.  When I called the regular number, the phone was answered by a real person but only with a greeting "May I help you?".  I had to asked if this was hotel Carter and she said yes.  I complained about the toll free number being busy and she cut me off saying that many people
bubble_10	We stayed at the carter hotel on our second night in new york, I can honestly say it is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in and should carry a government health warning! Our room was turned over the first night we stayed there and everything was stolen, clothes, money passports, luggage! Stay there at your peril! This hotel is known to the NYPD.
bubble_10	This I can honestly say, no exaggeration, was the WORST hotel I have ever seen in my life. An absolute --------. I read the previous reviews a day before me and my mum were due to leave and hoped it couldnt be as bad as everyone was saying but believe me it really is worse than the reviews you read.  On our arrival we were greeted with a queue of people waiting to check out after 5 minutes of being there. Not the best 1st impression!! I cant say I was surprised though. The whole hotel stinks of oil and grease as there is a burger bar or something built into the side of the hotel. The carpet has never seen the invention called a Hoover, seriously its thick dirt and dust everywhere. The staff are like little Hitlers, unbelievably rude. They dont empty the sanitary bins in your
bubble_10	We stayed at this hotel as there did not appear to  be any other hotel available in NY in December. I failed to check this website until after we had booked and paid for this dump! From the minute we walked in we knew that it was a mistake, there was a kebab shop downstairs, but the entrance to the kebab shop was the same entrance as the one for the hotel, the reception area stunk! it was absolutely MINGING!  There was these crazy mats everywhere, it looked like the owner of the hotel had sat and personally sewed all old mats together and made the flooring! and the mats were everywhere, from the Reception floor to the walls, and even the walls in the restrooms were decorated with these mats!   The room was another story!  I just wish I could attach a picture on here to show you!
bubble_10	Ok firstly, my husband and I have travelled a lot and apart from the occasion awesome Internet deal we stay in moderate to cheap style hotels. We are not use to 5 star or luxury when we travel and do NOT sit in our hotel (quite the opposite - usually in bed late and up early and out of the hotel) and yet we still think the Carter Hotel is the absolute worse hotel we have ever every stayed at!!!!!!!  We have stayed at this hotel twice and to this day I can not believe that we went back for a second time. Yes it is cheap (for New York) and we were prepared the second time, but this hotel is incredible!!  On our first trip I did not take my socks off the whole time I stay here (5 nights) as I was afraid to touch the carpet, I also opted to sleep in long pants and t'shirts rather
bubble_10	If there is a review button with a negative sign as a rating option, I would choose it.  Even the 1 bullet "Terrible" rating is giving the hotel more credit than it deserves.  My American friend and I survived our 4-night stay.  We will go to heaven for being tolerant to the challenges posed by this hotel and did not suffer our friendship during our stay. Well we aced it all probably because: a) of my humble background in my upbringing in Asia - as an Asian I was taught to embrace the vicissitudes of life with humility and gratitude; b) we were seasoned travellers to NYC (you cannot deny the charm of this bright-light big-city juicy Apple); and  c) we were so drained after a 20 hour flight from Asia to NYC that having a roof over our head and being away from the rain and cold in
bubble_10	My best friend and I are flight attendants with a major airline and have been for 27 years.  We needed to get our visas for France and since the office has limited hours thought that staying in the city was the easiest way.  To be honest all the hotels we would normally stay at were booked, we went online and this is what we got.  It sounded to good to be true and it was.  Two policemen in the doorway as we walked in, the stairs were filthy etc.  The staff behind the check in desk was very friendly.  The elevator was filthy, there were bags of trash in the hallway on the way to our room.  The carpet was filthy in our room and the bedspreads were stained and it looked like blood stains. We told them our room was filthy and they gave us two keys to look at two more rooms.  They
bubble_10	I'm telling you all, I feel for you!!!! I stayed at this hotel, ***UCK!!!!!!!***and though it is cheap and will help with your budget, IT'S NOT WORTH IT!! fIRST, THE LOCATION IS EXCELLENT. You right there in times square. The downside, if you complain, they yell back you. Not kidding!! The staff will YELL back you!!! It's a HUGE hotel, so you are likely to find a room really cheap. Even if you have not reserved...but my suggestion, pay a little more and go somewhere else. I'm planning on NOT going here again unless I'm really desperate, then again, my friend that I went with said there was a spiritual presence in the room. Ghosts??? Ok, when you start thinking of stupid --- like that. Suggestion, when you go to NY you want to have fun and not have to worry. I HATED THIS HOTEL,
bubble_10	We spent the Thanksgiving in Carter and it was pretty bad, to be honest. The worst "hotel" I've never been.  At first we thought that our room was ok, bathroom seemed to be clean, so was the closet and sheets were clean. On the first night we noticed that the room was extremely dusty. We asked the maid to vaccuum our room but nothing happened. Our room was cleaned only once during 6 days.  We had our own flip-flops with us and we used them in the bathroom always. I recommend that to others too. We had our own pillows, sheets and towels with us. The room was freezing cold at nights so we bought extra blankets and ducktape and taped the door to balcony. Then it was tolerable.  Take all these equipment with you if you are planning to stay there. It is not comfortable, but it makes
bubble_20	3 Ladies on a trip to New York.  We were right in the middle of Times Square.  The hotel was just a place to sleep and shower.  Yes, there is carpet on the wall but it was not dirty.  We did not have any maid service the whole time we were there and had to ask for towels.  You get what you pay for!  We were pleased to have found such an inexpensive place to stay--New York is truly wonderful.  But if you want more than a bed and a shower, stay somewhere else.  The people behind the counter were very nice to us.  If you are nice, they are nice. Who cares, you are in NEW YORK CITY.  We woke up early and got back in late.  WHO CARES!!
bubble_10	Ok, so like many of you on here I read the reviews and also thought how can this place really be that bad. For three nights I just needed a room, nothing fancy and the location sounded fabulous.  Then I got there.....  .......where to start, ok well the first thing that hit me was the appaling service on reception, the woman is nasty from the word go, and that is before you have even said anything.   Once I got my room key, myself and a colleague went up to the room, then bed had not been changed or made since the last occupant. The floor had I have no idea what on it and there was a damp towel on the side.  Then I went into the bathroom, the toilet was dirty with urine on the seat and there was a wet flannel in the sink. Strangely enough the mould on the ceiling didn't bother
bubble_10	Prostitutes, dirt, rude people, horrible service, freezing. This is the worst hotel ever, I am a college student and I have stayed at some low rate places but this is the worst I have ever seen. I would rather sleep on the street than at this hotel. The people who work there are rude and god forbid you ask them a question they will cuss you out in the middle of the ghetto lobby. There are prostitutes working out of this hotel and they have more class than the employees who don't speak english. They do not clean the rooms or wash the sheets, there is only one room key, no heater, no hot water, no television, no phone, also we had a broken window that let all the freezing air and rain in our room. We only stayed 2 of the 7 nights we were supposed to, we bought sheets, blankets,
bubble_10	We booked into the Carter, went to our rooms and promptly went to find another hotel. The Carter was terrible. It felt very unsafe. It was dirty, the curtains were pinned together so that we could not see the taped up window. The carpet was discusting, the furniture so old and musty. The door knob came off in our hand, we had to get someone to help us open the door, the carpet is filthy as you enter the lobby, the bathroom door did not shut properly...the list goes on.  I laughed when I read these reviews before I went, please don't do the same, just DON'T GO THERE.
bubble_10	All I can do is agree with most of what has already been written. The room was filthy, obvoiusly hadn't been cleaned for months maybe even years. There was thick dust on every surface, lots of hairs on the bathroom floor, mould on the shower curtain, mouldy grouting between tiles, broken and missing tiles, stains and graffiti up the walls. The taps in the bathroom wouldn't turn off completely so we had to tolerate the noise throughout the night. Every other guest we spoke to had the same opinion of the hotel, just sitting in the reception you could watch people arrive, go to there room, and return within minutes to demand a refund. Some people asked to see a room first and were told that they had to pay before they could! This hotel is disgusting, the worst hotel I have ever
bubble_10	Where do I start? I appreciate I was in New York to see this wonderful city - and not the inside of a hotel room - but a modicum of cleanliness would have been nice.  The bed was large, comfy and relatively clean - even though it had holes in the sheets.  If it hadn't have been for the filfth and grime under the bed, behind the drawers and in the cupboard things would have been OK.  The shower was OK - when it worked and there was hot water, but on the occasions it didn't and there wasn't you left the bathroom feeling dirty.  A nice touch was the persistent clunking and thumping of the insane radiator EACH and EVERY day for our six night sojorn. We couldn't open the room door twice and oh, we had a mouse in the room on the last morning.  The staff were friendly enough, but
bubble_50	I have given the hotel a 4 star rating because of the price and the location. if i were to rate the room , i would give it a 4 star rating. why you ask?  1) private bath 2) king size huge bed 3) tv (okay, only 3 stations, but who the hell cares when you are in times square!) 4) in room telephone (must have a phone card to dial international, buy one from the store below the lobby, i rec the PT1 card, $5.00 bought me 15 minutes to london! or about an hour to chicago!) 5) The best hot water and strenght! tip) take your showers at night to avoid the 2 hour wait for the water to heat up because everyone showers in the morning. Hey it's a pretty good tip!) 6) Try to check in as early as possible! take advantage of  the early check in (10:00am) totally packed on the saturday night
bubble_10	Well where do I start?  Booked the Carter Hotel through the internet and admittedly it said "Not for the more discerning guest".  This should have read "Not for Human Beings!".  We arrived late on Thanksgiving Day to be greeted at the door by young Americans telling us not to go into the hotel as it was so appalling.  We carried on up to reception to find somebody else arguing.  Nearly gagged on the smell in the place, had to hold your nose every moment in the place, it was foul.  I would recommend that nobody eat there, we didnt risk it.  We saw no dogs or cats on the streets during our stay, I think this hotel cooked them for dinner which might explain the smell!  The room was filthy and we slept in our coats, wasnt putting that bedding near my skin!  Had to share a bed on the
bubble_10	Not fit for a SEWAR RAT to live - Disgusting and Unsafe!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BOOK CARTER - should be closed due to Health and Safety.  Do not know how travel companies can advertise such a disgusting hotel to foreign travellers and get away with the money they have charged them for what is supposed to be a BUDGET hotel, NO WAY is this  budget - I booked out within hours of arriving.   "STAY AWAY FROM DISGUSTING AND UNSAFE THE HELL THAT IS CARTER HOTEL!!"
bubble_10	my mother and another single parent friend of ours planned this Thanksgiving trip about a month ago, online. We were looking for something cheap, but after we stepped foot into this hotel we were completely disgusted. At first we just laughed at the missmatched carpets and furniture, the neon lights and the smell. But, when we got to our room, we had to try and open the door for over 10 minutes. But, that was not even half of it.   We walked into a room that must have never been cleaned from the last person who was in there. There were shoes left behind, and a razor in the bathub, the closet was filled with garbage and the room smelt horrible. If your okay with that, then thats another story, but may i add there was no electric, let alone cable or atleast one light, the beds
bubble_20	Me and my friend were on a low budget holiday to the United States and Canada, so naturally we were looking for a cheap place to stay with good location! After days of searching on the Internet, I came across Carter Hotel. It was well cheap especially for the other prices in New York; we were paying 40 per night. So I booked the hotel online. A few days later my friend called me telling me that she had been online and looked at reviews of Carter from other people who had stayed there, and to be honest all the reviews gave a negative image of the hotel. I reassured my friend that it should be fine and that we can't get a better deal than that unless she wants a youth hostel, which has shared facilities! But deep down I wanted to cry I was reluctant to even start my trip. I
bubble_20	Me and a travelling buddy did NewYork on the cheap big time in November of this year.  Much to my personal distress of reading the reviews on this website i was really worried about staying here.  If your the type of person (like myself) who is just happy to be in New York this hotel is a bargain.  The bed was clean, the shower was hot and the room was warm.  If you don't mind the lobby/amusement arcade with flasing neons and mismatch furniture then you will be ok at the Hotel Carter.  It was actually quite a laugh taking the p*@# out off the oldest security guard in New York and the location was excellent.  Anyway how much time are you going to spend in your hotel room in the greatest city on earth?
bubble_10	My god where do I start, if you are planning to take your wife there for a romantic weekend away, expect grounds for divorce. The place is nasty, vile and not even worth going too if you were being paid to stay there.   A friend and I booked this place on the internet before we set off for New York. We from London, England. We thought how bad could it be? We are not exactly looking for the Ritz. But this place is beyond a joke!!!!!!!!!!!  We went to our first room and the bathroom had a leak, there was water everywhere in the bathroom. So I went downstairs and informed the people at reception of this. They then gave us another key to another room, for this room the door would not even open.  I then told them that we need to see another room; we were given yet another key, please
bubble_10	I have stayed in some disgusting hotels, but they are usually tolerable if the staff is nice and friendly.  When I said I had a reservation, the lady said, "$89 Now." They have no manners and in fact barged in my room while I was sleeping to ask me when I was leaving.  They lost my reservation and messed it up 2 times after that.  The "cable TV" they offer has one channel on it. The bathroom had about 2 plys of toilet paper in it when I checked in, and the worst part: The pillowcases read in bright red, "Wanna ?" You are better off renting a place by the hour.
bubble_20	In response to all the negative reviews of Hotel Carter, my experience at the hotel was not as horrible as I expected.  I stayed at Hotel Carter for two days, Fri./Sat. Nov. 12-13, 2004 even after reading all the horrible reviews on line about the hotel.     I was expecting the worst, considering that I have backpacked, camped and stayed at many hotels and hostels around the world, including countries where hot water was an extreme luxury.  We even brought extra sheets from home, just in case!   Hotel Carter was pretty bad, but it can be a livable space esp. if you are in NYC on a budget and you want to experience NYC and not the hotel room.  You are only two blocks away from Times Square and you really, really can't beat the price of the room.  Book on line to save even more
bubble_10	I cannot believe anyone could stay more than 5 min in this hotel, for that is all that I gave them.  The rooms were totally disgusting PERIOD!!!!!!!   The window was broken the bathroom looked like S---!  There were more people in the lobby checking out that had just got there than I have ever seen in my life.  One lady was complaining rats was all in her room yet she, like so many others who ended up staying there, were stuck because they were all from different countries and they had booked through a travel agent that had already charged them for the total stay.  I felt really ashamed being American thinking if this is their first trip to America what a terrible impression based on that hotel.  This hotel really needs to be shut down!!!!!!!   I was one of the lucky ones
bubble_30	My trip to New York was a birthday present from my two girls.  This hotel was very close to Times Square and there you have it.  It's not a smart hotel, but it is somewhere to sleep that is within easy walking distance of a lot of attractions and the subway.  The room was not that pleasant, but at least the sheets were clean.  We only slept here we didn't hang around the lobby area, which had carpets of many different colours.  It is cheap and therefore that it was you get.  I wouldn't stay here for more than a few days, so if you plan to stay for more than 3 nights then it could get a bit depressing.  Mine was a short break and therefore it served its purpose ...  somewhere to sleep that was not too expensive.  At least you got your own bathroom (even if it was not that clean).
bubble_10	I (REF: TIM-738817)  spent one night in your hotel this weekend and i will NEVER stay there or encourage anyone to do so in the future!  The front desk staff was rude, refusing to look up my reservation, telling me i needed my email conformation sheet or i won't be staying at the hotel.  She wanted me to go and download it and bring it to her.  Fortunately, the other clerk looked on the list and found my name!   The lobby was dirty, carpet needed vacuuming,  as there were dust bunnies along the edges and the lobby also smelled.  When we got to our room, and opened the door we were in SHOCK!  It was FILTHY!  The beds were unmade, and the carpet...oh my god!  The room had not been cleaned in a while, the place stunk!  We saw a maid who told us "I had not been able to open the
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in - and that is saying much as I have also travel in 3rd world countries...  The reception staff was rude, obnoxious, and minding their own business. The rooms were never cleaned - unless requested (after the 3rd request of the day someone did a half-hearted tidy up), the room was so dirty and disgusting (when we checked in there were dirty sheets in a pile at the bottom of the wardrobe - did I touch them? noooo!) I tried not looking under the beds, in the corners or at the bathtub too closely.. Totally disgusting.  I mean budgeting is ok, but there is no excuse for this filthy, unfriendly place to exist! I think someone should close them down.  The hotel also seemed to be the Falun Gong HQ in NY, which was not very nice either...
bubble_40	Hello Fellow Travelers: My name is Jennifer and i would like to tell you about the hotel carter and how to make your stay as pleasurable as possible.  1) book through their website, as you can save about 10%. but dont forget to bring in your print out . the receptionists are a little flakey and could not find my reservation. but luckily, my smart boyfriend brought a copy. GREAT PRICE, for my boyfriend and i, it was only $110 per night inclusing taxes. while we walked around the city we decided to price out other hotels of the same 1-2 star status and they were not even close! a smaller hotel about 4 blocks away, quoted a price of $179 plus tax per night and we even had to share a bath!! another hotel about 10 blocks away was a bit more modern, but quoted a price of 205 plus tax
bubble_10	I read all the advice on this website before I left on my trip but decided it could not be that bad! I have been a backpacker in Asia, Australia and Europe after all and I have stayed in some dodgy hostels but the Carter Hotel is a first!!  We arrived on a Friday evening into the lobby which looks like it has not seen a  vacum cleaner  since it was built. I join the line for the check in and in the 15 mins I waited I hear 6 people complain that their rooms haven't been cleaned in 4 days and 2 complain that their keys don't work I still am convinced my mini suite with a view of time square will be ok... eventually my turn arrives the Asian women at the desk is rude and impatience with me when I show her my booking she also insists I pay before I see my room so i agree ... she
bubble_10	This must be one of the world's worst hotels.  Take my advice and never stay there.  Just spent four days in this hell-hole.  The rooms are filthy and grotty, the sheets weren't clean.  There is carpet on the walls (probably to cover up the stains).  I have never met people as rude as the management were.  The lobby is covered in pink and blue neon lights and carpet, yes carpet everywhere.  They will try to sell you cheap watched at reception and girls after midnight.  There is no dining room or restaurant so you are given coupons to get a drink and sandwich from a dirty little 24Hr street shop that is part of the hotel building.  The decor is undescribable, smell awful etc. etc.  This really is the hotel from hell.  Also it is not safe, there is inadequate security and the
bubble_10	Horrible  Seedy Hotel With a Really Good Website and a Non-Existent Reception Staff.Figure it Out  Advertised as 700 Rooms renovated. Picture at hotel website shows nice quaint clean room but it was dirty.The first room assigned to us had a torn bedspread and the carpet was stained.I went back to the reception and asked for a better room. Fortunately the bedspread was better but still the rooms were not renovated.I dont know what the managements definition of renovation is. The plumbing in the bathroom was leaking. There was just a solitary bulb in the room with no shade.No table lamps as shown in the picture on their website.I feel cheated. Ugly wires showing nearing the AC unit.All the furniture was in bad shape with no knobs. Lock were difficult to open and i had to request
bubble_10	Just returned from 3 nights at the Carter and we survived - but would only return if it was a last resort (as it was this time).   I usually book through Priceline and have gotten great hotels at great prices - but a group of 5 made a last minute trip and EVERY HOTEL, Hostel and YMCA in Manhattan seemed to be booked unless we wanted to spent more than $450 per night (and even those rooms were tight for all 3 nights). Since the group was on a budget - we booked the Carter which I've known has had a bad reputation for years - but the group agreed that they would rather spend the extra $1,000 per room shopping rather than booking a more expensive hotel. We all survived - didn't spend much time in the room - the bed was OK and plenty of heat and hot water - but as mentioned comes
bubble_20	The hotel is very old, and I had an impression they never changed anything in this hotel since it was build. I wont comment on the staff, I had a little opportunity to deal with them. The building smells really bad, looks (and is) dirty. The room we stayed in also smelled of a mold, which was on the ceiling disguised by a thick layer of pain and in the bathroom the walls were even wet from leaking piping. Cleaning service: zero. Weve never seen a maid to change towels or take out a trash bin. Some positive things: it is right next Times Square, everything is near. The cost of the rooms is cheap. Plenty of hot water in tub. We stayed only for three nights (we were out of the room as much as possible), so we could survive it. But we will never come back.
bubble_20	We booked our 5 night stay at the Carter Hotel on the internet, when we called to confirm, we could not understand a word what the woman on the phone was saying, and we suspected that the same could be said for her. After travelling for 12 hours, we arrived exhausted. The man behind the protective glass was less than friendly to say the least. After several minutes of searching for our reservation (there was no computer, our reservation was on a piece of paper pinned to the wall) he announced in broken english that he had a room for us but no key...so he would let us in. The light didn't work in the room so he let us into another (apparently he could not find the key for that one either!) The room was small and somewhat dirty and in need of much repair. Having said that, the
bubble_50	Excellent location, With time square on your door step. Tremondus budget hotel in manhattan. The CARTER HOTEL is ideally suited for the city's top attractions. Ideal to suit travellers on a budget. We where that happy that we have booked for next year already.
bubble_20	Well, Ive spent the latest half hour reading about the Carter Hotel, with many laughs!  Me and my 2 travelling companions from Sweden stayed in a 3 bed room. Our highest priority was the low price and the excellent location, like many of the other former guests already wrote.  The chinese woman at front desk is really a memory for life, her manners is awful. At our arrival, I only had a 20-dollar bill when asked to deposit the key to the room, so while she prepared to hand me the exchange I asked her a nice harmless question, just to warmen up the atmosphere a little. Her response was: (while giving me the bad eye) "-I dont have time! -Im counting one dollars! -Here, go to your room!" What happened to the good old "Have a nice stay!", one wonders??!  I recognize the same
bubble_20	When I went to Carter hotel's website, I thought, "What a nice website."  The hotel itself is a different story.   The front desk lady was just MEAN!  I had a fight with her as soon as I checked in.  That put me in  a bad mood.  My brother and I booked two double beds, and instead, we got one double bed.   I did not have any more energy to fight for a refund knowing that I would probably never get it.   You can't beat the location though.  As for price, it is good, but for what seems like only a "hostel" quality of "hotel", it is NOT that cheap.  I've stayed in hostels that are cheaper and much cleaner.  The bed sheets were filthy!
bubble_50	we stayed at the carter hotel from sep 19 to sep 22, 2004. i booked it through lastminutetravel.com for $84 incl taxes per night ($252 for 3 nights) while sailing towards new york on the grand princess cruise ship. after i booked it i read the reviews and figured i screwed up. my wife wanted to cancel but i said lets see it first.  i had no trouble checking in and was treated nicely during my stay. i paid my $1 key deposit and went up to room 2232. i didnt see one bug in all the time i was there. nor did the maid show up, but then i saved on tips, i loved that (i had the wife with me so didnt need the maid anyway). bottom line. the carpet is worn, the sheets have some little holes (but were clean with no stains i read about), the shower taps dripped constantly and the tv only
bubble_10	Hmm, the scene was set; we're stuck for a place to stay in New York the day before we're due to fly. We have limited, though not sparse resources, and we try to find somewhere at least habitable for the first two nights. Whoa, what's this? The Hotel Carter. Budget, well-placed, with private bathroom. Surely on this premise alone value for money would be a safe bet? Nope. From marching into the nu-porn neon glow of the lobby, we were on the backfoot. The carpets didn't look as though they'd seen a vacum cleaner in years, the continual drip-drip through the ceiling led us to believe the building was ready to fall into itself, and the amount of disgruntled punters bemoaning the state of the place on the sidewalk really didn't set us up all that well. And this is before we reached
bubble_10	After reading some of the reviews here before we headed to NYC, we came to the conclusion that this hotel wouldn't be one of the best but would be grand if all you need is a bed. Thats fine, but what you don't need is the hassle that goes along with staying in that bed! We arrived, got to our room and everything seemed ok. The door was a bit stiff, the bathroom door didn't close but all in all the room seemed ok. Later that night when we got back to the room, the door wouldn't open. After 15 minutes of trying to get it open I had to go down and get someone. He came back, tried to open it like I already had been doing, then decided to get the master key. That didn't work either. So he got another key and that didn't work. When he went down to get yet another key I continued to
bubble_40	I was just browsing the tripadvisor website and decided to check out the reviews about places i have visited. When i saw the reviews of the Carter, i felt kind of bad for them because i myself have stayed there a few times in the past year on trips i take to promote my business and have always enjoyed my stay. The staff seems to be all Asian and most speak english very well... at least they know the the important things to say like check out time or room rates and sightseeing directions. if one didnt know the answer, another would. i have always paid the same rate of $89 plus tax, no matter what day of the week i arrived at the hotel. this is amazing since most or even all hotels hike thier prices up on certain dates. I have been happy with my room 95% of the time. because one
bubble_10	When we first got to NY, all hotels were booked.  Carter hotel was the only available place that had vacancy, and we thought we got lucky.  The Asian lady in the front was rude and kept looking at us weird.  As soon as we got inside the room, there was an awfull stench, empty beer bottles in the closet, dusty floors, broken shower knobs, leaky toilet pipes (which flooded our bathroom), and loose front door knobs which didnt lock.  We left that place the next day and hoped to find a better one... but everything was still booked.  Me and my friend didnt have the funds to get any of the higher class hotel, so again, we had no choice and ended up at the Carter Hotel.    The same rude lady was there.  Hesitant to give us a room because she said we broke the bathroom and kept the
bubble_10	Absolutely terrible place, upon arrival we were greeted with a blood stained bath, not to mention rancid carpet. The rooms were not cleaned as there was a pile of rubbish under the bed and thre are mice and rats in the rooms. This place is so disgusting, lots of people tried to get thier money back but the people at the desk spoke terrible english and refused. You really cant imagine how bad this plac is unitl you get there. We thought that all the other reviews were only written as people usually only write when ther is something bad happened but they were right, this plae is a disgrace and should be condemned. It is so dirty you cannot imagine and has filty carpet up the walls. Avoid at all costs, its minging.
bubble_10	There is nothing good to say about this hotel except that the bellman/locksmith was very helpful.  The entire hotel is filthy.  I'm talking FILTHY.  Broken water fixtures, leaks, severely stained linen, bugs .....the works.  It should be listed in the hourly rate section.  We have no problem staying in not so pleasant hotels to save a buck, but we checked out of this one within 1 hour after checking in.   Do not stay here under any circumstances!  You might be better off taking your chances sleeping in Central Park.
bubble_10	Just disgusting like the people at the reception desk! They cannot speak English, and they are very rude. You feel like you are talking to Ms. Swan in "Mad TV"!!!!!! Don't go there!
bubble_10	First impressions of the Carter Hotel was that is needed a damn good clean (this was whilst booking in)  Receptionist was rude and abrupt and her knowledge of the english language was some what limited.  Elevator O.K however the room was something else!  Needed to use great force to gain access to the room, once inside we were amazed to see carpet on the walls, no light shade, filthy bathroom, dirty carpets, foul smell, no bath linen, and what appeared to be soiled bed sheets.  We felt it would be a health hazard to even contemplate staying in these appalling conditions.  We had paid in full for four nights but left immediately.  For your own safety STAY AWAY!
bubble_20	Well where do I start?  I was very nervous about Carter before we went to NYC, especially after the reviews i had already read.  They say its location, location, location when looking for a hotel and the location was excellent. It was straight out the door and into Times Square. We were on the fourteenth floor and had a corner room, which was quite spacious, although very basic and the carpet looked as though it had never seen a hoover since the day it was put down. We had good air con, hot water (except the first morning when we were told they had experienced boiler trouble) and a working TV, although the sheets were realtively clean, i would reccommend sleeping bag liners and ear plugs (they were a life saver!). Unfotunately on the 7th day of our 9 day stay we found that we
bubble_20	When I decided I would go to NY, I knew I wanted a cheap hotel with a private bath. The Carter Hotel looked like a great hotel.  Before I went to NY I started to chearch for all kinds of things which we could do overthere. I also searched for the hotel. I really wished I hadn't done this. I read all the terrible reviews on this page and I became very anxious. I really hate bugs and I like things to be clean.  The hotel isn't clean, there were sigar butts in our room and a couple of nails. The bathroom wasn't clean either. And they have only cleaned up once, while we were there for 8 days. Luckily we haven't seen any roaches or other buggs. Only a couple of members of the staff speak English well, the other ones can't understand you.  We also haven't been stuck in an elevator,
bubble_30	We stayed at the Hotel Carter over the weekend with a fairly large group. After reading some other reviews we were very nervous about what we would find when we got there. However I will say that we did not have any of the problems that the others experienced. Everyone was very friendly, now we did not have to deal with the front desk as that was done for us but we did deal with the hotel manager who seems to be on duty in the lobby 24/7. He was absolutely wonderful, we needed more towels he got them someone else had an issue with their toilet he addressed it immediately. The hotel is old but very nice and fufilled our needs we were way too busy in N.Y. to worry about our room, it was clean, had a hot shower and a comfortable bed. That was all we needed and we were a group of 38
bubble_10	The Carter was the final stop on a 2 month tour of the states I recently made with 2 fellow students. After becoming accustomed to grotty, run down hostels, we had very low expectations..... which was a good job as the Carter certainly fitted into this bracket! The room was marginally bigger than the two double beds it contained, the TV flickered on every single channel, the air-conditioning was non-existant (therefore we were entertained by a symphony of car horns all night), we had 1 towel between 4, the beds were made once (out of an 8 night stay)..... The list goes on!! Avoid if at all possible! (Unless you are also a poor student, in which case, beggars can't be choosers!)
bubble_10	At first, on the outside it looked okay. When you step in, forget about it. It looked like bulletproof windows separates you between you and the clerk. My key did not work in the hotel door. It took 20 minutes for someone to help me get in. When I finally found help, he told me to "turn the knob, then kick the door". I could not believe it!! When I arrived inside, the television only had 3 channels working. The bathroom was ridiculously messy (It needed a serious disinfection). Overall, this place needs a renovation. The door do not even have a peephole to see who'e there? If I were you , find another place...
bubble_40	Before my trip to New York, I read horror stories about Hotel Carter wherefrom we were reserved a room.  Now i have to say that Hotel Carter was just great!  It was cheap, on very good location, there was hot water and great beds.. you don't need anything else in New York, or do you? I didn't.. To me, it doesn't matter how many channels there is on tv, or what kind on view you have on window, there is also other kind of things to see and to do in New York.  So I highly recommed Hotel Carter
bubble_40	Not only is it a cheap hotel, but it's the cheapest hotel in Midtown!  Think of it, right on Times Square!  We paid less than eighty bucks a night.  I was traveling with my son, so they gave us two big double beds.  All right, so there were only three channels on the TV--but the picture was, well, pretty good--and who goes to NYC to watch TV anyhow?  More fun to see Conan or Letterman in person!  The shower was fantastic--no kidding!  It wasn't filtered, so the hot water poured through and massaged my poor aching back (too bad the bathroom door wouldn't close).  Oh, and we got free towels, free soap and free plastic cups, too!  And..the air conditioning!  It was superb (and on a hot day, too)!  True, maybe it's not the most romantic hotel you'd want to bring your wife or
bubble_20	You get what you pay for. Do not... I repeat... do Not... ever look under the bed. But again.... you get what you pay for!!! Get out of the room as soon as you wake up (07:00) and get back when you really have to sleep (1:00 am)... there will be no problem. The hotel has a good elevator system, a lot of coke and water machines in the lobby and if you are lucky you can even call home. Look at the bright side: you are midtown, no need to take a taxi to do anything. Perfect for the budget concious traveller.
bubble_30	I stayed at the Carter last summer.  Yes, it was not the best hotle ever, but it was nearly as bad as everyone is making it out to be.  We stayed there for three nights.  The rooms are ok.  The tv got three or four channels, but why would you care, you are 1/2 block from time square.  The AC/Heat was fine, they both worked.  The bathroom door did not close all the way, but enough where it would stay closed and could not see into it.  The only problem I had, was the shower.  For the first half of my shower the water would not drain so I was standing in a few inches of water.  By the time I was done, the water was draining normal.  The water was warm, it never got hot.  But after all that touring and walking everwhere warm water felt great.  When you pay less than $100 a night in
bubble_10	The day before leaving for ny, i found this site and was filled with dread about going after reading the reviews as we were due to stay there for 5 nights.  No amount of reviews could have prepared me for what I saw. The place was exactly as Id read on here, disgusting, rude staff, broken items in the room etc etc. Dont have a good word to say about it. Avoid it!
bubble_10	we went to carter because it was a great deal, but looking back we should have spent another $100.00 to go anywhere else!! we just went to New York for a weekend, so for two nights we stayed at Carter Hotel. The service is crap, not enough towels, the water fills up in the bath tub when you take a shower ( a lot!), there is carpet on the walls, which means dust infestation! we fortunately did not see any cockroaches, but the parking lot stinks of garbage and there are quite a few rats ready to jump in your car so close all your windows and do not leave ANY food!!! The hotel lobby is disgusting too. The whole place just looks filthy and dirty, so go spend a bit more and stay at the W, Ameritania hotel, or Holiday Inn, whatever. Just don't think about staying here, unless your
bubble_10	The Carter Hotel is absolutely disgusting. The low prices are not worth the agony of staying in this hotel. The hotel staff are all Chinese people who don't speak English and are extremely rude. We killed a HUGE 2 inch cochraoch and a spider in our bathroom. The entire place stinks and is dirty. The carpet in our room had old food stuck in it, there was no hot water in the shower, the shower was covered with mold and mildew and it took the hotel staff 2 days to bring us washclothes (there were none in the room)!! Every time we called the front desk we were hung up on. Not ONCE in our 3 day stay did they change our bed sheets on give us  new towels. There was no cable and the room smelled musty. Whatever you do, do not stay at this roach motel.
bubble_20	I stayed at the carter with my friends from Denmark. The best person to ask for anything is the tall black guy "Abdul". He is great. other than that the place is you get what you pay for!!  Karen
bubble_40	my wife and i were very suprised to have read these posts because we have recently ended our vacation with a 2 day stay in new york city and chose to stay at the hotel carter because of the obvious reasons....PRICE & LOCATION. our room was perfectly fine, the bed was large, there was a working air conditioner, the tv, well it only had 3 stations but it worked fine. the water pressure was very good, the elevators were fine, the staff was nice. i think that most of the people who have left these reviews came from overseas and they do not fully realize that they are getting a very good deal for new york city. for my wife and i, we paid only $206 for both nights INCLUDING TAX. we did not have to share a bathroom, and once again, i will say that the location is just perfect....walk
bubble_10	don't go there!!!! we spent a night there, or better from 5 a.m. to 7 a.m, as we discovered to be surrounded by every kind of bug! I took about 30 louses and ticks off the bed! and a couple of big croaches on the wall! we went at the reception and asked our money back, they did't want to do it, so I went to the police station and made a complain to healt department. Moreover, we started telling all the guests of the hotel what happened to us. We got money back...but not our clothes (we throwed them away) and our trip to NY! somebody should close that place!
bubble_20	After reading the reviews we decided to wing it and stay at the Carter Hotel seeing as how it was very well priced and so close to absolutely everything. Aside from the location the Carter Hotel has virtually nothing to offer except a roof over your head for the evening.  If you don't plan on spending much time in the room (which we didn't) it wasn't so bad.  The cable connection was poor as was the water pressure in the shower. Luckily though we only killed one cockroach!  I had never seen one before and boy was it gross!  Oh and also note the receptionist(s) are very rude and if you  made reservations online and don't print out the document which it apparently said to do you will not get the online rate (no where on the document does it say "print this" i even went back and
bubble_10	I had to stay at the Hotel Carter in March for a school trip. This was the worst experience of my life!!!!!! The location is great but seriously it is not worth it whatsoever. When you walk into this awful hotel you spell a strong scent of BELL PEPPERS. The bell man are around the age of 105 and the receptionist are something next to RUde. We had little hairs on our phone and in our bathroom. The pillow cases on our bed had written messages that said "Are you ready" and the other said "You wanna" It was really hot in the room and the only way we could get cool air was to prop a piece of the dresser under the window. The sheets were dirty and we didnt have any hot water. When we informed the front desk that we needed hot water they said they had no idea when we would get any.
bubble_10	If you are reading this after you have booked to stay then I am sorry, we booked to stay at the Carter Hotel in New York City before reading the reviews, something we regret. The hotel is run by all chinese people, there english is not very good and they are particularly abrupt when they do manage to speak to you in english. The hotel reception area smells like a chinese takeaway given to the fact that they have some sort of food takeway at the front of the hotel below the lobby. The hotel decor is old fashioned and tacky and the rooms are dirty and old fashioned as well , whilst I can say our bed linen was white the matresses were very stained and dirty. The TV was old and just about worked allbeit a few channels, the bathroom was old and dirty. There were no light bulbs or
bubble_10	We agree with all the bad reviews!  We laughed just reading them, as many of them described our same experience - we too were to stay at the Habitat, and due to 'water problems' we were routed over to the Carter instead.  Bare lightbulb on the ceiling,  'death graffiti' on the wall of our room, window wouldn't close, so my daughter and I huddled together for warmth in mid March.  Could hear the neighbors next door as they walked in and viewed their room for the first time - similar reaction of dismay!  Bathroom door had no doorknob, and thus not too much privacy. We skipped the shower, as we were only staying one night - we didn't want to stand in the bathtub with bare feet.  No washcloths.  Dollar store shower curtain.    But on the good side, the difference in price for the
bubble_40	A close friend of mine was having a wedding party in new york city and invited me and a few other people to join her. Bonus: she would pay for our airplane fare. all we had to take care of was our accomodations. so i figured, since i had to buy a fabulous gift for the party, and the fact that i was going to be in new york city where i would be most tempted by all the cool hip shops and bars, i decided to come a few days early and kill two birds with one stone. this is when i searched the internet and found the hotel carter. i could not believe the price and location. so i asked my friend to check it out for me since she lived in manhattan herself. she visited the hotel and asked to see a room. at first they would not let her see it and explained, "we do not show rooms" "if you
bubble_10	Stayed back in 1996. Our room was infested with cockroaches, i killed twenty two on the first and the last night. My advice is simple aviod this place at all costs.
bubble_10	This place is a mess.  we stayed here in 2001 for new years and the rooms were freezing because the a/c was still in the window when they changed our room we found a dead mouse on the floor.  not having enoug money to go anywhere else, my 2 daughters and i stayed but spent very little time in the room and we did not shower, we washed off in the sink with towels we went and bought.  this place should be shut down
bubble_30	After having read all those cheerful reviews, I thought that the Carter would be Hell on Earth. Fortunately, it turned out not to be so bad after all! I organised a trip for 28 Dutch students, ages varied between 15 and 19, and 4 teachers for a week in May during our break. I already told the students not to have too high expectations of the accommodation, and that it was low budget! However, when we entered the building, things seemed okay, not the Ritz, the staff was nice (okay, maybe they wouldn't pass a general English test), ask for Elaine, the rooms were sufficient (obviously not decorated by that hunky Nate Berkus, often seen on Oprah, or any other modern hip designer), the beds were big (!), the sheets we had were clean, and when they forgot to remake the beds, they did
bubble_10	We stayed in NYC for about a week and we didn't want to spend too much money for the hotel, so we decided to choose hotel Carter. The first thing I thought once we got in the hotel, was 'What a hell of a smell'. We tried to check in, but the lady was very rude; our reservation seemed to be a problem because we had a wrong voucher according to her... We tried to explain her we had already paid for the room and it took 15 minutes before she finally gave us the key of the room. The ugly carpet on the floor was filthy and the sheets were not clean at all. The bathroom was okay and the tv was crap. The only positive thing was the location...
bubble_10	For all of you looking for a budget hotel with friendly staff and clean beds, please look elsewhere. The ladies, if you can call them that, who staffed the windows were beyond rude. I honestly could not believe how self-absorbed and obnoxious they were. My sheets had what I called "mystery stains" all over them, as did the top cover and spare blanket. The sheets looked like they'd been laundered. But the covers looked like they'd never seen the washer. I barely touched them, and you should do the same. They were filthy. On the contrary to other reviews, my bathroom was OK. It could have been worse. As a matter of fact, it was a lot like the dorm bathroom I used in college. Thank God for flip flops and Lysol. The TV was about 20 years old, with bad reception and barely 4
bubble_30	What are these people on about? O.K - The hotel isn't the Ritz but it's location is fab. The staff I spoke to were polite and helpful and the owner even shook my hand as she welcomed me! My room wasn't dirty and appeared to be cleaned each day.   The bed was comfortable and huge! The point of a hotel is a base to see a city from - You only go there to sleep and wash!   The Carter is cheap, old but cheerful and friendly. If you expect a 5 star hotel then be prepared to pay 5 star prices not under $100 a night!
bubble_20	I went to the Carter for a week at the end of March with my boyfriend. We had read the reviews about it on Tripadvisor, but being on a limited budget, decided to "brave it" anyway. From the reviews, we expected to arrive at a pokey doorway in NY, with no hotel sign, flashing neon lights in the reception area and druggies hanging around in the reception area. However, the Carter is large as life with a big Hotel Carter sign going down the side of the building. Admittedly, some of the letters on the sign were not lit up, but it was obviously a grand old hotel in it's day. The reception was enormous, with oriental designs on the walls, and largely made of marble. The clocks above reception all worked and showed the different times in the main countries of the world. The seating was
bubble_10	Ugh! This hotel is absolutely HORRIBLE! After we checked in, we actually went around to nearby hotels to see what kind of availability & rates they had. But b/c we arrived in NYC on Good Friday, everything was booked/expensive (ie. $150-$250/nt). So we decided to tough it out at this DUMP of a hotel. We paid for 8nts at $80/nt before taxes. And during this time, our room was 'cleaned' ONCE (by 'clean' i mean they made our bed, picked up our old towels, and emptied the garbage. So, that means no new sheets, no vacuuming of the carpet or sweep of the bathroom, etc). All the other nights we went down to the lobby to get our own towels & toilet paper b/c they 'forgot' to clean our room. Not only that, they don't believe in vacuuming so the nasty carpet from the lobby to the corners
bubble_10	I loved so much my stay in N.Y city this February that I decided to spend the Easter week-end there. I was going there with an "organised group" with a charter bus, etc, and the hotel hired was the Carter. I knew not to expect the same quality as the very charming and spotless B&B I had stayed in Feb, but....this was nearly a NIGHTMARE!! Luckily, I didn't get to meet any roaches, but..... Right in the lobby, you feel this is "not a hotel". Decadent, dirty, smelly, no customer service concept at all. Total chaos there, always full of people that seem not knowing where to go. You have to wait an eternity to get in the elevator. The carpet in the hallway is dirty, not vacuumed with white stains. The room is smelly (dirty), I highly doubt the sheets were changed. The comforter had
bubble_10	This is the worst hotel we've ever been, seriously! Really rude staff (they even tried to cheat and keep the margin), ugly bathroom (but private, tough) and an extremely small and nasty room. Don't ruin your vacation by choosing this hotel!
bubble_10	This hotel is just awful. Cheap hotels need not be this bad. Its dirty (the staff use a mop, not a hoover to clean the carpets). The staff are incredibly rude. We were told the bathroom doors deliberately don't close in rooms so the person you share with can hear EVERYTHING when you are in the bathroom the rooms are so small. The hotel stinks of cooking fat and this wafts into the rooms through the windows that do not close. There are large stains on the carpets and furniture. People tried to get in the room, this is not a safe hotel for women to stay in. Please shop around, we found fantastic hotels for the same price just a couple of subway stops away.
bubble_20	The room was relatively clean, but looked like it hadn't been remodeled since 1940. The faucet handles fell off while I was in the shower and the sink leaked water when turned on. The location is great; only a block from Broadway! Instead of wallpaper, there was colorful carpet on the walls. When you're in the lobby, make sure that your watch has the correct time on it...or else you may be a little confused. Overall, it was fine, but not someplace that I would ever stay again.
bubble_20	My friends and I have staid in all kind of hotels in the world (guesthouses but also four/five star hotels). We choose hotel Carter because all other hotels were full or too expensive (we paid $36 p.p.  including tax). Because we read the reviews we tought the worst!! At the end we staid 5 nights at the Carter so it wasn't that bad: We could choose between two rooms and we choose a small room with two BIG beds and a great shower (better than in my home in Amsterdam!). The floor under the bed wasn't clean, the window was broke and the room looks oldfashioned. Also our view wasn't like the internet told us to be but we were only in the hotel for a sleep and shower so that was o.k.. Tip: When you want to see a great view of TQ have a drink in the Marriot Hotel. The last night the
bubble_10	I live in New York City. So I know what to expect. BUT this so-called "hotel" was just... horrible.  I had to stay in a hotel until my house was fixed. I didn't want to spend that much money and I wanted to stay near my office. It was the biggest mistake of my life. I don't even understand why people call this a "hotel".  I have stayed at other cheap hotels, and I was never so furious. As I walked in, the smell from the deli inside the hotel greeted me. The receptionist woman was rude. There was only one key for each room. Yes, a "KEY", not the passcard you get in other hotels. And you have to deposit $1 for the key. I would never ever want to steal that key...  There was even a homeless guy, sitting at the chair in front of elevator and staring at my legs. Elevator door closed
bubble_10	Cheap rate = horrible hotel in this case. I was in NYC over New Years and found the Hotel Carter at the last minute. My stay there was a nightmare. It started with the walk-in closet that ate up my luggage. The door to the closet would not open and I had to walk (no one answers the phone) back down to the front desk to ask for assistance. Oh, I forgot to mention that the key that I was given (no pass cards) to the original room didn't work so they gave me another room. There were no towels in the bathroom and I had to go back down to the front desk to request towels. The tile in the bathroom was cracked and the faucets in the bathroom were erroding. The one light in the bedroom was an exposed ceiling light that burnt out after the first night of my stay. It was never replaced.
bubble_40	The Carter is well, the Carter. you get what you pay for. A clean, (in my case) room at less than $100 bucks a night and 6 people in the bath, so it ain't all bad. In the middle of New York City and I mean the MIDDLE it was freakin cool. Get over it, it is what it is and will always be Goddess willing. I found if you aren't a ****, the "help" is actually made up of human beings that will tell you where to go and help you out if they can, just don't try and lean on them, good way to get screwed. Can't blame them. P.S. If you need food get the cabbage rolls for 2.50 for 2, they call em egg rolls but who's kidding who. Best deal going. Be well and I heart NY.
bubble_30	If you want a person who wants reasonable pricing with comfortable place to sleep, plenty of room space, Great location, and carpark convenience... this is the place to stay. However you will need a few guidelines and information of what to expect.  INFORMATION:- 1) Pricing from $89- $150 ++ 2) Rooms cheaper on weekdays, more expensive on weekends 3) Extremely Old hotel with minor breakdowns (eg: door knobs, bed stands, wardrobe hangers, bulbs, lacking of certain items in rooms) 4) Asian-vietnamese decor style, Asian descent reception, Bellboy is either American or Asian 5)Carpark below with multiple in-out pass for $30 a day 6)Have to give key back to reception everytime you go out of your room 7) Daily room service and cleaning with nothing stolen 8) Clean towels, private
bubble_30	4 friends and myself travelled to NY city by a car. We booked at Hotel Habitat for 2 queen size beds, thinking we could squeeze in for the night of New Year at Time Square for 2004. Apparently, when we got there at Habitat, we were given a hostel room for a Hotel price. As they were fully booked, they only gave us a room that had 1 single bed, share communcal bathroom and toilet, no wardrobe space. Obviously we got cheated.The refused to refund our money although we booked like months earlier for a bigger room. It was disgusting! We decided to look around for another hotel with reasonable pricing and came upon Hotel Carter. It was located exactly on Times Square area next to Westin Hotel near the Ball-Drop(televised on ABC, CBS etc). We got a room for $130 with 1 king size and 1
bubble_10	We thought we'd save some money and that it might be like staying at a Motel 6 or something. The people were definitely rude and I think we were the only people staying on the 31st floor. I seriously never saw anyone else in the elevator, ever. Our room had graffiti on the walls about what a good time someone had had in there. The shower was an old tub that had a curtain (filthy) wrapped around the whole tub. The worst part were the roaches that inhabited the bathroom. They were everywhere in there, and when I saw one crawling onto the carpet and heading for the bed, we were OUT OF THERE. We ended up staying our 2nd night at the Medford Inn a couple of blocks away. That place is on par with a Motel 6...even slightly nicer and costs around $120. AVOID THE CARTER! AVOID THE CARTER!
bubble_10	never ever even think of staying there! Not even for one night. Useless service, filthy rooms, etc. trust me, Ive tried it!
bubble_30	i travel to nyc every few months and normally stay at a different hotel, but this time there was a water problem and i had to locate to a different hotel. this was when i checked into the hotel carter, i've seen this hotel many times but never gave it any thought. the location is great if you want to stay in times square and enjoy all the nyc commotion. the price was unbelievable! i paid only $89 plus tax per night and i stayed there for 3 nights. i have paid this much for 1 night at other hotels. the rooms are spacious but old fashioned. i didnt really mind since the bed was comfortable and i had my own bathroom. I MUST SAY THAT THE HOTEL CARTER HAS THE BEST WATER PRESSURE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED! the water was very strong and relaxing. my television had only like 3 channels
bubble_20	Yep when you arrive in this hotel its more like stepping into Vietnam, red and green neonlight everywhere, and it even smells like the far east thanks too the foodstore downstairs. Our hotelroom was small, extremely hot and with no view. The next day we moved to the 23e floor and then there was no heathing with F 30! (however we had a great view). Yep it s cheap and safe and for your European backpackers... go for it. We paid $ 90, for a friday and $ 90 for saterday in one of the most expensive weekends. On sunday we went to hotel Ameritannia, three stars, arty farty and..clean, superlounge-area ad. $90 a night! " Advise: Look a litlle further, take a shared bath accomadation, If you are low on your budget, otherwise, just book on time on the internet and you have no problems
bubble_10	The minute you walk in you think the hotel will be ok, but don't be deceived! Try being on the 22nd floor with no telephone that works, and elevators that you may get stuck in for over 2 hours (as I did). The rooms are not well cleaned if at all, and the bathrooms I'm sure are growing undiscoverable diseases. The sheet have messages such as "Do you want to?" and "Kiss me" on them. Hair can be found in any place you look and your lucky if the lock on your door matches the key you were given. The bell hops are a littel creepy and cannot be trusted in any sistuation. I was showering and the maintance guy came in to "fix the sink" while I was still in the shower. I suggest you do not take the risk of staying in this hotel as you may not make it out. Good luck and find a different
bubble_30	Hotel Carter is def not the Embassy Suites but its nice enough to enjoy your stay and not have to send lots of $$. The front desk person was def rude, but the bell boy tried to apologize for her. our room was in the 12th floor and the elevated seemed to work perfectly fine for us.  The door on the room was kind of scary, but once we got inside it was ok. Great room for 90 bucks! We will be back for NEW YEARS EVE'S 2004!!
bubble_10	I visit NYC for business and pleasure at least once a month. I always stay at a different place to see different areas of the city.Last weekend was one of my trips to the city. I was online trying to book a hotel for the weekend when I ran into the Carter's web site. The site was very presentable and the rate was very tempting. Knowing the rate of hotels in the area, I was also very concerned about the hotel's standards. I made the reservation online. It was very easy.A week later after reading different reviews, I decided I did not want to have a bad weekend after a horrible week because of a bad hotel. I then cancelled my reservations and switched to a different hotel.Since Carter hotel was only 2 blocks away from the hotel I ended staying at, I decided to go pay a visit. I
bubble_20	I would like to start off by saying that the lady at the front desk was RUDE! The bell guy was nice as well as the cleaning girl. We started out at a nicer hotel but wanted to save some money so we would have more money to spend eating and shopping. When I first enterded our room I felt a little creeped out - I decided it was because the hotel was an old one and and left it at that. Now I am not one who is scared by much - but I could not sleep any of the 4 nights we were there. When I did fall asleep I was woke up by .. umm.. something in my room. If felt as if someone had jummed on my bed with one hard pounce. FREAKED the %#@* out of me. How ever my two friends who were with me loved the ghost and will stay on the 8th floor next time they are in NY (that is where the energy
bubble_10	We stayed here in Nov. 2002 and it was awful! We were on the 17th floor and only one of the three elevators worked only part of the time. Our headboards on the bed were made out of carpet and the tile in the bathroom was held up with scotch tape. The grill in the door let us hear everyone talking in the hallway all night long! Thank God it was only for one night -- that was more than enough!
bubble_40	if you don't expect the hilton, carter is a fine, cheap and clean place to stay. The rooms are cleand evry day and the owners are friedly.  Staying in the carter is the best solution to be in the center of the big apple for not too much money
bubble_30	I was on my way to NYC on very short notice, which left me with practically just two options regarding accomodation: either pay 300 $ at a **** hotel or then 89$ at The Carter. I read the reviews on this page and decided to try The Carter despite the horrendous opinions. My brave decision was mainly due to the fact that the few Europeans that had posted a review found the hotel acceptable - as far as Americans are concerned, nothing is ever good enough for the (No offence, though!)Well, arriving at the hotel I thought I would practically come to a filthy *** full of criminals and rude Etno-desk clerks. I was prepared for the worst - and I have stayded at quite terrible hotels before - which was good since I actually got surprised when I noticed that the Carter was just a regular
bubble_10	The Hotel Carter is a total dump. This is where welfare people vacation in NY. Dont even think of staying there. THe mattresses look like hammocks they are so old and there is literally 2 inches of dust under the beds. The TV was so old it had only 13 channels. The AC was broken.  The bellman wanted $20 to get us in all the citys cool clubs even though we didnt ask. Of course he was lying in the first place. Total dump.  New York has a lot of these dump hotels. To bad as they really need the visitors right now but they hotels are such trash for high prices. Most hotel staff in the city is very rude as well. The Carter is no different except that its probably the worst hotel there is in Times Square.
bubble_10	This hotel is disgrace full, nasty , the staff does not speak english, are we not in the United States.  Nasty, Nasty, you know that it is bad whn the NYPD tell you to get out of the hotel for your safty.  What ever you do , spend the extra money, do not stay in this dump.
bubble_10	The on-line pictures of the rooms are inaccurate at best! The minute you walk in the door the experience heads down hill. Nasty lobby, rude desk clerk, antiquated elevators - enter at your own risk!! Stay at the risk of your mental health and physical well-being! The rooms smelled of urine. Door knobs were missing on the bathrooms. The bathroom looked like it had never been cleaned. The tile was covered in mold. The handle fell off the shower faucet. The window would not shut, so the room was extremely cold. There were no controls for heat or A/C. When we complained we were offered an alternate room. When we went upstairs to check it out, someone was using the room already - tangled bed sheets, dirty socks and all!! The desk clerk conveniently forgot English when we went back to
bubble_10	Looking from the Hilton @ 42nd street, I am glad I paid the extra $100 a night for my stay. With the lites burnt out at night it says Carter HTE which I believe may stand for Carter Hell Tonight Everlasting. Good Luck.
bubble_10	I have stayed at this hotel in the past, but it is not very nice. It is in a prime New York area for tourists, but is very run down. My biggest memory was of all of the roaches in the bathrooms that come up through the pipes at night! Don't expect the Hilton.
bubble_10	My husband and I originally booked at the Habitat Hotel, online, about a week before we were scheduled to be in the city. We did not get our room at Habitat, because a pipe broke, and were, instead, offered an "upgrade" to the Hotel Carter. As soon as we got into the lobby, I knew that we were in for something to be remembered!   First of all, the original rates for the Habitat Hotel were supposed to be honored. The person behind the desk was rude, and insisted that they had no rooms for the price we were to pay at the original hotel. It ended up being another $20.00 a night. and we were staying for the weekend. My husband was alot more understanding than I was...   When we were settled into our room, there was no place to put your clothes, the bathroom door had been broken
bubble_30	This hotel is cool if you don't plan on staying in your room during your stay. Its a place to ----, shower and shave. The beds were clean theres a little food store and the bottom and Puffy shoot em up club is right next door!
bubble_30	Carter is okay, I read some of the reviews here that people weren't let into their room, etc. and that would be pretty horrible but I had absolutely NO problems.The sheets were clean, a good bright light in the bathroom, and they cleaned the room every day, unless you told them not to. (And I'm a neatness/cleanliness freak!)I don't know how some people claim they never saw the cleaning lady once. I saw her and she was as nice as the rest of the staff --granted, sometimes I had a little trouble getting my phone-messages from the reception or even getting my message through because of some of the staff's poor English skills...It ain't no Plaza, what do you people expect! The AC worked perfectly and it was HOT outside... The TV only worked so and so but hey, I'm not in New York to
bubble_30	The hotel was ok. The bed was ok. The shower was in order. Not to much noise. Cleen sheets.TV worked almost. My friends TV was ok.Elevator was ok. I tried the stairway, and foundfire-equipment in every floor, good!The staff was nice and was able to speak english.Cheap and good, no luxuary.
bubble_30	hello everyone, my husband and i are from chicago and we would like to share a few experiences for those of you that may be travelling soon . first of all, we love new york city, it is truly the greatest city in the world, no other comes close!~ we found the hotel carter on a a search engine and decided to book our 4 day stay there since the location sounded amzing and the prices even better, and boy was the location great, we were just half a block away from times square! our room was warm and clean,  and the staff was very pleasant and even went out of their way to help locate our missing luggage from the airport while we took in the sights. with  the extra money we saved for lodging , we dined at the best and shopped our hearts out guilt free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bubble_10	WHAT was I thinking when I booked this room? What was supposed to be a New Year's Eve celebration in New York turned into a whole lot of lost cash as a result of this place! From the leaking toilet and sink, to the falling apart shower, to the burn and moth holes in the sheets and comforter, to the lack of a blanket on the bed (did I mention this was New Year's Eve?? COLD!!), to the friendly cockroach staring at me when I flipped the bathroom light switch (which, by the way was overlapping the non-grounded electrical plug and while I was standing in a pool of water from the leaking toilet and sink faucet I mentioned earlier...half an inch to the right and I would have had a free perm!). I don't know about you, but once I see a cockroach, I WANT OUT!! If there is one there are
bubble_10	I loved New York City but absolutely HATED the Carter Hotel, which we jokingly called, "the Hotel Cartier".  It is my duty to warn humanity away from this atrocity.  I'll put it as nicely as I can: PLEASE...PLEASE stay away from this ...!  It is worth paying as much as $150 more for a nicer hotel--and this is coming from a poor, easy-to-please cheapskate.   Mere words cannot describe this nightmare.  In fact, I would rather sleep outside on the sidewalk than ever again lay down money for this not-even-nice-enough-to-be-called-a-crackhouse.  We decided to do NYC at the last minute and instead of staying in a cheaper but pleasant hotel chain in Newark, we'd pay a little more for a hotel a block away from Times Square.  We figured the location was worth staying in a less than nice
bubble_10	This is the worst "hotel" I have ever stayed in. It is not really a hotel. Part of the former "red district" this hotel still shows signs of its past. There is a blaring rock band that plays all night long- I was on the 6th floor and was awakened at 3:30 AM from the blaring music. The elevators do not work (one out of three functions) and we got stuck on the elevator. They have absolutely no amenities, no restaurant or room service, the rooms are totally thrashed & disgustingly dirty, no shampoo's, lotions, etc., the towels smell, pillow cases with a hospital name on them, television reception terrible, no dressers for your clothes, and no peepholes on the door (which is scary in a place like that).  OH and our view out the window was of the brick building next door.
bubble_10	I am glad I only stayed here for one night.  However, I should have indeed sprung the extra bucks to pay for a nicer hotel.  Nothing about this hotel is even close to decent.  The staff and room were terrible.  Their so-called bell-boy was old, did not speak a word of english, and took us to a room that had already been occupied.  Even some hostiles look better than this place.  We did not see the cleaning lady once.  I did not feel safe at this place at all.  Sheets were dirty.  TV was old.  You can hear every inch of a sound in the hallway and the room next door.  I do not recommend this hotel to anyone.  I will never stay here again.
bubble_10	I left the key in my room and they would not let me back in until the "engineer" returned in the morning, which turned out to be just the key man.  They put me in another room and I had none of my belongings.  This new room had no air conditioning in 100 degree weather.  I asked for another room.  They yelled at me and put me in one with minimal A/C.  The staff was horrible, the sheets, towels, etc. were dirty, and I could get maybe one channel with the "rabbit" ears they provided.  Stay away.  Stay far far away!!!! Cameron
bubble_10	P.S. Since I am a french Canadian, Excuse my poor use of your language.  Not at all like what the web site is offering. Half the night staff were drunk. The carpet in the elevator is the same as the one they use to cover the head of my bed. Every client before us took of the sticky tag on the cloth they bought and stick it back on the room wall. So there was maybe a couple of dozens of prize or size sticker. We never find any working television. I am a well grown men and i didn't find the guts to undress and sleep under the sheet. My wife and I Slept fully clothes and on our coats. But since we were young and poor, This trip was the one we remember the most. My wife and I because Manhattan is indeed the biggest place on earth.  Bernard Simard  Richelieu (Qubec) Canada
